item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview our business hilton is one of the largest and fastest growing hospitality companies in the world, with 4,322 hotels, resorts and timeshare properties comprising 715,062 rooms in 94 countries and territories as of december 31, 2014. our flagship full-service hilton hotels & resorts brand is the most recognized hotel brand in the world. our premier brand portfolio also includes our luxury and lifestyle hotel brands, waldorf astoria hotels & resorts, conrad hotels & resorts and canopy by hilton, our full-service hotel brands, hilton hotels & resorts, curio - a collection by hilton, doubletree by hilton and embassy suites hotels, our focused-service hotel brands, hilton garden inn, hampton hotels, homewood suites by hilton and home2 suites by hilton, and our timeshare brand, hilton grand vacations. we own or lease interests in 144 hotels, many of which are located in global gateway cities, including iconic properties such as the hilton new york, hilton hawaiian village and the london hilton on park lane. we have approximately 44 million members in our award-winning customer loyalty program, hilton hhonors.
segments and regions management analyzes our operations and business by both operating segments and geographic regions. our operations consist of three reportable segments that are based on similar products or services: management and franchise; ownership; and timeshare. the management and franchise segment provides services, which include hotel management and licensing of our brands to franchisees, as well as property management at timeshare properties. this segment generates its revenue from management and franchise fees charged to hotel owners, including our owned and leased hotels, and to homeowners' associations at timeshare properties. as a manager of hotels and timeshare resorts, we typically are responsible for supervising or operating the property in exchange for management fees. as a franchisor of hotels, we charge franchise fees in exchange for the use of one of our brand names and related commercial services, such as our reservation system, marketing and information technology services. the ownership segment derives earnings from providing hotel room rentals, food and beverage sales and other services at our owned and leased hotels. the timeshare segment consists of multi-unit vacation ownership properties and generates revenue by marketing and selling timeshare intervals owned by hilton and third parties, resort operations and providing consumer financing for the timeshare intervals.
geographically, management conducts business through three distinct geographic regions: the americas; europe, middle east and africa ("emea"); and asia pacific. the americas region includes north america, south america and central america, including all caribbean nations. although the u.s. is included in the americas, it is often analyzed separately and apart from the americas geographic region and, as such, it is presented separately within the analysis herein. the emea region includes europe, which represents the western-most peninsula of eurasia stretching from ireland in the west to russia in the east, and the middle east and africa, which represents the middle east region and all african nations, including the indian ocean island nations. europe and the middle east and africa are often analyzed separately by management. the asia pacific region includes the eastern and southeastern nations of asia, as well as india, australia, new zealand and the pacific island nations.
system growth and pipeline our management and franchise contracts are designed to expand our business with limited or no capital investment. the capital required to build and maintain hotels that we manage or franchise is typically provided by the owner of the respective hotel with minimal or no capital required by us as the manager or franchisor. additionally, prior to approving the addition of new hotels to our management and franchise development pipeline, we evaluate the economic viability of the hotel based on the geographic location, the credit quality of the third-party owner and other factors. as a result, by increasing the number of management and franchise agreements with third-party owners, we expect to achieve a higher overall return on invested capital.
development throughout 79 countries and territories. of the rooms in the pipeline, approximately 129,000 rooms, representing 56 percent of the pipeline, were located outside the u.s. as of december 31, 2014, approximately 121,000 rooms, representing over half of our development pipeline, were under construction. all of the rooms in the pipeline and under construction are within our management and franchise segment. we do not consider any individual development project relating to properties under our management and franchise segment to be material to us.
in june 2014, we launched a new brand: curio - a collection by hilton. created for travelers who seek local discovery and experiences, curio will consist of a carefully selected collection of hotels that will retain their unique identity but are expected to deliver the many benefits of our system, including the hilton hhonors guest loyalty program. as of december 31, 2014, 5 properties comprising 3,170 rooms were open and operating. as of february 12, 2015, 23 curio properties comprising more than 4,000 rooms were either in the pipeline or had signed letters of intent to be included in the collection.
secondary offerings during the year ended december 31, 2014, certain selling stockholders affiliated with blackstone sold an aggregate of 207,000,000 shares of our common stock (including 27,000,000 shares of common stock that sold pursuant to the exercise in full of underwriters' options to purchase additional shares). we did not offer any shares of common stock or receive any proceeds from the sale of shares in these offerings, and none of our officers or directors sold any shares of common stock beneficially owned by them in these offerings.
•   owned and leased hotels. represents revenues derived from hotel operations, including room rentals, food and beverage sales and other ancillary goods and services. these revenues are primarily derived from two categories of customers: transient and group. transient guests are individual travelers who are traveling for business or leisure. our group guests are traveling for group events that reserve rooms for meetings, conferences or social functions sponsored by associations, corporate, social, military, educational, religious or other organizations. group business usually includes a block of room accommodations, as well as other ancillary services, such as meeting facilities, catering and banquet services. a majority of our food and beverage sales and other ancillary services are provided to customers who are also occupying rooms at our hotel properties. as a result, occupancy affects all components of our owned and leased hotel revenues.
•   management and franchise fees and other. represents revenues derived from management fees earned from hotels and timeshare properties managed by us, franchise fees received in connection with the franchising of our brands and other revenue generated by the incidental support of hotel operations for owned, leased, managed and franchised properties and other rental income.
•   terms of our management agreements vary, but our fees generally consist of a base fee, which is typically a percentage of each hotel's gross revenue, and in some cases an incentive fee, which is based on gross operating profits, cash flow or a combination thereof. management fees from timeshare properties are generally a fixed amount as stated in the management agreement. outside of the u.s., our fees are often more dependent on hotel profitability measures, either through a single management fee structure where the entire fee is based on a profitability measure, or because our two-tier fee structure is more heavily weighted toward the incentive fee than the base fee. additionally, we receive one-time upfront fees upon execution of certain management contracts. in general, the hotel owner pays all operating and other expenses and reimburses our out-of-pocket expenses.
•   under our franchise agreements, franchisees pay us franchise fees which consist of initial application and initiation fees for new hotels entering the system and monthly royalty fees, generally calculated as a percentage of room revenues. royalty fees for our full-service brands may also include a percentage of gross food and beverage revenues and other revenues, where applicable. in addition to the franchise application and royalty fees, franchisees also generally pay a monthly program fee based on a percentage of the total gross room revenue that covers the cost of advertising and marketing programs; internet, technology and reservation system expenses; and quality assurance program costs.
•   timeshare. represents revenues derived from the sale and financing of timeshare intervals and revenues from enrollments and other fees, rentals of timeshare units, food and beverage sales and other ancillary services at our timeshare properties and fees, which we refer to as resort operations. additionally, in recent years, we began a transformation of our timeshare business to a capital light model in which third-party timeshare owners and developers provide capital for development while we act as the sales and marketing agent and property manager. through these transactions, we receive a sales and marketing commission and branding fees on sales of timeshare intervals, recurring fees to operate the homeowners' associations and revenues from resort operations.
•   other revenues from managed and franchised properties. these revenues represent the payroll and its related costs for properties that we manage where the property employees are legally our responsibility, as well as certain other operating costs of the managed and franchised properties' operations, marketing expenses and other expenses associated with our brands and shared services that are contractually either reimbursed to us by the property owners or paid from fees collected in advance from these properties when the costs are incurred. we have no legal responsibility for employees at franchised properties. the corresponding expenses are presented as other expenses from managed and franchised properties in our consolidated statements of operations resulting in no effect on operating income or net income.
•   consumer demand and global economic conditions. consumer demand for our products and services is closely linked to the performance of the general economy and is sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels. declines in consumer demand due to adverse general economic conditions, risks affecting or reducing travel patterns, lower consumer confidence and adverse political conditions can lower the revenues and profitability of our owned and leased operations and the amount of management and franchise fee revenues we are able to generate from our managed and franchised properties. further, competition for hotel guests and the supply of hotel services affect our ability to increase rates charged to customers at our hotels. also, declines in hotel profitability during an economic downturn directly affect the incentive portion of our management fees, which is based on hotel profit measures. our timeshare segment also is linked to cycles in the general economy and consumer discretionary spending. as a result, changes in consumer demand and general business cycles can subject and have subjected our revenues to significant volatility.
•   agreements with third-party owners and franchisees and relationships with developers. we depend on our long-term management and franchise agreements with third-party owners and franchisees for a significant portion of our management and franchise fee revenues. the success and sustainability of our management and franchise business depends on our ability to perform under our management and franchise agreements and maintain good relationships with third-party owners and franchisees. our relationships with these third parties also generate new relationships with developers and opportunities for property development that can support our growth. growth and maintenance of our hotel system and earning fees relating to hotels in the pipeline are dependent on the ability of developers and owners to access capital for the development, maintenance and renovation of properties. we believe that we have good relationships with our third-party owners, franchisees and developers and are committed to the continued growth and
development of these relationships. these relationships exist with a diverse group of owners, franchisees and developers and are not significantly concentrated with any particular third party. additionally, in recent years we have entered into sales and marketing agreements to sell timeshare intervals on behalf of third-party developers. our supply of third-party developed timeshare intervals was approximately 109,000, or 82 percent of our total supply, as of december 31, 2014. we expect sales and marketing agreements with third-party developers and resort operations to comprise a growing percentage of our timeshare revenue and revenues derived from the sale and financing of timeshare intervals developed by us to comprise a smaller percentage of our timeshare revenue in future periods, consistent with our strategy to focus our business on the management aspects and deploy less of our capital to asset construction.
•   owned and leased hotels. owned and leased hotel expenses reflect the operating expenses of our consolidated owned and leased hotels, including room expense, food and beverage costs, other support costs and property expenses. room expense includes compensation costs for housekeeping, laundry and front desk staff and supply costs for guest room amenities and laundry. food and beverage costs include costs for wait and kitchen staff and food and beverage products. other support expenses consist of costs associated with property-level management, utilities, sales and marketing, operating hotel spas, telephones, parking and other guest recreation, entertainment and services. property expenses include property taxes, repairs and maintenance, rent and insurance.
•   timeshare. timeshare expenses include the cost of inventory sold during the period, sales and marketing expenses, resort operations expenses and other overhead expenses associated with our timeshare business.
•   depreciation and amortization. these are non-cash expenses that primarily consist of depreciation of fixed assets such as buildings, furniture, fixtures and equipment at our consolidated owned and leased hotels, as well as certain corporate assets. amortization expense primarily consists of amortization of our management and franchise intangibles, which are amortized over their estimated useful lives. additionally, we amortize capitalized software over the estimated useful life of the software.
•   general, administrative and other expenses. general, administrative and other expenses consist primarily of compensation expense for our corporate staff and personnel supporting our business segments (including divisional offices that support our management and franchise segment), professional fees (including consulting, audit and legal fees), travel and entertainment expenses, bad debt expenses for uncollected management, franchise and other fees, contractual performance obligations and office administrative and related expenses. expenses incurred by our supply management business, laundry facilities and other ancillary businesses are also included in general, administrative and other expenses.
•   impairment losses. we hold significant amounts of goodwill, amortizing and non-amortizing intangible assets and long-lived assets. we evaluate these assets for impairment as further discussed in "-critical accounting policies and estimates." these evaluations have, in the past, resulted in impairment losses for certain of these assets based on the specific facts and circumstances surrounding the assets and our estimates of fair value. based on economic conditions or other factors at a property-specific or company-wide level, we may be required to take additional impairment losses to reflect further declines in our asset values.
•   other expenses from managed and franchised properties. these expenses represent the payroll and its related costs for properties that we manage where the property employees are legally our responsibility, as well as certain other operating costs of the managed and franchised properties' operations, marketing expenses and other expenses associated with our brands and shared services that are contractually either reimbursed to us by the property owners or paid from fees collected in advance from these properties when the costs are incurred. we have no legal responsibility for the employees at our franchised properties. the corresponding revenues are presented as other revenues from managed and franchised properties in our consolidated statements of operations resulting in no effect on operating income or net income.
•   fixed expenses. many of the expenses associated with managing, franchising and owning hotels and timeshare resorts are relatively fixed. these expenses include personnel costs, rent, property taxes, insurance and utilities, as well as sales and marketing expenses for our timeshare segment. if we are unable to decrease these costs significantly or rapidly when demand for our hotels and other properties decreases, the resulting decline in our revenues can have an adverse effect on our net cash flow, margins and profits. this effect can be especially pronounced during periods of economic contraction or slow economic growth. economic downturns generally affect the results of our owned and leased hotel segment more significantly than the results of our management and franchising segments due to the high fixed costs associated with operating an owned or leased hotel. the effectiveness of any cost-cutting efforts is limited by the fixed costs inherent in our business. as a result, we may not be able to offset revenue reductions through cost cutting. employees at some of our owned and leased hotels are parties to collective bargaining agreements that may also limit our ability to make timely staffing or labor changes in response to declining revenues. in addition, any efforts to reduce costs, or to defer or cancel capital improvements, could adversely affect the economic value of our hotels and brands. we have taken steps to reduce our fixed costs to levels we feel are appropriate to maximize profitability and respond to market conditions without jeopardizing the overall customer experience or the value of our hotels or brands. also, a significant portion of our costs to support our timeshare business relates to direct sales and marketing of these units. in periods of decreased demand for timeshare intervals, we may be unable to reduce our sales and marketing expenses quickly enough to prevent a deterioration of our profit margins on our timeshare business.
•   changes in depreciation and amortization expense. changes in depreciation expense may be driven by renovations of existing hotels, acquisition or development of new hotels, the disposition of existing hotels through sale or closure, or changes in estimates of the useful lives of our assets. as we place new assets into service, we will be required to record additional depreciation expense on those assets. additionally, we capitalize costs associated with certain software development projects, and as those projects are completed and placed into service, amortization expense will increase.
other items effect of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations significant portions of our operations are conducted in functional currencies other than our reporting currency, which is the u.s. dollar ("usd"), and we have assets and liabilities denominated in a variety of foreign currencies. as a result, we are required to translate those results, assets and liabilities from the functional currency into usd at market based exchange rates for each reporting period. when comparing our results of operations between periods, there may be material portions of the changes in our revenues or expenses that are derived from fluctuations in exchange rates experienced between those periods.
seasonality the lodging industry is seasonal in nature. however, the periods during which our hotels experience higher or lower levels of demand vary from property to property and depend upon location, type of property and competitive mix within the specific location. based on historical results, we generally expect our revenue to be lower during the first calendar quarter of each year than during each of the three subsequent quarters, with the fourth quarter producing the strongest revenues of the year.
key business and financial metrics used by management comparable hotels we define our comparable hotels as those that: (i) were active and operating in our system for at least one full calendar year as of the end of the current period, and open january 1st of the previous year; (ii) have not undergone a change in brand or ownership type during the current or comparable periods reported; and (iii) have not sustained substantial property damage, business interruption, undergone large-scale capital projects or for which comparable results are not available. of the 4,278 hotels in our system as of december 31, 2014, 3,514 have been classified as comparable hotels. our 764 non-comparable hotels included 73 properties, or less than two percent of the total hotels in our system, that were removed from the comparable group during the last year because they sustained substantial property damage, business interruption, undergone large-scale capital projects or comparable results were not available. of the 4,073 hotels in our system as of december 31, 2013, 3,548 were classified as comparable hotels for the year ended december 31, 2013.
occupancy occupancy represents the total number of room nights sold divided by the total number of room nights available at a hotel or group of hotels. occupancy measures the utilization of our hotels' available capacity. management uses occupancy to gauge demand at a specific hotel or group of hotels in a given period. occupancy levels also help us determine achievable adr levels as demand for hotel rooms increases or decreases.
average daily rate adr represents hotel room revenue divided by total number of room nights sold in a given period. adr measures average room price attained by a hotel and adr trends provide useful information concerning the pricing environment and the nature of the customer base of a hotel or group of hotels. adr is a commonly used performance measure in the industry, and we use adr to assess pricing levels that we are able to generate by type of customer, as changes in rates have a different effect on overall revenues and incremental profitability than changes in occupancy, as described above.
revenue per available room we calculate revpar by dividing hotel room revenue by room nights available to guests for a given period. we consider revpar to be a meaningful indicator of our performance as it provides a metric correlated to two primary and key drivers of operations at our hotels: occupancy and adr. revpar is also a useful indicator in measuring performance over comparable periods for comparable hotels.
ebitda and adjusted ebitda ebitda, presented herein, is a financial measure that is not recognized under united states of america ("u.s.") generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") that reflects net income attributable to hilton stockholders, excluding interest expense, a provision for income taxes and depreciation and amortization. we consider ebitda to be a useful measure of operating performance, due to the significance of our long-lived assets and level of indebtedness.
adjusted ebitda, presented herein, is calculated as ebitda, as previously defined, further adjusted to exclude certain gains, losses and expenses in connection with: (i) asset dispositions for both consolidated and unconsolidated investments; (ii) foreign currency transactions; (iii) debt restructurings/retirements; (iv) non-cash impairment losses; (v) furniture, fixtures and equipment ("ff&e") replacement reserves required under certain lease agreements; (vi) reorganization costs; (vii) share-based and certain other compensation expenses prior to and in connection with our ipo; (viii) severance, relocation and other expenses; and (ix) other items.
ebitda and adjusted ebitda are not recognized terms under u.s. gaap and should not be considered as alternatives to net income (loss) or other measures of financial performance or liquidity derived in accordance with u.s. gaap. in addition, our definitions of ebitda and adjusted ebitda may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.
we believe that ebitda and adjusted ebitda provide useful information to investors about us and our financial condition and results of operations for the following reasons: (i) ebitda and adjusted ebitda are among the measures used by our management team to evaluate our operating performance and make day-to-day operating decisions; and (ii) ebitda and adjusted ebitda are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties as a common performance measure to compare results or estimate valuations across companies in our industry.
ebitda and adjusted ebitda have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered either in isolation or as a substitute for net income (loss), cash flow or other methods of analyzing our results as reported under u.s. gaap. some of these limitations are:
•   ebitda and adjusted ebitda do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs;
•   ebitda and adjusted ebitda do not reflect our interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our indebtedness;
•   ebitda and adjusted ebitda do not reflect our tax expense or the cash requirements to pay our taxes;
•   ebitda and adjusted ebitda do not reflect historical cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments;
•   ebitda and adjusted ebitda do not reflect the effect on earnings or changes resulting from matters that we consider not to be indicative of our future operations;
•   although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and ebitda and adjusted ebitda do not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; and
•   other companies in our industry may calculate ebitda and adjusted ebitda differently, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures.
because of these limitations, ebitda and adjusted ebitda should not be considered as discretionary cash available to us to reinvest in the growth of our business or as measures of cash that will be available to us to meet our obligations.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2014 compared with year ended december 31, 2013
during the year ended december 31, 2014, we experienced revpar increases in all segments and regions of our business, with occupancy and rate increases in all regions except middle east and africa, where rates declined and market demand increased over 2013.
as of december 31, 2014, we had 40 consolidated owned and leased hotels located in the u.s., comprising 25,276 rooms. the increase in revenues from our u.s. owned and leased hotels was primarily a result of an increase in revpar at our u.s. comparable owned and leased hotels of 6.9 percent, which was due to increases in occupancy and adr of 1.7 percentage points and 4.6 percent, respectively. the increase in revpar at our u.s. comparable owned and leased hotels was attributable to increases in both transient guests and group business. in addition, food and beverage revenues increased 7.0 percent, primarily as a result of increased spending by group customers.
the addition of new hotels to our managed and franchised system also contributed to the growth in revenue. during 2014, we added 29 managed properties on a net basis, contributing an additional 9,142 rooms to our system, as well as 188 franchised properties on a net basis, providing an additional 28,636 rooms to our system. as new hotels are established in our system, we expect the fees received from such hotels to increase as they are part of our system for full periods.
timeshare sales revenue increased $23 million as a result of increases in commissions recognized from the sale of third-party developed intervals of approximately $47 million, partially offset by a decrease of approximately $24 million in revenue from the sale of timeshare intervals developed by us, primarily resulting from the deferral of revenue recognition due to sales of developed projects that are partially complete. we expect the decline in sales of our owned timeshare inventory to continue as we further develop our capital light timeshare business with a focus on selling timeshare intervals on behalf of third-party developers. resort operations revenue increased approximately $37 million resulting from increased transient rentals.
fluctuations in operating expenses at our owned and leased hotels can relate to various factors, including changes in occupancy levels, labor costs, utilities, taxes and insurance costs. the change in the number of occupied room nights directly affects certain variable expenses, which include payroll, supplies and other operating expenses.
the increase in international owned and leased hotels operating expenses included a favorable movement in foreign currency rates of $9 million; on a currency neutral basis, operating expenses increased $27 million. the increase resulted from the opening of a new property in 2014, which had operating expenses of $13 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in currency neutral expenses was also a result of a benefit of $11 million recognized as a reduction in rent expense during the year ended december 31, 2013 relating to a termination payment received for one of our properties with a ground lease.
timeshare sales expense increased $32 million primarily as a result of increased sales and marketing expenses, most significantly related to our capital light timeshare business.
the increase in depreciation and amortization expense was a result of increased amortization expense of $30 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, which was primarily a result of capitalized software costs placed into service during and after 2013. depreciation expense decreased $5 million in 2014, primarily as a result of $10 million in accelerated depreciation recognized in 2013 resulting from a lease termination at one of our properties, offset by additional depreciation expense from our owned and leased hotels resulting from assets placed in service during and after 2013.
general and administrative expenses consist of our corporate operations, compensation and related expenses, including share-based compensation, and other operating costs. general and administrative expenses were $416 million and $697 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, as a result of a $281 million decrease in share-based compensation expense issued prior to and in connection with our ipo. we incurred $306 million of share-based compensation expense related to the conversion of our executive compensation plan concurrent with our ipo during the fourth quarter of 2013.
other expenses for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 were $75 million and $51 million, respectively. the increase of $24 million was primarily from our purchasing operations, which is consistent with the increase in revenues from our purchasing operations.
interest expense remained relatively unchanged from 2013. our overall borrowing rate increased based on a series of transactions occurring in october 2013, collectively referred to as the "debt refinancing"; however, we reduced our outstanding borrowings during 2014. see note 13: "debt" in our consolidated financial statements for further discussion. additionally, interest expense included the accelerated amortization of $13 million and $23 million of debt issuance costs and original issue discount related to voluntary prepayments on our term loan facility (the "term loans") during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates   $19                     $16               18.8
the increase in equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates were primarily a result of improved performance of our unconsolidated affiliates.
the net gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions was primarily a result of changes in foreign currency rates on our short-term cross-currency intercompany loans, which are primarily denominated in british pound sterling ("gbp") and australian dollar ("aud"). both gbp and aud weakened against the usd during the year ended december 31, 2014, resulting in a gain on foreign currency transactions. further, in 2014 we designated certain gbp denominated intercompany loan receivables as long-term, limiting our exposure to changes in the gbp currency rate. this resulted in $81 million in losses included in other comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended december 31, 2014 that would have otherwise been included in gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions.
the other gain, net for the year ended december 31, 2014 was primarily related to a pre-tax gain of $23 million resulting from an equity investments exchange; see note 3: "acquisitions" in our consolidated financial statements, as well as pre-tax gains of $13 million resulting from the sale of two hotels and a vacant parcel of land.
the other gain, net for the year ended december 31, 2013 was primarily related to a capital lease restructuring by one of our consolidated variable interest entities ("vies") during the period. the revised terms reduced the future minimum lease payments, resulting in a reduction of the capital lease obligation and a residual amount, which was recorded in other gain, net.
the increase in income tax expense was primarily the result of an increase in u.s. federal and state taxes as a result of higher taxable income. additionally, during the year ended december 31, 2013, we released valuation allowances against certain foreign and state deferred tax assets, which provided a tax benefit of $121 million. refer to note 19: "income taxes" in
segment results we evaluate our business segment operating performance using segment adjusted ebitda, as described in note 24: "business segments" in our consolidated financial statements. refer to those financial statements for a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to net income attributable to hilton stockholders. for a discussion of our definition of ebitda and adjusted ebitda, how management uses it to manage our business and material limitations on its usefulness, refer to "-key business and financial metrics used by management". the following table sets forth revenues and adjusted ebitda by segment, reconciled to consolidated amounts:
adjusted ebitda:
adjusted ebitda                                            $2,508                  $2,210                        13.5
ownership ownership segment revenues increased $196 million as a result of an improvement in revpar of 5.6 percent at our comparable owned and leased hotels. refer to "-results of operations-year ended december 31, 2014 compared with year ended december 31, 2013-revenues-owned and leased hotels" for further discussion on the increase in revenues from our owned and leased hotels. our ownership segment's adjusted ebitda increased $73 million primarily as a result of the increase in ownership segment revenues, offset by an increase in operating expenses at our owned and leased hotels of $105 million. refer to "-results of operations-year ended december 31, 2014 compared with year ended december 31, 2013-operating expenses-owned and leased hotels" for further discussion on the increase in operating expenses.
management and franchise refer to "-results of operations-year ended december 31, 2014 compared with year ended december 31, 2013-revenues-management and franchise and other" for further discussion on the increase in revenues from our managed and franchised properties. our management and franchise segment's adjusted ebitda increased as a result of the increase in management and franchise segment revenues.
timeshare refer to "-results of operations-year ended december 31, 2014 compared with year ended december 31, 2013-revenues-timeshare" for a discussion of the increase in revenues from our timeshare segment. our timeshare segment's adjusted ebitda increased $37 million primarily as a result of the $62 million increase in timeshare revenue, offset by a $37 million increase in timeshare operating expense. refer to "-results of operations-year ended december 31, 2014 compared with year ended december 31, 2013-operating expenses-timeshare" for a discussion of the decrease in operating expenses from our timeshare segment.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared with year ended december 31, 2012
the addition of new hotels to our managed and franchised system also contributed to the growth in revenue. during 2013, we added 45 managed properties on a net basis, contributing an additional 10,196 rooms to our system, as well as 108 franchised properties on a net basis, providing an additional 16,084 rooms to our system. as new hotels are established in our system, we expect the fees received from such hotels to increase as they are part of our system for full periods.
timeshare sales revenue increased $6 million as a result of an increase of approximately $63 million in sales commissions generated from projects developed by third parties. this increase was offset by a decrease of approximately $57 million in revenue from the sale of timeshare intervals developed by us resulting from lower sales volume, which we expect to continue as we further develop our capital light timeshare business with a focus on selling timeshare intervals on behalf of third-party developers. the increase of approximately $9 million in revenue from our resort operations was primarily as a result of increases in club fees and room rentals. financing and other revenues increased approximately $9 million primarily as a result of increases in portfolio interest income.
fluctuations in operating expenses at our owned and leased hotels can be related to various factors, including changes in occupancy levels, labor costs, utilities, taxes and insurance costs. the change in the number of occupied room nights directly affects certain variable expenses, which include payroll, supplies and other operating expenses.
the increase in u.s. owned and leased hotels expenses was a result of increased occupancy levels, which resulted in an increase in variable operating expenses, including labor and utility costs.
the decrease in international owned and leased hotel expenses was in part a result of foreign currency movements, which contributed $49 million of the decrease, as international owned and leased hotel expenses, on a currency neutral basis, decreased $74 million. the decrease in currency neutral expenses was primarily as a result of the expiration of operating leases and sales of certain properties in 2012, as well as cost mitigation strategies and operational efficiencies employed at all of our owned and leased properties.
timeshare sales expense decreased $36 million primarily as a result of lower sales volume at our developed properties resulting in lower cost of sales, offset by an increase in sales and marketing expenses, most significantly related to the shift towards our capital light timeshare business.
depreciation expense increased $28 million primarily due to $254 million in capital expenditures during the year ended december 31, 2013, resulting in additional depreciation expense on certain owned and leased assets in 2013. amortization expense increased $25 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily as a result of capitalized software costs that were placed into service during the fourth quarter of 2012.
during the year ended december 31, 2012, certain markets and properties faced operating and competitive challenges. such challenges caused a decline in expected future results of certain owned and leased properties and in the market value of certain corporate buildings, which caused us to evaluate the carrying values of these affected properties for impairment. as a result of our evaluation, we recognized impairment losses of $42 million related to our owned and leased hotels, $11 million of impairment losses related to certain corporate office facilities and $1 million of impairment losses related to one cost method investment.
general and administrative expenses were $697 million and $398 million for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the increase of $299 million was primarily as a result of share-based compensation expense of approximately $306 million related to the conversion of our executive compensation plan concurrent with our ipo during the fourth quarter of 2013. other expenses for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 were $51 million and $62 million, respectively. the decrease of $11 million was primarily as a result of a reduction in payments required under performance guarantees on certain managed properties between periods.
equity in earnings (losses) from unconsolidated affiliates   $16                     $(11        )     nm(1)
the $27 million increase in equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates was primarily a result of $19 million of impairment losses on our equity method investments recognized during the year ended december 31, 2012. additionally, many of our equity method investments experienced improved operating performance, resulting in an increase in the equity in earnings from these unconsolidated affiliates.
the other gain, net for the year ended december 31, 2013 was primarily related to a capital lease restructuring by one of our consolidated vies during the period. the revised terms reduced the future minimum lease payments, resulting in a reduction of the capital lease obligation and a residual amount, which was recorded in other gain, net.
the other gain, net for the year ended december 31, 2012 was primarily related to the pre-tax gain of $5 million resulting from the sale of our interest in an investment in affiliate accounted for under the equity method, as well as a $6 million gain resulting from the resolution of certain contingencies relating to historical asset sales.
the $24 million increase in income tax expense was primarily the result of an increase in u.s. federal and foreign taxes as a result of higher taxable income, partially offset by the benefit of releasing $121 million of valuation allowances against certain foreign and state deferred tax assets during the year ended december 31, 2013. refer to note 19: "income taxes" in our consolidated financial statements for a reconciliation of our tax provision at the u.s. statutory rate to our provision for income taxes.
segment results the following table sets forth revenues and adjusted ebitda by segment, reconciled to consolidated amounts:
adjusted ebitda:
adjusted ebitda                                            $2,210                  $1,956                        13.0
ownership ownership segment revenues increased $69 million primarily as a result of an improvement in revpar of 4.6 percent at our comparable owned and leased hotels. refer to "-results of operations-year ended december 31, 2013 compared with year ended december 31, 2012-revenues-owned and leased hotels" for further discussion on the increase in revenues from our owned and leased hotels. our ownership segment's adjusted ebitda increased $133 million primarily as a result of the increase in ownership segment revenues and the decrease in operating expenses at our owned and leased hotels of $83 million. refer to "-results of operations-year ended december 31, 2013 compared with year ended december 31, 2012-operating expenses-owned and leased hotels" for further discussion on the decrease in operating expenses.
management and franchise refer to "-results of operations-year ended december 31, 2013 compared with year ended december 31, 2012-revenues-management and franchise and other" for further discussion on the increase in revenues from our managed and franchised properties. our management and franchise segment's adjusted ebitda increased as a result of the increase in management and franchise segment revenues.
timeshare refer to "-results of operations-year ended december 31, 2013 compared with year ended december 31, 2012-revenues-timeshare" for a discussion of the increase in revenues from our timeshare segment. our timeshare segment's adjusted ebitda increased $45 million primarily as a result of the $24 million increase in timeshare revenue and the $28 million decrease in timeshare operating expense. refer to "-results of operations-year ended december 31, 2013 compared with year ended december 31, 2012-operating expenses-timeshare" for a discussion of the decrease in operating expenses from our timeshare segment.
supplemental financial data for unrestricted u.s. real estate subsidiaries as of december 31, 2014, we owned majority or controlling financial interests in 52 hotels, representing 28,156 rooms. see "part i-item 2. properties" for more information on each of our owned hotels. of these owned properties, 29 hotels, including the waldorf astoria new york, representing an aggregate of 21,261 rooms as of december 31, 2014, were owned by subsidiaries that we collectively refer to as our "unrestricted u.s. real estate subsidiaries." the properties held by our unrestricted u.s. real estate subsidiaries secure a $3.5 billion commercial mortgage-backed securities loan secured by 23 u.s. owned real estate assets (the "cmbs loan"), a $525 million mortgage loan secured by the waldorf astoria new york (the "waldorf astoria loan") and a $64 million mortgage loan secured by five other properties, are not included in the c
ollateral securing our borrowings under our senior secured credit facility (the "senior secured credit facility") and the unrestricted u.s. real estate subsidiaries do not guarantee obligations under our senior secured credit facility or our $1.5 billion of 5.625% senior notes due 2021 (the "senior notes"). in addition, the unrestricted u.s. real estate subsidiaries are not subject to any of the restrictive covenants in the indenture that governs our senior notes. for further discussion, see "-liquidity and capital resources" and note 13: "debt" in our consolidated financial statements.
in february 2015, we completed the sale of the waldorf astoria new york and repaid the waldorf astoria loan in full. in addition, in february 2015 we also acquired five properties that will be considered unrestricted u.s. real estate subsidiaries. for further discussion see note 30: "subsequent events" in our consolidated financial statements.
we have included this supplemental financial data to comply with certain financial information requirements regarding our unrestricted u.s. real estate subsidiaries set forth in the indenture that governs our senior notes. for the year ended december 31, 2014, the unrestricted u.s. real estate subsidiaries represented 19.3 percent of our total revenues, 23.2 percent of net income attributable to hilton stockholders and 24.4 percent of our adjusted ebitda, and as of december 31, 2014, represented 33.3 percent of our total assets and 31.4 percent of our total liabilities.
the following table presents supplemental unaudited financial data, as required by the indenture, for our unrestricted u.s. real estate subsidiaries:
capital expenditures for property and equipment         150                   134                   264
adjusted ebitda(1)                                      612                   560                   464
operating activities                                    436                   364                   343
investing activities                                   (147    )             (162    )             (264    )
financing activities                                   (308    )             (186    )              (64    )
(1)   the following table provides a reconciliation of our unrestricted u.s. real estate subsidiaries' ebitda and adjusted ebitda to net income attributable to hilton stockholders, which we believe is the most closely comparable u.s. gaap measure.
adjusted ebitda                                     $612                $560                $464
other adjustment items                                (3    )            (13    )             (7    )
ebitda                                               632        547                 457
(1)   other gain, net on the unrestricted u.s. real estate subsidiaries reflects a $23 million pre-tax gain recognized as a result of an equity investments exchange which occurred in the third quarter of 2014. see note 3: "acquisitions" in our consolidated financial statements.
the following table presents supplemental unaudited financial data, as required by the indenture, for our unrestricted u.s. real estate subsidiaries:
liabilities       6,713               6,496
liquidity and capital resources overview as of december 31, 2014, we had total cash and cash equivalents of $768 million, including $202 million of restricted cash and cash equivalents. the majority of our restricted cash and cash equivalents balances relates to cash collateral on our self-insurance programs and escrowed cash from our timeshare operations.
our known short-term liquidity requirements primarily consist of funds necessary to pay for operating expenses and other expenditures, including corporate expenses, payroll and related benefits, legal costs, operating costs associated with the management of hotels, interest and scheduled principal payments on our outstanding indebtedness, contract acquisition costs and capital expenditures for renovations and maintenance at our owned and leased hotels. our long-term liquidity requirements primarily consist of funds necessary to pay for scheduled debt maturities, capital improvements at our owned and leased hotels, purchase commitments, costs associated with potential acquisitions and corporate capital expenditures.
we finance our business activities primarily with existing cash and cash generated from our operations. we believe that this cash will be adequate to meet anticipated requirements for operating expenses and other expenditures, including corporate expenses, payroll and related benefits, legal costs and purchase commitments for the foreseeable future. the objectives of our cash management policy are to maintain the availability of liquidity, minimize operational costs and use available cash to pay down our outstanding debt. further, we have an investment policy that is focused on the preservation of capital and maximizing the return on new and existing investments across all three of our business segments. additionally, we have no amounts drawn on our $1.0 billion revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility"). as of december 31, 2014, we have the ability to borrow up to $955 million after giving effect to $45 million of outstanding letters of credit under our revolving credit facility.
recent events affecting our liquidity and capital resources in february 2015, we completed the sale of the waldorf astoria new york for a purchase price of $1.95 billion and received $1.34 billion in net proceeds after giving effect to the payoff in full of outstanding amounts under the $525 million mortgage loan on the waldorf astoria new york and certain prorations, adjustments and transaction expenses. in addition, we acquired five properties for a total purchase price of $1.76 billion, including the assumption of a $450 million mortgage loan secured by two of the properties. this mortgage loan is scheduled to mature in april 2018, but may be extended by one year at the borrower's option, subject to customary conditions. the interest rate payable on the mortgage loan is one-month libor plus 3.5 percent. if the mortgage loan is prepaid prior to may 1, 2015, there is a 1.0 percent prepayment fee; between may 1 and november 1, 2015, the prepayment fee is 0.5 percent. the mortgage loan is non-recourse to the borrower, subject to specified customary carve-outs.
sources and uses of our cash and cash equivalents the following table summarizes our net cash flows and key metrics related to our liquidity:
net cash provided by operating activities      $1,366                  $2,101                  $1,110                    (35.0)                   89.3
net cash used in investing activities            (310     )              (382     )              (558     )              (18.9)                 (31.5)
net cash used in financing activities          (1,070     )            (1,863     )              (576     )              (42.6)                  nm(1)
working capital surplus(2)                        242         241                                 478                       0.4                 (49.6)
(2)   total current assets less total current liabilities.
our ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 1.11, 1.11 and 1.20 as of december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
operating activities cash flow from operating activities is primarily generated from management and franchise revenues, operating income from our owned and leased hotels and resorts and sales of timeshare intervals. in a recessionary market, we may experience significant declines in travel and, thus, declines in demand for our hotel and resort rooms and timeshare intervals. a decline in demand could have a material effect on our cash flow from operating activities.
net cash provided by operating activities was $1,366 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to $2,101 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the $735 million decrease was attributable to an increase in cash paid for taxes of $196 million during the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, due to higher taxable income in 2014, as well as a decrease in deferred revenues as of december 31, 2014. in 2013, we collected $650 million from the sales of hilton hhonors points, most of which was deferred revenue as of december 31, 2013. these were offset by a decrease in cash paid for interest of $21 million in 2014 compared to 2013 and other favorable timing differences in cash generated from operating activities.
the net $991 million increase in cash provided by operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2013, compared to the year ended december 31, 2012, was primarily due to $650 million received from the hilton hhonors points sales, which increased our deferred revenues, and improved operating income, excluding non-cash share-based compensation expense of $262 million. net cash provided by operating activities also increased during the year ended december 31, 2013 as a result of the releases of $42 million in collateral against outstanding letters of credit and $20 million of restricted cash from our timeshare operations. additionally, during the year ended december 31, 2012, our cash provided by operating activities was reduced by $76 million for collateral required to support potential future contributions to certain of our employee benefit plans. for further discussion, see note 20: "employee benefit plans" in our consolidated financial statements.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities during the year ended december 31, 2014 was $310 million, compared to $382 million during the year ended december 31, 2013. the $72 million decrease in net cash used in investing activities was primarily attributable to $44 million in proceeds from asset dispositions in the year ended december 31, 2014, related to the sale of two hotels, a land parcel and land and easement rights. additionally, there were no acquisitions in 2014, while during the year ended december 31, 2013, there were acquisitions of $30 million for a parcel of land and a hotel.
the $176 million decrease in net cash used in investing activities during the year ended december 31, 2013, compared to the year ended december 31, 2012, was primarily attributable to a decrease in capital expenditures for property and equipment of $179 million, as a result of the completion of renovations at certain of our owned and leased properties in 2012, and a decrease in software capitalization costs of $25 million, as a result of corporate software projects that were completed in 2012. additionally, there was an increase in distributions from unconsolidated affiliates of $25 million, primarily related to the sales of our interests in two joint venture entities. the decrease in net cash used in investing activities was partially offset by an
increase in acquisitions of $30 million, primarily due to the acquisition of a parcel of land that we previously held under a long-term ground lease for $28 million.
for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we capitalized labor costs relating to our investing activities, including capital expenditures and software development, of $9 million, $15 million and $14 million, respectively.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2014 was $1,070 million, compared to $1,863 million during the year ended december 31, 2013. the $793 million decrease was due to a decrease in net repayments of debt of $2,041 million. the higher net repayments of debt in 2013 was primarily due to the debt refinancing. additionally, in december 2013 we received $1,243 million in net proceeds from issuance of common stock from our ipo.
net cash used in financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2013 increased $1,287 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2012 due to a $2,357 million increase in net repayments of debt, primarily related to an increase in unscheduled, voluntary debt repayments on our senior mortgage loans and secured mezzanine loans (the "secured debt"), the repayment of the secured debt in connection with the debt refinancing and unscheduled, voluntary repayments of $350 million on our term loans subsequent to the debt refinancing. the increase in net debt repayments was offset by $1,243 million in proceeds from our ipo, which was used to repay amounts outstanding on our term loans. additionally, we paid $180 million of debt issuance costs related to the debt refinancing.
capital expenditures our capital expenditures for property and equipment of $268 million, $254 million and $433 million made during the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, primarily included expenditures related to the renovation of existing owned and leased properties and our corporate facilities. our software capitalization costs of $69 million, $78 million and $103 million during the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 related to various systems initiatives for the benefit of our hotel owners and our overall corporate operations.
senior secured credit facility our revolving credit facility provides for $1.0 billion in borrowings, including the ability to draw up to $150 million in the form of letters of credit. as of december 31, 2014, we had $45 million of letters of credit outstanding on our revolving credit facility, leaving us with a borrowing capacity of $955 million. we are currently required to pay a commitment fee of 0.125 percent per annum under the revolving credit facility in respect of the unused commitments thereunder.
the obligations of the senior secured credit facility are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by us and all of our direct or indirect wholly owned material domestic subsidiaries, excluding our subsidiaries that are prohibited from providing guarantees as a result of the agreements governing our timeshare facility and/or our securitized timeshare debt and our subsidiaries that secure our cmbs loan and our waldorf astoria loan. additionally, none of our foreign subsidiaries or our non-wholly owned domestic subsidiaries guarantee the senior secured credit facility.
if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt, we may be required to reduce capital expenditures, issue additional equity securities or draw on our revolving credit facility. our ability to make scheduled principal payments and to pay interest on our debt depends on the future performance of our operations, which is subject to general conditions in or affecting the hotel and timeshare industries that are beyond our control.
letters of credit we had a total of $45 million and $51 million in letters of credit outstanding as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, the majority of which were outstanding under the revolving credit facility and related to our guarantees on debt and other obligations of third parties and self-insurance programs. the maturities of the letters of credit were within one year as of december 31, 2014.
capital lease obligations recourse                              181                      15                      12                    12                       142
purchase commitments                   79                      23                      49                     1                         6
(1)   the initial maturity date of the $862 million variable-rate component of the cmbs loan is november 1, 2015. we have assumed all extensions, which are solely at our option, were exercised.
the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of december 31, 2014 was $401 million. these amounts are excluded from the table above because they are uncertain and subject to the findings of the taxing authorities in the jurisdictions where we are subject to tax. it is possible that the amount of the liability for unrecognized tax benefits could change during the next year. refer to note 19: "income taxes" in our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our liability for unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to the purchase commitments in the table above, in the normal course of business we enter into purchase commitments for which we are reimbursed by the owners of our managed and franchised hotels. these obligations have minimal or no effect on our net income and cash flow.
off-balance sheet arrangements our off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2014 included letters of credit of $45 million, guarantees of $25 million for debt and obligations of third parties, performance guarantees with possible cash outlays totaling approximately $119 million, of which we have accrued $45 million as of december 31, 2014 for estimated probable exposure, and construction contract commitments of approximately $68 million for capital expenditures at our owned, leased and consolidated vie hotels. our contracts contain clauses that allow us to cancel all or some portion of the work. if cancellation of a contract occurred, our commitment would be any costs incurred up to the cancellation date, in addition to any costs associated with the discharge of the contract. additionally, during 2010, in conjunction with a lawsuit settlement, an affiliate of our sponsor entered into service contracts with the plaintiff. as part of the settlement, we entered into a guarantee with the plaintiff to pay any shortfall that this affiliate does not fund related to those service contracts. the remaining potential exposure under this guarantee as of december 31, 2014 was approximately $33 million. see note 25: "commitments and contingencies" in our consolidated financial statements for further discussion on these amounts.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements, the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods and the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes. we believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in note 2: "basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies" in our consolidated financial statements, the following accounting policies are critical because they involve a higher degree of judgment, and the estimates required to be made were based on assumptions that are inherently uncertain. as a result, these accounting policies could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and related disclosures. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates and judgments based on historical experiences and various other factors that are believed to reflect the current circumstances. while we believe our estimates, assumptions and judgments are reasonable, they are based on information presently available. actual
results may differ significantly from these estimates due to changes in judgments, assumptions and conditions as a result of unforeseen events or otherwise, which could have a material effect on our financial position or results of operations.
management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of the board of directors.
property and equipment and intangible assets with finite lives we evaluate the carrying value of our property and equipment and intangible assets with finite lives by comparing the expected undiscounted future cash flows to the net book value of the assets if we determine there are indicators of potential impairment. if it is determined that the expected undiscounted future cash flows are less than the net book value of the assets, the excess of the net book value over the estimated fair value is recorded in our consolidated statements of operations as impairment losses.
•   determine if there are indicators of impairment present. factors we consider when making this determination include assessing the overall effect of trends in the hospitality industry and the general economy, historical experience, capital costs and other asset-specific information;
•   determine the asset fair value when required. in determining the fair value, we often use internally-developed discounted cash flow models. assumptions used in the discounted cash flow models include estimating cash flows, which may require us to adjust for specific market conditions, as well as capitalization rates, which are based on location, property or asset type, market-specific dynamics and overall economic performance. the discount rate takes into account our weighted average cost of capital according to our capital structure and other market specific considerations.
we had $7,483 million of property and equipment, net and $1,980 million of intangible assets with finite lives as of december 31, 2014. changes in estimates and assumptions used in our impairment testing of property and equipment and intangible assets with finite lives could result in future impairment losses, which could be material.
in conjunction with our regular assessment of impairment, we did not identify any property and equipment with indicators of impairment for which a 10 percent reduction in our estimate of undiscounted future cash flows would result in impairment losses. we did not identify any intangible assets with finite lives for which a 10 percent reduction in our estimates of undiscounted future cash flows, projected operating results or other significant assumptions would result in impairment losses.
investments in affiliates we evaluate our investments in affiliates for impairment when there are indicators that the fair value of our investment may be less than our carrying value. we record an impairment loss when we determine there has been an "other-than-temporary" decline in the investment's fair value. if an identified event or change in circumstances requires an evaluation to determine if the value of an investment may have an other-than-temporary decline, we assess the fair value of the investment based on the accepted valuation methods, which include discounted cash flows, estimates of sales proceeds and external appraisals. if an investment's fair value is below its carrying value and the decline is considered to be other-than-temporary, we will recognize an impairment loss in equity in earnings (losses) from unconsolidated affiliates for equity method investments or impairment losses for cost method investments in our consolidated statements of operations.
our investments in affiliates consist primarily of our interests in entities that own and/or operate hotels. as such, the factors we consider when determining if there are indicators of potential impairment are similar to property and equipment discussed above. if there are indicators of potential impairment, we estimate the fair value of our equity method and cost method investments by internally developed discounted cash flow models. the principal factors used in our discounted cash flow models that require judgment are the same as the items discussed in property and equipment above.
in conjunction with our regular assessment of impairment, we did not identify any investments in affiliates with indicators of impairment for which a 10 percent change in our estimates of future cash flows or other significant assumptions would result in material impairment losses.
acquisitions property and equipment are recorded at fair value and allocated to land, buildings and leasehold improvements and furniture and equipment using appraisals and valuations performed by management and independent third parties. fair values are based on the exit price (i.e., the price that would be received to sell an asset or transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date). we evaluate several factors, including market data for similar assets, expected future cash flows discounted at risk adjusted rates and replacement cost for the assets to determine an appropriate exit price when evaluating the fair value of our assets. other assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination are recorded based on the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at acquisition date. changes to these factors could affect the measurement and allocation of fair value.
goodwill we review the carrying value of our goodwill by comparing the carrying value of our reporting units to their fair value. our reporting units are the same as our operating segments as described in note 24: "business segments" in our consolidated financial statements. we perform this evaluation annually or at an interim date if indicators of impairment exist. in any given year we may elect to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. if we cannot determine qualitatively that the fair value is in excess of the carrying value, or we decide to bypass the qualitative assessment, we proceed to the two-step quantitative process. in the first step, we evaluate the fair value of our reporting units quantitatively. when determining fair value, we utilize discounted future cash flow models, as well as market conditions relative to the operations of our reporting units. under the discounted cash flow approach, we utilize various assumptions that require judgment, including projections of revenues and expenses based on estimated long-term growth rates, and discount rates based on weighted average cost of capital. our estimates of long-term growth and costs are based on historical data, as well as various internal projections and external sources. the weighted average cost of capital is estimated based on each reporting units' cost of debt and equity and a selected capital structure. the selected capital structure for each reporting unit is based on consideration of capital structures of comparable publicly traded companies operating in the business of that reporting unit. if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, then the second step must be performed. in the second step, we estimate the implied fair value of goodwill, which is determined by taking the fair value of the reporting unit and allocating it to all of its assets and liabilities, including any unrecognized intangible assets, as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination.
we had $6,154 million of goodwill as of december 31, 2014. changes in the estimates and assumptions used in our goodwill impairment testing could result in future impairment losses, which could be material. a change in our estimates and assumptions that would reduce the fair value of each reporting units by 10 percent would not result in an impairment of any of our reporting units.
brands we evaluate our brand intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis or at other times during the year if events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the brand is below the carrying value. when determining fair value, we utilize discounted future cash flow models for hotels that we manage or franchise. under the discounted cash flow approach, we utilize various assumptions that require judgment, including projections of revenues and expenses based on estimated long-term growth rates and discount rates based on weighted average cost of capital. our estimates of long-term growth and costs are based on historical data, as well as various internal estimates. if a brand's estimated current fair value is less than its respective carrying value, the excess of the carrying value over the estimated fair value is recorded in our consolidated statements of operations within impairment losses.
we had $1,169 million of guest loyalty liability as of december 31, 2014, including $449 million in current liabilities. changes in the estimates used in developing our breakage rate could result in a material change to our guest loyalty liability. a 10 percent decrease to the breakage estimate used in determining future award redemption obligations would increase our guest loyalty liability by approximately $44 million.
allowance for loan losses the allowance for loan losses is related to the receivables generated by our financing of timeshare interval sales, which are secured by the underlying timeshare properties. we determine our timeshare financing receivables to be past due based on the contractual terms of the individual mortgage loans. we use a technique referred to as static pool analysis as the basis for determining our general reserve requirements on our timeshare financing receivables. the adequacy of the related allowance is determined by management through analysis of several factors requiring judgment, such as current economic conditions and industry trends, as well as the specific risk characteristics of the portfolio, including assumed default rates.
income taxes we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using currently enacted tax rates. we regularly review our deferred tax assets to assess their potential realization and establish a valuation allowance for portions of such assets that we believe will not be ultimately realized. in performing this review, we make estimates and assumptions regarding projected future taxable income, the expected timing of reversals of existing temporary differences and the implementation of tax planning strategies. a change in these assumptions may increase or decrease our valuation allowance resulting in an increase or decrease in our effective tax rate, which could materially affect our consolidated financial statements.
we use a prescribed more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return if there is uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the financial statements. assumptions and estimates are used to determine the more-likely-than-not designation. changes to these assumptions and estimates can lead to an additional income tax expense (benefit), which can materially change our consolidated financial statements.
legal contingencies we are subject to various legal proceedings and claims, the outcomes of which are subject to significant uncertainty. an estimated loss from a loss contingency should be accrued by a charge to income if it is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. significant judgment is required when we evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. changes in these factors could materially affect our consolidated financial statements.
consolidations we use judgment when evaluating whether we have a controlling financial interest in our partnerships and other investments, including the assessment of the importance of rights and privileges of the partners based on voting rights, as well as financial interests that are not controllable through voting interests. if the entity is considered to be a vie, we use judgment determining whether we are the primary beneficiary, and then consolidate those vies for which we have determined we are the primary beneficiary. if the entity in which we hold an interest does not meet the definition of a vie, we evaluate whether we have a controlling financial interest through our voting interests in the entity. we consolidate entities when we own more than 50 percent of the voting shares of a company or have a controlling general partner interest of a partnership, assuming the absence of other factors determining control, including the ability of minority owners to participate in or block certain decisions. changes to judgments used in evaluating our partnerships and other investments could materially affect our consolidated financial statements.
share-based compensation the process of estimating the fair value of stock-based compensation awards and recognizing the associated expense over the requisite service period involves significant management estimates and assumptions. refer to note 21: "share-based compensation" in our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion. any changes to these estimates will affect the amount of compensation expense we recognize with respect to future grants.