item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," in this annual report on form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to those discussed in item 1a, "risk factors" and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. (see "special note regarding forward-looking statements.")
critical accounting estimates and policies the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america requires management to make estimates and assumptions in applying our accounting policies that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. we base these estimates and assumptions on historical experience, and evaluate them on an on-going basis to ensure that they remain reasonable under current conditions. actual results could differ from those estimates. we discuss the development and selection of the critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors on a quarterly basis, and the audit committee has reviewed our related disclosure in this annual report on form 10-k. the accounting policies that reflect our more significant estimates, judgments and assumptions and which we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results include the following:
revenue recognition. we recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the selling price is fixed or determinable, and collectibility is reasonably assured. we derive revenue from three sources-sales of systems, spare parts and services. in general, we recognize revenue for systems when the system has been installed, is operating according to predetermined specifications and is accepted by the customer. when a customer delays installation for delivered products for which we have demonstrated a history of successful installation and acceptance, we recognize revenue upon customer acceptance. under certain circumstances, however, we recognize revenue prior to acceptance from the customer, as follows:
•   when the customer fab has previously accepted the same tool, with the same specifications, and when we can objectively demonstrate that the tool meets all of the required acceptance criteria.
•   when the customer withholds acceptance due to issues unrelated to product performance, in which case revenue is recognized when the system is performing as intended and meets predetermined specifications.
in circumstances in which we recognize revenue prior to installation, the portion of revenue associated with installation is deferred based on estimated fair value, and that revenue is recognized upon completion of the installation.
in many instances, products are sold in stand-alone arrangements. services are sold separately through renewals of annual maintenance contracts. we also allow for multiple element revenue arrangements in cases where certain elements of a sales arrangement are not delivered and accepted in one reporting period. to determine the relative fair value of each element in a revenue arrangement, we allocate arrangement consideration based on the selling price hierarchy. for substantially all of the arrangements with multiple deliverables pertaining to products and services, we use vendor-specific objective evidence ("vsoe") or third-party evidence ("tpe") to allocate the selling price to each deliverable. we determine tpe based on historical prices charged for products and services when sold on a stand-alone basis. when we are unable to establish relative selling price using vsoe or tpe, we use estimated selling price ("esp") in our allocation of arrangement consideration. the objective of esp is to determine the price at which we would transact a sale if the product or service were sold on a stand-alone basis. esp could potentially be used for new or customized products. we regularly review relative selling prices and maintain internal controls over the establishment and updates of these estimates. in a multiple element revenue arrangement, we defer revenue recognition associated with the relative fair value of each undelivered element until that element is delivered to the customer. to be considered a separate element, the product or service in question must represent a separate unit of accounting, which means that such product or service must fulfill the following criteria: (a) the delivered item(s) has value to the customer on a stand-alone basis; and (b) if the arrangement includes a general right of return relative to the delivered item(s), delivery or performance of the undelivered item(s) is considered probable and substantially in our control. if the arrangement does not meet all the above criteria, the entire amount of the sales contract is deferred until all elements are accepted by the customer.
trade-in rights are occasionally granted to customers to trade in tools in connection with subsequent purchases. we estimate the value of the trade-in right and reduce the revenue recognized on the initial sale. this amount is recognized at the earlier of the exercise of the trade-in right or the expiration of the trade-in right.
service and maintenance contract revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the maintenance contract. revenue from services performed in the absence of a maintenance contract, including consulting and training revenue, is recognized when the related services are performed and collectibility is reasonably assured.
we sell stand-alone software that is subject to the software revenue recognition guidance. we periodically review selling prices to determine whether vsoe exists, and in some situations where we are unable to establish vsoe for undelivered elements, such as post-contract service, revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the service contract.
we also defer the fair value of non-standard warranty bundled with equipment sales as unearned revenue. non-standard warranty includes services incremental to the standard 40-hour per week coverage for 12 months. non-standard warranty is recognized ratably as revenue when the applicable warranty term period commences.
the deferred system profit balance equals the amount of deferred system revenue that was invoiced and due on shipment, less applicable product and warranty costs. deferred system revenue represents the value of products that have been shipped and billed to customers which have not met our revenue recognition criteria. deferred system profit does not include the profit associated with product shipments to certain customers in japan, to whom title does not transfer until customer acceptance. shipments to such customers in japan are classified as inventory at cost until the time of acceptance.
we enter into sales arrangements that may consist of multiple deliverables of our products and services where certain elements of the sales arrangement are not delivered and accepted in one reporting period. judgment is required to properly identify the accounting units of the multiple deliverable transactions and to determine the manner in which revenue should be allocated among the accounting units. additionally, judgment is required to interpret various commercial terms and determine when all criteria of revenue recognition have been met in order for revenue recognition to occur in the appropriate accounting period. while changes in the allocation of the estimated selling price between the accounting units will not affect the amount of total revenue recognized for a particular arrangement, any material changes in these allocations could impact the timing of revenue recognition, which could have a material effect on our financial position and results of operations.
inventories. inventories are stated at the lower of cost (on a first-in, first-out basis) or market. demonstration units are stated at their manufacturing cost and written down to their net realizable value. our manufacturing overhead standards for product costs are calculated assuming full absorption of forecasted spending over projected volumes, adjusted for excess capacity. abnormal inventory costs such as costs of idle facilities, excess freight and handling costs, and spoilage are recognized as current period charges. we write down product inventory based on forecasted demand and technological obsolescence and parts inventory based on forecasted usage. these factors are impacted by market and economic conditions, technology changes, new product introductions and changes in strategic direction and require estimates that may include uncertain elements. actual demand may differ from forecasted demand, and such differences may have a material effect on recorded inventory values.
warranty. we provide standard warranty coverage on our systems for 40 hours per week for 12 months, providing labor and parts necessary to repair the systems during the warranty period. we account for the estimated warranty cost as a charge to costs of revenues when revenue is recognized. the estimated warranty cost is based on historical product performance and field expenses. utilizing actual service records, we calculate the average service hours and parts expense per system and apply the actual labor and overhead rates to determine the estimated warranty charge. we update these estimated charges on a quarterly basis. the actual product performance and/or field expense profiles may differ, and in those cases we adjust our warranty accruals accordingly. see note 13, "commitments and contingencies" to the consolidated financial statements for a detailed description.
allowance for doubtful accounts. a majority of our trade receivables are derived from sales to large multinational semiconductor manufacturers throughout the world. in order to monitor potential credit losses, we perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers' financial condition. an allowance for doubtful accounts is maintained for probable credit losses based upon our assessment of the expected collectibility of the accounts receivable. the allowance for doubtful accounts is reviewed on a quarterly basis to assess the adequacy of the allowance. we take into consideration (1) any circumstances of which we are aware of a customer's inability to meet its financial obligations; and (2) our judgments as to prevailing economic conditions in the industry and their impact on our customers. if circumstances change, such that the financial conditions of our customers are adversely affected and they are unable to meet their financial obligations to us, we may need to record additional allowances, which would result in a reduction of our net income.
stock-based compensation. we account for stock-based awards granted to employees for services based on the fair value of those awards. the fair value of stock-based awards is measured at the grant date and is recognized as expense over the employee's requisite service period. the fair value is determined using a black-scholes valuation model for stock options and for purchase rights under our employee stock purchase plan. the black-scholes option-pricing model requires the input of assumptions, including the option's expected term and the expected price volatility of the underlying stock. the expected stock price volatility assumption is based on the market-based historical implied volatility from traded options of our common stock. the fair value for restricted stock units granted without "dividend equivalent" rights is determined using the closing price of our common stock on the grant date for restricted stock units, adjusted to exclude the present value of dividends which are not accrued on the restricted stock units. the fair value for restricted stock units granted with "dividend equivalent" rights is determined using the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. the award holder is not entitled to receive payments under dividend equivalent rights unless the associated restricted stock unit award vests (i.e., the award holder is entitled to receive credits, payable in cash or shares of our common stock, equal to the cash dividends that would have been received on the shares of our common stock underlying the restricted stock units had the shares been issued and outstanding on the dividend record date, but such dividend equivalents are only paid subject to the recipient satisfying the vesting requirements of the underlying award). we have elected not to include the indirect tax effects of stock-based compensation deductions when calculating the windfall benefits and therefore recognize the full effect of these deductions in the income statement in the period in which the taxable event occurs.
accounting for cash-based long-term incentive compensation. cash-based long-term incentive ("cash lti") awards issued to employees under our cash lti program vest in four equal installments, with 25% of the aggregate amount of the cash lti award vesting on each yearly anniversary of the grant date over a four-year period. in order to receive payments under a cash lti award, participants must remain employed by us as of the applicable award vesting date. compensation expense related to the cash lti awards is recognized over the vesting term, which is adjusted for the impact of estimated forfeitures.
contingencies and litigation. we are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies. considerable judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of any loss from such contingencies. an accrual is made when it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an asset has been impaired and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. we accrue a liability and recognize as expense the estimated costs expected to be incurred over the next twelve months to defend or settle asserted and unasserted claims existing as of the balance sheet date. see note 13, "commitments and contingencies" and note 14, "litigation and other legal matters" to the consolidated financial statements for a detailed description.
goodwill and intangible assets. we assess goodwill for impairment annually as well as whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. long-lived intangible assets are tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. see note 6, "goodwill and purchased intangible assets" to the consolidated financial statements for a detailed description. goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in each business combination. we performed our annual qualitative assessment of the goodwill by reporting unit in our second quarter of fiscal year 2014 and concluded that there was no impairment. there have been no significant events or circumstances affecting the valuation of goodwill subsequent to our annual impairment test. the next annual evaluation of the goodwill by reporting unit will be performed in the second quarter of the fiscal year ending june 30, 2015.
if we were to encounter challenging economic conditions, such as a decline in our operating results, an unfavorable industry or macroeconomic environment, a substantial decline in our stock price, or any other adverse change in market conditions, we may be required to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment analysis. in addition, if such conditions have the effect of changing one of the critical assumptions or estimates we use to calculate the value of our goodwill or intangible assets, we may be required to record goodwill and/or intangible asset impairment charges in future periods. it is not possible at this time to determine if any such future impairment charge would occur or, if it does, whether such charge would be material to our results of operations.
income taxes. we account for income taxes in accordance with the authoritative guidance, which requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be recognized using enacted tax rates for the effect of temporary differences between the book and tax bases of recorded assets and liabilities. the guidance also requires that deferred tax assets be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. we have determined that a valuation allowance is necessary against a portion of the deferred tax assets, but we anticipate that our future taxable income will be sufficient to recover the remainder of our deferred tax assets. however, should there be a change in our ability to recover our deferred tax assets that are not subject to a valuation allowance, we could be required to record an additional valuation allowance against such deferred tax assets. this would result in an increase to our tax provision in the period in which we determine that the recovery is not probable.
on a quarterly basis, we provide for income taxes based upon an estimated annual effective income tax rate. the effective tax rate is highly dependent upon the geographic composition of worldwide earnings, tax regulations governing each region, availability of tax credits and the effectiveness of our tax planning strategies. we carefully monitor the changes in many factors and adjust our effective income tax rate on a timely basis. if actual results differ from these estimates, this could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. in accordance with the authoritative guidance on accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, we recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on the two-step process prescribed within the interpretation. the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained in audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. we reevaluate these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. this evaluation is based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effectively settled issues under audit and new audit activity. any change in these factors could result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision.
valuation of marketable securities. our investments in available-for-sale securities are reported at fair value. unrealized gains related to increases in the fair value of investments and unrealized losses related to decreases in the fair value are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, as reported on our consolidated statements of stockholders' equity. however, changes in the fair value of investments impact our net income only when such investments are sold or an impairment charge is recognized. realized gains and losses on the sale of securities are determined by specific identification of the security's cost basis. we periodically review our investment portfolio to determine if any investment is other-than-temporarily impaired due to changes in credit risk or other potential valuation concerns, which would require us to record an impairment charge in the period during which any such determination is made. in making this judgment, we evaluate, among other things, the duration of the investment, the extent to which the fair value of an investment is less than its cost, the credit rating and any changes in credit rating for the investment, default and loss rates of the underlying collateral, structure and credit enhancements to determine if a credit loss may exist. our assessment that an investment is not other-than-temporarily impaired could change in the future due to new developments or changes in our strategies or assumptions related to any particular investment.
effects of recent accounting pronouncements recently adopted in december 2011, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued an accounting standard update requiring enhanced disclosure about certain financial instruments and derivative instruments that are offset in the balance sheet or subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement. we adopted the disclosure requirement in the first quarter of our fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, and it did not have an impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
in february 2013, the fasb issued an accounting standard update on the reporting of reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income of various components, which was originally deferred by the fasb in december 2011. the february 2013 update did not change the then current requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income in financial statements. however, this update required an entity to present parenthetically (on the face of the financial statements, in the notes or, in some cases, cross-referenced to related footnote disclosures) significant amounts reclassified from each component of accumulated other comprehensive income and the income statement line items affected by the reclassification. the amendment reflected in the february 2013 update was adopted by us in the first quarter of our fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, and it did not have an impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows as it was disclosure-only in nature.
updates not yet effective in july 2013, the fasb issued an accounting standard update that provides explicit guidance on the financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss or a tax credit carryforward exists. under the new standard update, in most circumstances, an unrecognized tax benefit, or a portion of an unrecognized tax benefit, should be presented in a company's financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss or a tax credit carryforward. this accounting standard update will be effective for our interim period ending september 30, 2014 and applied prospectively with early adoption permitted. we do not anticipate that this accounting standard update will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements upon adoption.
in may 2014, the fasb issued an accounting standard update regarding revenue from customer contracts to transfer goods and services or non-financial assets, unless the contracts are covered by other standards (for example, insurance or lease contracts). under the new guidance, an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. the updates are effective for us beginning the first quarter of our fiscal year ending june 30, 2018. early adoption is not permitted. we are currently evaluating the impact of this accounting standard update on our consolidated financial statements.
in june 2014, the fasb issued an accounting standard update regarding stock-based compensation that clarifies the accounting when terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period. the amendments require that a performance target that affects vesting which could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. the update is effective for us beginning the first quarter of our fiscal year ending june 30, 2017, with early adoption permitted. we are currently evaluating the impact of this accounting standard update on our consolidated financial statements.
executive summary kla-tencor corporation is a leading supplier of process control and yield management solutions for the semiconductor and related nanoelectronics industries. our broad portfolio of defect inspection and metrology products, and related service, software and other offerings, primarily supports ic manufacturers throughout the entire semiconductor fabrication process, from research and development to final volume production. we provide leading-edge equipment, software and support that enable ic manufacturers to identify, resolve and manage significant advanced technology manufacturing process challenges and obtain higher finished product yields at lower overall cost. in addition to serving the semiconductor industry, we also provide a range of technology solutions to a number of other high technology industries, including led and data storage industries, as well as general materials research.
our products and services are used by the vast majority of bare wafer, ic, lithography reticle ("reticle" or "mask") and disk manufacturers around the world. our products, services and expertise are used by our customers to measure and control nanometric-level manufacturing processes, and to detect, analyze and resolve critical product defects that arise in that environment. our revenues are driven largely by our customers' spending on capital equipment and related maintenance services necessary to support key transitions in their underlying product technologies, or to increase their production volumes in response to market demand. our semiconductor customers generally operate in one or more of the three major semiconductor markets -- memory, foundry and logic. all three of these markets are characterized by rapid technological changes and sudden shifts in end-user demand, which influence the level and pattern of our customers' spending on our products and services. although capital spending in all three semiconductor markets has historically been very cyclical, the demand for more advanced and lower cost chips used in a growing number of consumer electronics, communications, data processing, and industrial and automotive products has resulted over the long term in a favorable demand environment for our process control and yield management solutions.
as we are a supplier to the global semiconductor and semiconductor-related industries, our customer base continues to become more highly concentrated over time, thereby increasing the potential impact of a sudden change in capital spending by a major customer on our revenues and profitability. as our customer base becomes increasingly more concentrated, large orders from a relatively limited number of customers account for a substantial portion of our sales, which potentially exposes us to more volatility for revenues and earnings. in addition, we are subject to the cyclical capital spending that has historically characterized the semiconductor and semiconductor-related industries. the timing, length, intensity and volatility of the capacity-oriented capital spending cycles of our customers are unpredictable.
however, in addition to these trends of consolidation and cyclicality, the semiconductor industry has also been significantly impacted by constant technological innovation. the growing use of increasingly sophisticated semiconductor devices has caused many of our customers to invest in additional semiconductor manufacturing capabilities and capacity. these investments have included process control and yield management equipment and services and have had a significant favorable impact on our revenues over the long term.
over the past four years, we have experienced high levels of customer demand for our products, a result of growth in increasingly sophisticated mobile devices incorporating advanced ics. the demand for our products is driven by our customers' needs to solve the process challenges that they face as they adopt new technologies required to fabricate these advanced ics. we cannot predict the duration and sustainability of the recent favorable business conditions, and our revenue levels in the next fiscal year will depend upon whether our customers maintain recent levels of investment in process control equipment. our earnings for the next fiscal year will depend not only on our revenue levels, but also on the amount of research and development spending required to meet our customers' technology roadmaps. we have continued to scale our production volumes and capacity to meet anticipated customer requirements and remain at risk of incurring significant inventory-related and other restructuring charges if business conditions deteriorate. we believe that, over the long term, our customers will continue to invest in advanced technologies and new materials to enable smaller design rules and higher density applications, as well as to reduce cost. we expect, particularly among our foundry and logic customers, that this in turn will drive high levels of long-term adoption of process control equipment and services that reduce semiconductor defectivity and improve manufacturing yields, reinforcing the longer-term growth drivers in our industry.
total revenues during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013 decreased compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2012. revenue decreases from sales of both our defect inspection and metrology products for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013 reflected typical cyclicality in capacity-oriented capital spending by logic and memory chip manufacturers, as well as delays in the procurement of next-generation equipment required to facilitate the transition to extreme ultraviolet lithography.
product revenues our business is affected by the increasingly concentrated nature of our semiconductor manufacturer customer base and the cyclicality of the capital equipment procurement practices of those manufacturers, with revenues directly impacted by their investment patterns. our product revenues in any particular period are significantly impacted by the amount of new orders that we receive during that period and, due to the duration of manufacturing and installation cycles, in the preceding periods.
product revenues increased by 2% in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013, as our customers increased their investments in defect inspection capabilities to address the yield challenges caused by the introduction of new technologies and architectures, and added production capacity to meet the growing needs for advanced ics demanded in an environment of rising global demand for mobile devices.
product revenues decreased in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013 compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2012 as a result of a decline in overall semiconductor industry capital spending. revenue decreases from sales of both our defect inspection and metrology products reflected typical cyclicality in capacity-oriented capital spending by logic and memory chip manufacturers, as well as delays in the procurement of next-generation equipment required to facilitate the transition to extreme ultraviolet lithography.
service revenues service revenues are generated from maintenance contracts, as well as billable time and material service calls made to our customers after the expiration of the warranty period. the amount of our service revenues is typically a function of the number of post-warranty systems installed at our customers' sites and the utilization of those systems, but it is also impacted by other factors, such as our rate of service contract renewals, the types of systems being serviced and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. service revenues increased sequentially over the fiscal years ended june 30, 2012, 2013 and 2014 as a result of an increase in the number of post-warranty systems installed at our customers' sites over that time period.
samsung electronics co., ltd.                              taiwan semiconductor manufacturing company limited         taiwan semiconductor manufacturing company limited taiwan semiconductor manufacturing company limited revenues by region revenues by region for the periods indicated were as follows:
a significant portion of our revenues continues to be generated in asia, where a substantial portion of the world's semiconductor manufacturing capacity is located, and we expect that trend to continue.
gross margin our gross margin fluctuates with revenue levels and product mix and is affected by variations in costs related to manufacturing and servicing our products, including our ability to scale our operations efficiently and effectively in response to prevailing business conditions.
changes in gross margin percentage driven by revenue volume of products and services reflect our ability to leverage existing infrastructure to generate higher revenues. it also includes the effect of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, average customer pricing and customer revenue deferrals associated with volume purchase agreements. changes in gross margin percentage from mix of products and services sold reflect the impact of changes in the composition within product and service offerings. changes in gross margin percentage from manufacturing labor, overhead and efficiencies reflect our ability to manage costs and drive productivity as we scale our manufacturing activity to respond to customer requirements; this includes the impact of capacity utilization, use of overtime and variability of cost structure. changes in gross margin percentage from other service and manufacturing costs include the impact of customer support costs, including the efficiencies with which we deliver services to our customers, and the effectiveness with which we manage our production plans and inventory risk.
our r&d expenses have generally increased over time, including significant increases over the past two fiscal years primarily due to higher costs associated with advanced product and technology development projects. we incur significant costs associated with these projects, including compensation for engineering talent, engineering material costs, and other expenses, as technological innovation is essential to our success. during certain periods, r&d expenses may fluctuate relative to product development phases and project timing.
r&d expenses during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were higher compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013, primarily due to an increase in employee-related expenses of $41.8 million as a result of hiring additional engineering talent and an increase in travel expenses of $2.6 million, as well as a $4.2 million reduction in external funding used to offset the cost of r&d activities.
r&d expenses during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013 increased compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2012, primarily due to the stage and timing of our development projects, as described above. r&d expenses during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013 were impacted by an increase in engineering material and depreciation of $26.1 million and an increase in employee-related expenses of $9.0 million as a result of additional engineering headcount.
r&d expenses include the benefit of $8.2 million, $12.4 million and $6.9 million of external funding received during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, for certain strategic development programs, primarily from government grants.
our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. to do this, we believe that we must continue to make substantial investments in our research and development. we remain committed to product development in new and emerging technologies as we address the yield challenges our customers face at future technology nodes.
sg&a expenses during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were slightly lower compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013, primarily due to lower levels of consulting expenses of $4.5 million and a decrease in amortization of intangible assets of $2.6 million as some intangible assets became fully amortized. this was partially offset by an increase in employee-related expenses of $4.4 million as a result of hiring additional personnel.
sg&a expenses during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013 were higher compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2012, primarily due to an increase of $5.7 million in support costs related to product demonstrations and evaluations of our product by customers, as well as depreciation expense, an increase of $3.6 million in travel expenses due to the increasingly global nature of our customers, operations and business, an increase of $2.1 million in employee-related compensation as a result of annual compensation adjustments and additional headcount and $3.1 million in goodwill impairment, severance and other expenses that we recognized during the three months ended september 30, 2012 in connection with our decision to exit from the solar inspection business.
interest income and other, net is comprised primarily of interest income earned on our investment and cash portfolio, realized gains or losses on sales of marketable securities, gains or losses from revaluation of certain foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities as well as foreign currency contracts, impairments associated with equity investments in privately-held companies, and interest related accruals (such as interest and penalty accruals related to our tax obligations). the increase in interest income and other, net during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013 was primarily attributable to an increase of $3.7 million from the sale of an equity investment in a privately-held company, partially offset by an impairment charge of $1.4 million recognized during the three months ended december 31, 2013 related to an equity investment in a privately-held company that was deemed to be other-than-temporary impairment and a decrease in interest income of $1.3 million driven by lower interest rates.
the increase in interest income and other, net during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013 compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2012 was primarily attributable to a decrease in impairment charges of $2.9 million for equity investments in privately-held companies, an increase in realized gains of marketable securities of $1.2 million and an increase in foreign exchange related gains of $1.9 million, partially offset by an increase of $4.2 million in interest and penalty accruals related to uncertain tax positions.
the provision for income taxes differs from the statutory u.s. federal rate primarily due to foreign income with lower tax rates, the tax effects of employee stock activity, tax credits and state taxes.
tax expense as a percentage of income during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 was 20.7% compared to 21.4% for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. tax expense decreased primarily due to a decrease in tax reserves and an increase in the percentage of our revenues that were earned outside the u.s. in jurisdictions with lower tax rates, partially offset by a decrease in our research and development credits and an increase in tax expense related to employee stock activity.
tax expense as a percentage of income during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013 was 21.4% compared to 22.4% for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2012. tax expense decreased primarily due to a decrease in the tax effects of employee stock activity, an increase in tax credits and an increase in the domestic manufacturing benefit, offset by an increase in tax reserves.
our future effective income tax rate depends on various factors, such as tax legislation, the geographic composition of our pre-tax income, the amount of our pre-tax income as business activities fluctuate, non-deductible expenses incurred in connection with acquisitions, research and development credits as a percentage of aggregate pre-tax income, the domestic manufacturing deduction, non-taxable or non-deductible increases or decreases in the assets held within our executive deferred savings plan, the tax effects of employee stock activity and the effectiveness of our tax planning strategies.
we had cumulative windfalls in excess of shortfalls of approximately $23.4 million and $6.9 million during each of the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 and 2013. we incurred $11.9 million in additional tax expense during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2012, due to shortfalls from employee stock activity. windfall tax benefits arise when a company's tax deduction for employee stock activity exceeds book compensation for the same activity. a shortfall arises when the tax deduction is less than book compensation. windfalls are recorded as increases to capital in excess of par value. shortfalls are recorded as decreases to capital in excess of par value to the extent that cumulative windfalls exceed cumulative shortfalls. shortfalls in excess of cumulative windfalls are recorded as provision for income taxes.
for the fiscal year ending june 30, 2015, we do not expect shortfalls from employee stock activity to have an impact on our tax rate, because we do not expect shortfalls to be in excess of cumulative windfalls.
in the normal course of business, we are subject to tax audits in various jurisdictions, and such jurisdictions may assess additional income or other taxes against us. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. the results of an audit or litigation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made.
liquidity and capital resources as of june 30,
marketable securities                                              2,521,776               1,933,491               1,783,150
total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities            $3,152,637              $2,918,881              $2,534,444
net cash provided by operating activities                           $778,886                $913,188                $941,617
net cash used in investing activities                               (676,109   )            (241,447   )            (528,891   )
net cash used in financing activities                               (458,887   )            (428,510   )            (364,103   )
as of june 30, 2014, our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled $3.2 billion, which is an increase of $234 million from june 30, 2013. as of june 30, 2014, $1.3 billion of our $3.2 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities were held by our foreign subsidiaries and branch offices. we currently intend to permanently reinvest $1.1 billion of the cash held by our foreign subsidiaries and branch offices. if, however, a portion of these funds were to be repatriated to the united states, we would be required to accrue and pay u.s. and foreign taxes of approximately 30%-50% of the funds repatriated. the amount of taxes due will depend on the amount and manner of the repatriation, as well as the location from where the funds are repatriated. we have accrued (but have not paid) u.s. taxes on the remaining cash of $152 million of the $1.3 billion held by our foreign subsidiaries and branch offices. as such, these funds can be returned to the u.s. without accruing any additional u.s. tax expense.
the total amount of dividends paid during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $299 million, $266 million and $234 million, respectively. the increase in the amount of dividends paid during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 compared to the preceding fiscal year reflects the increase in the level of our quarterly dividend from $0.40 to $0.45 per share that was instituted during the three months ended september 30, 2013. on july 8, 2014, we announced that our board of directors had authorized a further increase in the level of our quarterly dividend from $0.45 to $0.50 per share.
on july 8, 2014, we also announced that our board of directors had authorized us to repurchase up to 13 million additional shares under our stock repurchase program.
the shares repurchased under our stock repurchase program have reduced our basic and diluted weighted-average shares outstanding. the decrease was partially offset by additional shares issued upon the exercise of employee stock options and the vesting of employee restricted stock units and in connection with stock purchases under our employee stock purchase plan.
we have historically financed our liquidity requirements through cash generated from operations.
net cash provided by operating activities during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 decreased compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013 from $913 million to $779 million primarily as a result of the following key factors:
net cash used in investing activities during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 increased compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013 from $241 million to $676 million, primarily as a result of an increase in the use of cash for purchases of available-for-sale and trading securities, net of sales and maturities, of approximately $424 million during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. in addition, we acquired a privately-held company for a total purchase consideration of $18 million in cash during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014.
net cash used in financing activities during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 increased compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013 from $429 million to $459 million, primarily as a result of the following key factors:
net cash provided by operating activities during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013 decreased compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2012 from $942 million to $913 million primarily as a result of the following key factors:
net cash used in investing activities during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013 decreased compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2012 from $529 million to $241 million, primarily as a result of a decrease in the use of cash for purchases of available-for-sale and trading securities, net of sales and maturities, of approximately $305 million during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013 compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2012.
net cash used in financing activities during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013 increased compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2012 from $364 million to $429 million, primarily as a result of the following key factors:
interest payment associated with long-term debt obligations         198,375                51,750              51,750              51,750                43,125           -                  -                                -
purchase commitments                                                214,355               212,032               2,323                   -                     -           -                  -                                -
(2)   represents the non-current income taxes payable obligation and related accrued interest. we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes.
(3)   represents the amount committed under our cash long-term incentive program as of june 30, 2014. expected payment after estimated forfeitures is approximately $90 million.
(4)   represents benefits expected to be paid in fiscal years 2020 through 2024.
starting in fiscal year 2013 we adopted a cash-based long-term incentive ("cash lti") program for many of our employees as part of our employee compensation program. cash lti awards issued to employees under the cash long-term incentive plan ("cash lti plan") generally vest in four equal installments, with 25% of the aggregate amount of the cash lti award vesting on each yearly anniversary of the grant date over a four-year period. in order to receive payments under the cash lti plan, participants must remain employed by us as of the applicable award vesting date.
we have agreements with financial institutions to sell certain of our trade receivables and promissory notes from customers without recourse. in addition, we periodically sell certain letters of credit ("lcs"), without recourse, received from customers in payment for goods.
we maintain guarantee arrangements available through various financial institutions for up to $28.4 million, of which $26.3 million had been issued as of june 30, 2014, primarily to fund guarantees to customs authorities for value-added tax ("vat") and other operating requirements of our subsidiaries in europe and asia.
we maintain certain open inventory purchase commitments with our suppliers to ensure a smooth and continuous supply for key components. our liability under these purchase commitments is generally restricted to a forecasted time-horizon as mutually agreed upon between the parties. this forecasted time-horizon can vary among different suppliers. our open inventory purchase commitments were approximately $214.3 million as of june 30, 2014 and are primarily due within the next 12 months. actual expenditures will vary based upon the volume of the transactions and length of contractual service provided. in addition, the amounts paid under these arrangements may be less in the event that the arrangements are renegotiated or canceled. certain agreements provide for potential cancellation penalties.
we provide standard warranty coverage on our systems for 40 hours per week for 12 months, providing labor and parts necessary to repair the systems during the warranty period. we account for the estimated warranty cost as a charge to costs of revenues when revenue is recognized. the estimated warranty cost is based on historical product performance and field expenses. the actual product performance and/or field expense profiles may differ, and in those cases we adjust our warranty accruals accordingly. the difference between the estimated and actual warranty costs tends to be larger for new product introductions as there is limited historical product performance to estimate warranty expense; our warranty charge estimates for more mature products with longer product performance histories tend to be more stable. non-standard warranty coverage generally includes services incremental to the standard 40-hours per week coverage for 12 months. see note 13, "commitments and contingencies" to the consolidated financial statements for a detailed description.
working capital increased to $3.7 billion as of june 30, 2014, compared to $3.5 billion as of june 30, 2013. this increase is primarily due to higher levels of cash and marketable securities as we generated significant cash flow from operations during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, as well as a higher level of inventory that resulted from supporting elevated levels of business activity. as of june 30, 2014, our principal source of liquidity consisted of $3.2 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. our liquidity is affected by many factors, some of which are based on the normal ongoing operations of the business, and others of which relate to the uncertainties of global and regional economies and the semiconductor and the semiconductor equipment industries. although cash requirements will fluctuate based on the timing and extent of these factors, we believe that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash and cash equivalents balances, will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months.
our credit ratings and outlooks as of june 30, 2014 are summarized below:
rating agency           rating   outlook fitch                   bbb      stable moody's                 baa1     stable standard &amp; poor's   bbb+     stable factors that can affect our credit ratings include changes in our operating performance, the economic environment, conditions in the semiconductor and semiconductor equipment industries, our financial position, and changes in our business strategy.
off-balance sheet arrangements under our foreign currency risk management strategy, we utilize derivative instruments to protect our interests from unanticipated fluctuations in earnings and cash flows caused by volatility in currency exchange rates. this financial exposure is monitored and managed as an integral part of our overall risk management program, which focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to reduce the potentially adverse effects that the volatility of these markets may have on our operating results. we continue our policy of hedging our current and forecasted foreign currency exposures with hedging instruments having tenors of up to 18 months (see note 16, "derivative instruments and hedging activities" to the consolidated financial statements for a detailed description). our outstanding hedge contracts, with maximum maturity of 18 months, were as follows:
indemnification obligations. subject to certain limitations, we are obligated to indemnify our current and former directors, officers and employees with respect to certain litigation matters and investigations that arise in connection with their service to us. these obligations arise under the terms of our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, applicable contracts, and delaware and california law. the obligation to indemnify generally means that we are required to pay or reimburse the individuals' reasonable legal expenses and possibly damages and other liabilities incurred in connection with these matters. for example, we have paid or reimbursed legal expenses incurred in connection with the investigation of our historical stock option practices and the related litigation and government inquiries by a number of our current and former directors, officers and employees. although the maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under the indemnification obligations generally described in this paragraph is theoretically unlimited, we believe the fair value of this liability, to the extent estimable, is appropriately considered within the reserve we have established for currently pending legal proceedings.
we are a party to a variety of agreements pursuant to which we may be obligated to indemnify the other party with respect to certain matters. typically, these obligations arise in connection with contracts and license agreements or the sale of assets, under which we customarily agree to hold the other party harmless against losses arising from, or provide customers with other remedies to protect against, bodily injury or damage to personal property caused by our products, non-compliance with our product performance specifications, infringement of third-party intellectual property rights used in our products and a breach of warranties, representations and covenants related to matters such as title to assets sold, validity of certain intellectual property rights, non-infringement of third-party rights, and certain income tax-related matters. in each of these circumstances, payment by us is typically subject to the other party making a claim to and cooperating with us pursuant to the procedures specified in the particular contract. this usually allows us to challenge the other party's claims or, in case of breach of intellectual property representations or covenants, to control the defense or settlement of any third-party claims brought against the other party. further, our obligations under these agreements may be limited in terms of amounts, activity (typically at our option to replace or correct the products or terminate the agreement with a refund to the other party), and duration. in some instances, we may have recourse against third parties and/or insurance covering certain payments made by us.
in addition, we may in limited circumstances enter into agreements that contain customer-specific pricing, discount, rebate or credit commitments offered by us. furthermore, we may give these customers limited audit or inspection rights to enable them to confirm that we are complying with these commitments. if a customer elects to exercise its audit or inspection rights, we may be required to expend significant resources to support the audit or inspection, as well as to defend or settle any dispute with a customer that could potentially arise out of such audit or inspection. to date, we have made no accruals in our consolidated financial statements for this contingency. while we have not in the past incurred significant expenses for resolving disputes regarding these types of commitments, we cannot make any assurance that we will not incur any such liabilities in the future. one significant customer recently exercised its audit rights, but we cannot predict the outcome of that audit at this time.
it is not possible to predict the maximum potential amount of future payments under these or similar agreements due to the conditional nature of our obligations and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. historically, payments made by us under these agreements have not had a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.