item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview description of the business the company franchises and operates mcdonald's restaurants. of the 36,258 restaurants in 119 countries at year-end 2014, 29,544 were franchised (including 20,774 franchised to conventional franchisees, 5,228 licensed to developmental licensees and 3,542 licensed to foreign affiliates ("affiliates")-primarily japan) and 6,714 were operated by the company.
under our conventional franchise arrangement, franchisees provide a portion of the capital required by initially investing in the equipment, signs, seating and décor of their restaurant business, and by reinvesting in the business over time. the company owns the land and building or secures long-term leases for both company-operated and conventional franchised restaurant sites. this maintains long-term occupancy rights, helps control related costs and assists in alignment with franchisees enabling restaurant performance levels that are among the highest in the industry. in certain circumstances, the company participates in reinvestment for conventional franchised restaurants in an effort to accelerate implementation of certain initiatives.
under our developmental license arrangement, licensees provide capital for the entire business, including the real estate interest, and the company has no capital invested. in addition, the company has an equity investment in a limited number of affiliates that invest in real estate and operate or franchise restaurants within a market.
we view ourselves primarily as a franchisor and believe franchising is paramount to both delivering great, locally-relevant customer experiences and driving profitability. franchising enables an individual to own a restaurant business and maintain control over personnel, purchasing, marketing and pricing decisions, while also benefiting from the financial strength and global experience of mcdonald's. however, directly operating restaurants is important to being a credible franchisor and is essential to providing company personnel with restaurant operations experience. in our company-operated restaurants, and in collaboration with franchisees, we further develop and refine operating standards, marketing concepts and product and pricing strategies, so that only those that we believe are most beneficial are introduced in the restaurants. we continually review, and as appropriate adjust, our mix of company-operated and franchised (conventional franchised, developmental licensed and foreign affiliated) restaurants to help optimize overall performance.
the company's revenues consist of sales by company-operated restaurants and fees from restaurants operated by franchisees. revenues from conventional franchised restaurants include rent and royalties based on a percent of sales along with minimum rent payments, and initial fees. revenues from restaurants licensed to affiliates and developmental licensees include a royalty based on a percent of sales, and generally include initial fees. fees vary by type of site, amount of company investment, if any, and local business conditions. these fees, along with occupancy and operating rights, are stipulated in franchise/license agreements that generally have 20-year terms.
the business is managed as distinct geographic segments. significant reportable segments include the united states ("u.s."), europe, and asia/pacific, middle east and africa ("apmea"). in addition, throughout this report we present "other countries & corporate" that includes operations in canada and latin america, as well as corporate activities. the u.s., europe and apmea segments account for 32%, 40% and 23% of total revenues, respectively. the united kingdom ("u.k."), france, russia and germany, collectively, account for 68% of europe's revenues; and china, australia and japan (a 50%-owned affiliate accounted for under the equity method), collectively, account for 52% of apmea's revenues. these seven markets along with the u.s. and canada are referred to as "major markets" throughout this report and comprise 75% of total revenues.
in analyzing business trends, management reviews results on a constant currency basis and considers a variety of performance and financial measures, including comparable sales and comparable guest count growth, systemwide sales growth, operating income growth and returns.
▪   constant currency results exclude the effects of foreign currency translation and are calculated by translating current year results at prior year average exchange rates. management reviews and analyzes business results in constant currencies and bases most incentive compensation plans on these results because we believe this better represents the company's underlying business trends.
▪   comparable sales and comparable guest counts are key performance indicators used within the retail industry and are indicative of the impact of the company's initiatives as well as local economic and consumer trends. increases or decreases in comparable sales and comparable guest counts represent the percent change in sales and transactions, respectively, from the same period in the prior year for all restaurants, whether operated by the company or franchisees, in operation at least thirteen months, including those temporarily closed. some of the reasons restaurants may be temporarily closed include reimaging or remodeling, rebuilding, road construction and natural disasters. comparable sales exclude the impact of currency translation. comparable sales are driven by changes in guest counts and average check, which is affected by changes in pricing and product mix. typically, pricing has a greater impact on average check than product mix. the goal is to achieve a relatively balanced contribution from both guest counts and average check.
mcdonald's reports on a calendar basis and therefore the comparability of the same month, quarter and year with the corresponding period of the prior year will be impacted by the mix of days. the number of weekdays and weekend days in a given timeframe can have a positive or negative impact on comparable sales and guest counts. the company refers to these impacts as calendar shift/trading day adjustments. in addition, the timing of holidays can impact comparable sales and guest counts. these impacts vary geographically due to consumer spending patterns and have a more pronounced effect on monthly comparable sales and guest counts while the annual impacts are typically minimal.
▪   systemwide sales include sales at all restaurants. while franchised sales are not recorded as revenues by the company, management believes the information is important in understanding the company's financial performance because these sales are the basis on which the company calculates and records franchised revenues and are indicative of the financial health of the franchisee base.
▪   return on incremental invested capital ("roiic") is a measure reviewed by management over one-year and three-year time periods to evaluate the overall profitability of the business units, the effectiveness of capital deployed and the future allocation of capital. the return is calculated by dividing the change in operating income plus depreciation and amortization (numerator) by the cash used for investing activities (denominator), primarily capital expenditures. the calculation uses a constant average foreign exchange rate over the periods included in the calculation.
12 mcdonald's corporation 2014 annual report strategic direction and financial performance the strength of the alignment among the company, its franchisees and suppliers (collectively referred to as the "system") has been key to mcdonald's long-term success. by leveraging our system, we are able to identify, implement and scale ideas that meet customers' changing needs and preferences. in addition, our business model enables mcdonald's to consistently deliver locally-relevant restaurant experiences to customers and be an integral part of the communities we serve.
mcdonald's customer-focused plan to win ("plan") provides a common framework that aligns our global business and allows for local adaptation through an emphasis on the plan's five pillars - people, products, place, price and promotion. in 2014, we evolved our plan framework, refocusing our planning and actions on what matters most to our customers. the following four strategic growth priorities support our global plan:
▪   optimizing our menu so that we offer our customers more of their favorite food and drinks;
▪   modernizing the customer experience so interactions with the brand are more memorable;
▪   broadening accessibility to deliver unparalleled convenience; and
▪   taking meaningful actions to become an even more trusted brand.
we believe that our strategic growth priorities align with our customers' evolving needs and - combined with our competitive advantages of convenience, scale, geographic diversification and system alignment - will enhance our customers' experience and build shareholder value over the long-term.
to measure our performance as we strive to build the business, we have the following long-term, average annual constant currency financial targets:
in 2014, our results were disappointing as unforeseen events and weak operating performance pressured results in each of our geographic segments. systemwide sales decreased 2% (increased 1% in constant currencies), operating income decreased 9% (8% in constant currencies), one-year roiic was negative 21.9% and three-year roiic was 1.4% (see reconciliation on page 27). each metric fell below our long-term financial targets, reflecting the impact of soft comparable sales performance and cost pressures, negatively impacting all segments. given our heavily franchised business model, growing comparable sales is vital to increasing the company's operating income and returns.
we experienced challenges growing sales and guest counts in 2014, as comparable sales decreased 1.0%, reflecting negative guest traffic in all segments. while some of the challenges were anticipated, others were not, such as the impact of a supplier issue in china, japan and certain other markets (see explanation under apmea) and the volatile operating environment in russia and the ukraine. results were also impacted by under-performance in key opportunity markets that are significant contributors to consolidated results, most notably the u.s.
we anticipate many of these challenges will persist in 2015, particularly in the first half of the year; however, we continue to believe that our long-term financial targets remain achievable over the long term, keeping us focused on making the best decisions for the benefit of our shareholders and our system.
we are intensely focused on increasing customer relevance, driving customer visits, and positioning the company for future growth. in 2014, we took a number of important steps to lay the foundation for our turnaround. the following is a summary of our sales performance and critical actions taken to advance our longer-term strategies by major segment.
in the u.s., comparable sales declined 2.1% and comparable guest counts declined 4.1%. guest visits were down as customer-focused initiatives did not resonate strongly amid the increasingly competitive marketplace and sluggish industry growth. to enhance customer relevance and loyalty, the u.s. is focused on addressing menu, service and value opportunities.
in 2014, we brought in new leadership to provide innovative thinking and a fresh strategic perspective, and we announced actions to create a flatter, more nimble u.s. organization that places greater decision making and accountability closer to the customer.
menu strategies included a focus on continued growth at breakfast, which remains our strongest daypart, and an ongoing emphasis on core food and beverages. in addition, we executed initiatives to build brand trust through strengthened marketing efforts, including the launch of a national food quality campaign.
the u.s. focused on improving the service experience through an increased emphasis on operations excellence and investments made in establishing our digital platform, including being the first in our industry to accept apple pay in the drive-thru. we continued to invest in new and existing restaurants by opening 222 new restaurants and reimaging approximately 260 locations, of which the majority added or enhanced drive-thru capacity. currently, about half of our restaurant interiors and exteriors reflect our contemporary restaurant design.
we evolved our value platform to reposition entry-level affordability for future growth by providing a means to transition products to a higher price point when appropriate.
europe in europe, comparable sales declined 0.6%, while comparable guest counts declined 2.2%. comparable sales reflected negative performance in germany and russia, mostly offset by positive performance in the uk. low consumer confidence and other external issues related to the operating environment in russia and ukraine negatively impacted business performance.
in 2014, we pursued customer-focused initiatives to deliver menu variety, a contemporary restaurant experience and value enhancements. we further optimized our menu through premium menu additions and expanded our mccafé platform with over 4,000 restaurants now serving blended ice beverages.
we remain committed to reinvesting in existing restaurants through reimaging and technology initiatives to provide a relevant, contemporary customer experience. europe completed about 260 restaurant reimages during the year. by the end of 2014, nearly 100% of restaurant interiors and 85% of exteriors were modernized. we continued to leverage technology, with over 2,000 self-order kiosks and mobile ordering and payment capability available in certain markets.
we increased our accessibility and convenience through daypart expansion, including breakfast and overnight, opening approximately 320 new restaurants, and optimizing our drive-thrus. as value is paramount to european customers, we continued to evolve and emphasize value offerings at every price tier.
apmea in apmea, comparable sales declined 3.3% and comparable guest counts declined 4.7% due to negative performance in japan and china. this was slightly offset by positive results in australia, the first of our priority markets to demonstrate signs of recovery due to strengthened marketing, re-emphasized value, menu improvements and stronger franchisee alignment.
in mid-july, food quality issues were discovered at a supplier to mcdonald's and other food companies in china, negatively impacting results in china, japan and certain other markets. we moved quickly to source from alternative suppliers and initiated aggressive recovery plans to restore consumer trust and confidence. as a result of our efforts, sales trends in china are showing signs of improvement. mcdonald's japan is not recovering as quickly and has been working to overcome significant challenges.
we are committed to ongoing restaurant expansion, although the pace of new openings was slowed in china in response to local market dynamics. we opened 655 new restaurants, including 227 in china.
global globally, we have been focused on strengthening the foundational elements of our business, namely value across the menu, marketing and operations excellence to deliver a better customer experience while actively pursuing comprehensive initiatives to capture the sizeable longer-term growth opportunities in our industry.
even in periods of softer performance, mcdonald's unique business model and structure enable us to generate significant cash flows. cash from operations benefits from our heavily franchised business model as the rent and royalty income we receive from franchisees provides a stable revenue stream that has relatively low costs and enables us to return significant cash to shareholders. in addition, the franchise business model is less capital intensive than the company-owned model. we believe locally-owned and operated restaurants are important to mcdonald's being not just a global brand, but also a locally-relevant one.
in 2014, cash from operations totaled $6.7 billion. our substantial cash flow, strong credit rating and continued access to credit provided us flexibility to invest in critical growth initiatives while still returning significant amounts of cash to shareholders. capital expenditures of approximately $2.6 billion were invested in our business, of which more than half was devoted to new restaurant openings and the remainder was reinvested in our existing restaurants. across the system, 1,316 restaurants were opened and about 930 existing locations were reimaged.
as part of our ongoing commitment to build long-term shareholder value, in may 2014, the company announced a 3-year cash return target of $18 to $20 billion between 2014 and 2016 through a combination of dividends and share repurchases, representing a 10% to 20% increase over the amount of cash returned between 2011 and 2013. this target is based on several activities including the significant free cash flow generated from our operations, as well as the use of cash proceeds from our debt additions and refranchising at least 1,500 restaurants over the 2014-2016 period (over 400 restaurants were refranchised in 2014), primarily in apmea and europe. in 2014, we returned $6.4 billion to shareholders consisting of $3.2 billion in dividends and $3.2 billion in share repurchases and remain on track to meet our 3-year target.
results for the year:
▪   global comparable sales decreased 1.0%, reflecting a decrease in all segments with the exception of other countries &amp; corporate, while comparable guest counts declined 3.6%, reflecting negative guest traffic in all segments.
▪   consolidated operating income decreased 9% (8% in constant currencies), primarily due to the impact of the supplier issue in apmea and weak operating performance in the u.s.
▪   the company's effective tax rate was 35.5%, including an increase in reserves related to certain foreign tax matters.
▪   diluted earnings per share was $4.82, a decrease of 13% (11% in constant currencies). the following items, which total $0.54 per share, negatively impacted diluted earnings per share by 10% (10% in constant currencies) for the year:
*   $0.31 per share due to an increase in reserves related to certain foreign tax matters; and
*   $0.23 per share due to the estimated impact of the supplier issue resulting from lost sales and profitability in apmea.
excluding the impact of these items, earnings per share for the year would have been down 3% (1% in constant currencies) compared to the prior year.
▪   one-year roiic was negative 21.9% and three-year roiic was 1.4% for the period ended december 31, 2014 (see reconciliation on page 27), reflecting the impact of lower operating income in 2014.
▪   the company increased the quarterly cash dividend per share 5% to $0.85 for the fourth quarter, equivalent to an annual dividend of $3.40 per share.
▪   the company returned $6.4 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, in connection with our $18-$20 billion, 3-year cash return target for the years 2014-2016.
outlook for 2015
mcdonald's begins 2015 taking decisive action to drive foundational improvements in our major markets and executing our recovery efforts in markets affected by unforeseen events.
while we expect pressures on operating performance to persist as we continue to face significant headwinds, particularly in the first half of the year, sizable growth opportunities exist in the $1.2 trillion global ieo segment. we are committed to pursuing these opportunities by relentlessly focusing on the customer and adapting to the changing marketplace through the following initiatives.
we are redefining menu choice and personalization, exploring solutions that will provide our guests a customizable restaurant experience. we are also focused on enhancing the appeal of our core products and addressing food perceptions by improving and highlighting the quality of our ingredients and engaging with our customers in more transparent dialogue.
convenience continues to be a cornerstone of mcdonald's business, and we will evolve our value platform, strategically evaluating pricing relationships across the entry level, core and premium tiers. service elements focus on hospitality and
14 mcdonald's corporation 2014 annual report additional ways to serve customers, such as self-order kiosks and table service, and in-store pick up or in-car delivery in certain markets. our digital strategy is built around improving the customer experience and customer engagement.
collectively, these customer-focused initiatives represent the restaurant experience of the future and build upon investments we have already made in reimaging and technology.
the company is investing in these significant initiatives in a disciplined manner, by partly redirecting g&a dollars from the u.s. business and corporate toward these long-term growth initiatives.
we will continue to invest in geographically diversified new restaurant development and reimaging of our existing restaurants' interiors and exteriors. our 2015 capital expenditure plan of approximately $2.0 billion - our lowest capital budget in more than 5 years - demonstrates financial discipline as we strategically target fewer openings in our most challenged markets. we believe this lower level of capital spending is prudent while we work to regain our business momentum.
mcdonald's remains committed to growing our business sustainably and making a positive difference in society by serving good food through good people, and being a good neighbor in the communities in which we operate.
the u.s. begins 2015 with new leadership focused on a strategic roadmap including a revamped marketing approach, greater customization, localization and menu simplification. our revamped marketing approach includes a new national brand campaign complemented by local advertising that is more responsive to individual market preferences. we plan to execute initiatives that are designed to address customer insights and the competitive dynamics that are unique to each market. we are focused on strengthening our menu pipeline by providing more choice and customization, with plans to begin expanding the create your taste platform in 2015. our menu initiatives also include plans to enhance core products, particularly in the chicken and beef categories. we are also refining our value proposition to offer the right balance of value and choice and to create more logical relationships across menu price tiers. we plan to open about 125 new restaurants and reimage approximately 100 existing restaurants in 2015.
europe the segment's prolonged economic slowdown is expected to continue to impact business performance in 2015. in addition, the ieo landscape remains sluggish and highly competitive. despite these challenges, we are focusing on those areas within our control to grow sales and traffic. menu plans include balancing a strong track record of successful promotions with an ongoing focus on our iconic core favorites. we are pursuing opportunities to grow the breakfast, overnight and family businesses. as value remains paramount to customers in the current environment, we are evolving value offerings and messaging, particularly in key markets like germany and france. we plan to leverage investments in reimaging, integrated kitchen platforms and other technology-enabled solutions to support the restaurant experience of the future. we are also pursuing refranchising opportunities, new restaurant growth and expanded drive-thru capabilities. we plan to open about 250 new restaurants and reimage approximately 350 existing restaurants in 2015.
apmea in apmea, our 2015 initiatives focus on menu variety, value evolution and enhanced convenience. in addition, we are aggressively executing multi-faceted brand recovery efforts in china, japan and certain other markets. menu strategies include leveraging core favorites, introducing new flavors particularly in beverages and pursuing opportunities to accelerate the breakfast daypart. further, customization and personalization is a priority as australia will be a lead market to roll-out create your taste across the majority of its restaurants in 2015. we will focus on providing customers unparalleled convenience by offering consistent and relevant value options across the menu and expansion of brand extensions, including kiosks, delivery and drive-thrus. our efforts around reimaging will continue as we expect to modernize approximately 400 existing restaurants. our plan is to open around 550 new restaurants, with over 200 expected in china. in addition, we will refranchise restaurants to both conventional franchisees and developmental licensees.
consolidated outlook in making capital allocation decisions, our goal is to prioritize our spending on initiatives that elevate the mcdonald's experience and drive sustainable long-term growth in sales and market share. we focus on markets that generate strong returns or have opportunities for long-term growth.
while the company does not provide specific guidance on diluted earnings per share, the following information is provided to assist in forecasting the company's future results:
▪   changes in systemwide sales are driven by comparable sales and net restaurant unit expansion. the company expects net restaurant additions to add approximately 2 percentage points to 2015 systemwide sales growth (in constant currencies), most of which will be due to the 829 net restaurants (981 net traditional openings less 152 net satellite closings) added in 2014.
▪   the company does not generally provide specific guidance on changes in comparable sales. however, as a perspective, assuming no change in cost structure, a 1 percentage point change in comparable sales for either the u.s. or europe would change annual diluted earnings per share by about 4 cents.
▪   with about 75% of mcdonald's grocery bill comprised of 10 different commodities, a basket of goods approach is the most comprehensive way to look at the company's commodity costs. for the full year 2015, the total basket of goods cost is expected to increase 1.5-2.5% in the u.s. and europe.
▪   the company expects full-year 2015 selling, general and administrative expenses to increase approximately 7%-8% in constant currencies, primarily due to higher incentive-based compensation reflecting the impact of below target performance in 2014. excluding the incremental incentive-based compensation, selling, general and administrative expenses would increase approximately 1%-2%, due to costs associated with expansion of the restaurant experience of the future global initiatives, including our digital strategy. fluctuations between quarters may occur.
▪   based on current interest and foreign currency exchange rates, the company expects interest expense for the full-year 2015 to increase slightly compared with 2014.
▪   a significant part of the company's operating income is generated outside the u.s., and about 40% of its total debt is denominated in foreign currencies. accordingly, earnings are affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the euro, british pound, australian dollar and canadian dollar. collectively, these currencies represent approximately 70% of the company's operating income outside the u.s. if all four of these currencies moved by 10% in the same direction, the company's annual diluted earnings per share would change by about 25 cents.
▪   the company expects the effective income tax rate for the full-year 2015 to be 31% to 33%. some volatility may be experienced between the quarters resulting in a quarterly tax rate that is outside the annual range.
▪   the company expects capital expenditures for 2015 to be approximately $2.0 billion. about half of this amount will be used to open new restaurants. the company expects to open more than 1,000 restaurants including about 450 restaurants in affiliated and developmental licensee markets where the company does not fund any capital expenditures. the company expects net additions of between 600-700 restaurants. the remaining capital will be used to reinvest in existing locations.
▪   the company has established a 3-year cash return target of $18-$20 billion for 2014 to 2016. this target is based on several ongoing factors, including the significant free cash flow generated from our operations, as well as the use of cash proceeds from debt additions and refranchising of at least 1,500 restaurants.
dollars and shares in millions, except per share data          amount           increase/ (decrease)                  amount            increase/ (decrease)                  amount revenues sales by company-operated restaurants                         $18,169                             (4   %)            $18,875                               1   %             $18,603
operating costs and expenses company-operated restaurant expenses                           15,288                             (2   )              15,579                               2                  15,224
total operating costs and expenses                             19,492                              1                  19,342                               2                  18,962
income before provision for income taxes                        7,372                            (10   )               8,204                               2                   8,079
provision for income taxes                                      2,614                              0                   2,618                               0                   2,614
n/m not meaningful impact of foreign currency translation on reported results while changes in foreign currency exchange rates affect reported results, mcdonald's mitigates exposures, where practical, by purchasing goods and services in local currencies, financing in local currencies and hedging certain foreign-denominated cash flows.
in 2014, foreign currency translation had a negative impact on consolidated operating results due to the weaker russian ruble, australian dollar and certain other currencies, partly offset by the stronger british pound. in 2013, foreign currency translation had a negative impact on consolidated operating results due to the weaker australian dollar, japanese yen and many other foreign currencies, partly offset by the stronger euro. in 2012, foreign currency translation had a negative impact on consolidated operating results primarily due to the weaker euro, along with most other currencies.
impact of foreign currency translation on reported results reported amount                                   currency translation benefit/(cost)
in millions, except per share data                        2014            2013                  2012          2014       2013                                         2012
net income and diluted earnings per common share in 2014, net income decreased 15% (13% in constant currencies) to $4.8 billion and diluted earnings per common share decreased 13% (11% in constant currencies) to $4.82. foreign currency translation had a negative impact of $0.12 on diluted earnings per share.
the following items, which total $0.54 per share, negatively impacted diluted earnings per share by 10% (10% in constant currencies) in 2014:
•   $0.31 per share due to an increase in tax reserves for 2003-2010 resulting from an unfavorable lower tax court ruling in a foreign tax jurisdiction, as well as an increase in tax reserves related to audit progression in other foreign tax jurisdictions.
•   $0.23 per share due to the estimated impact of the previously-disclosed supplier issue in china. in mid-july, food quality issues were discovered at a supplier to mcdonald's and other food companies in china. as a consequence, results in china, japan and certain other markets were negatively impacted due to lost sales and profitability, including expenses associated with customer recovery efforts.
excluding the impact of these items, diluted earnings per share would have been down 3% (1% in constant currencies) compared to 2013. this supplemental information is provided to assist investors in understanding the impact of recent events on the company's results.
in 2013, net income increased 2% (3% in constant currencies) to $5.6 billion and diluted earnings per common share increased 4% (4% in constant currencies) to $5.55. foreign currency translation had a negative impact of $0.05 on diluted earnings per share. net income and diluted earnings per share growth in constant currencies were positively impacted by higher franchised margin dollars, and to a lesser extent, lower selling, general and administrative expenses. this was partly offset by lower company-operated margin dollars.
the company repurchased 33.1 million shares of its stock for $3.2 billion in 2014 and 18.7 million shares of its stock for $1.8 billion in 2013, driving reductions in weighted-average shares outstanding on a diluted basis in both periods, which positively benefited earnings per share.
revenues the company's revenues consist of sales by company-operated restaurants and fees from restaurants operated by franchisees. revenues from conventional franchised restaurants include rent and royalties based on a percent of sales, minimum rent payments and initial fees. revenues from franchised restaurants that are licensed to foreign affiliates and developmental licensees include a royalty based on a percent of sales, and generally include initial fees.
in 2014, constant currency revenue was flat compared to the prior year, reflecting the impact of negative comparable sales, partially offset by expansion. in 2013, constant currency revenue growth was due to expansion. weak comparable sales reflected a muted response to customer-facing initiatives amid a highly competitive and sluggish ieo segment across many markets.
in the u.s., revenues decreased in 2014 due to negative comparable sales, reflecting negative comparable guest counts amid ongoing broad-based challenges, including sustained competitive activity. revenues were relatively flat in 2013 as the positive impact of expansion was offset by negative comparable sales.
europe's constant currency increase in 2014 reflected a benefit from expansion, primarily in russia, and positive comparable sales in the u.k, mostly offset by negative comparable sales in russia and germany, and refranchising in germany. the 2013 increase in revenues benefited from expansion, primarily in russia, and positive comparable sales performance in the u.k. and russia, the segment's two largest company-operated restaurant markets, partly offset by negative results in germany.
in apmea, the constant currency decrease in 2014 was driven by negative comparable sales primarily due to the impact of the supplier issue in china and japan. results benefited from expansion, partly offset by refranchising in australia. the constant currency increase in revenues in 2013 was driven by expansion in china and other markets, partly offset by negative comparable sales, primarily in china.
in 2014, comparable guest count performance declined 3.6%. in europe, germany and russia had the most significant impact on the comparable guest count decline. in apmea, japan and china accounted for most of the decline in comparable guest count performance, including the impact of the supplier issue. in 2013, comparable guest count performance declined 1.9%. germany was the main contributor to the decline in europe and japan accounted for half of the decline in apmea.
franchised sales are not recorded as revenues by the company, but are the basis on which the company calculates and records franchised revenues and are indicative of the financial health of the franchisee base. the following table presents franchised sales and the related increases/(decreases):
▪   franchised margins franchised margin dollars represent revenues from franchised restaurants less the company's occupancy costs (rent and depreciation) associated with those sites. franchised margin dollars represented about 70% of the combined restaurant margins in 2014, 2013 and 2012. franchised margin dollars decreased $32 million or 0% (increased 1% in constant currencies) in 2014, reflecting a benefit from expansion and refranchising, offset by negative comparable sales performance. in 2013, franchised margin dollars increased $170 million or 2% (3% in constant currencies) primarily due to expansion.
in the u.s., the franchised margin percent decreased in 2014 primarily due to negative comparable sales and higher occupancy costs. the decrease in 2013 was due to higher depreciation related to reimaging and weak comparable sales.
in europe, the franchised margin percent decreased in 2014 primarily due to the impact of refranchising and negative comparable sales. the decrease in 2013 was due to higher rent expense in many markets and weak comparable sales primarily due to germany.
in apmea, the franchised margin percent decreased in 2014 partly due to the negative impact of the supplier issue in japan, which reduced japan's favorable contribution to the segment's margin percent. in addition, higher occupancy costs and refranchising negatively impacted the margin percent. the decrease in 2013 was partly due to japan's negative sales performance and the impact of the weaker yen. in addition, the segment was negatively impacted by a decline in australia's results.
in connection with our 2014-2016 cash return target, we plan to refranchise at least 1,500 restaurants by selling company-operated restaurants to conventional franchisees and developmental licensees. while this refranchising activity may have a dilutive effect on the franchised margin percent, it results in higher franchised margin dollars.
in addition, the franchised margin percent in apmea and other countries & corporate is higher relative to the u.s. and europe due to a larger proportion of developmental licensed and/or affiliated restaurants where the company receives royalty income with no corresponding occupancy costs.
▪   company-operated margins company-operated margin dollars represent sales by company-operated restaurants less the operating costs of these restaurants. company-operated margin dollars decreased $415 million or 13% (11% in constant currencies) in 2014, reflecting weak results across all segments. in 2013, company-operated margin dollars decreased $83 million or 2% (2% in constant currencies), reflecting weak comparable sales in many markets, which impacted our ability to overcome cost pressures.
in the u.s., the company-operated margin percent decreased in 2014 due to the impact of negative comparable guest counts and higher commodity and labor costs, partly offset by a higher average check. the margin percent decreased in 2013 primarily due to higher labor, commodity costs and other operating costs.
europe's company-operated margin percent decreased in 2014 reflecting weaker results in russia and ukraine, as a challenging operating environment negatively impacted comparable sales performance and weaker currencies impacted imported commodity costs. the margin percent increased in 2013 due to the positive impact of sales performance in russia, the u.k. and france, mostly offset by higher commodity and occupancy costs.
in apmea, the company-operated margin percent decreased in 2014 primarily due to the negative impact of the supplier issue in china and certain other markets. the margin percent decreased in 2013 primarily due to higher labor, occupancy and other costs, and negative comparable guest counts, partly offset by a higher average check.
selling, general & administrative expenses consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses increased 4% (5% in constant currencies) in 2014 and decreased 3% (3% in constant currencies) in 2013. the increase in 2014 was primarily due to higher employee and other costs, the 2014 winter olympics and the worldwide owner/operator convention, partly offset by a reduction in incentive-based compensation. the decrease in 2013 was due to lower incentive-based compensation, partly offset by higher employee costs. in addition, 2013 benefited from the comparison to costs in 2012 related to the london olympics and the worldwide owner/operator convention.
(1)   included in other countries &amp; corporate are home office support costs in areas such as facilities, finance, human resources, information technology, legal, marketing, restaurant operations, supply chain and training.
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of revenues was 9.1% in 2014, 8.5% in 2013 and 8.9% in 2012. selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of systemwide sales was 2.8% in 2014, 2.7% in 2013 and 2.8% in 2012. management believes that analyzing selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of systemwide sales, as well as revenues, is meaningful because these costs are incurred to support the overall mcdonald's business.
gains on sales of restaurant businesses             $(137   )         $(199   )         $(152   )
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates         9               (78   )          (144   )
asset dispositions and other expense                  147                30                52
▪   gains on sales of restaurant businesses the company's purchases and sales of businesses with its franchisees are aimed at achieving an optimal ownership mix in each market. resulting gains or losses on sales of restaurant businesses are recorded in operating income because these transactions are a recurring part of our business. gains on sales of restaurant businesses decreased in 2014 primarily in australia, china and the u.s. the increase in 2013 was due primarily to more stores sold in australia compared to 2012.
▪   equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates unconsolidated affiliates and partnerships are businesses in which the company actively participates, but does not control. the company records equity in earnings from these entities representing mcdonald's share of results. for foreign affiliated markets-primarily japan-results are reported after interest expense and income taxes. mcdonald's share of results for partnerships in certain consolidated markets is reported before income taxes. these partnership restaurants are operated under conventional franchise arrangements and, therefore, are classified as conventional franchised restaurants. equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates decreased in 2014 and 2013 due to weaker operating results, primarily in japan. in 2014, japan's performance was negatively impacted by the supplier issue.
▪   asset dispositions and other expense asset dispositions and other expense consists of gains or losses on excess property and other asset dispositions, provisions for restaurant closings and uncollectible receivables, asset write-offs due to restaurant reinvestment, and other miscellaneous income and expenses. asset dispositions and other expense increased in 2014 primarily due to higher asset write-offs and lower other income items in the u.s., and charges related to the supplier issue in china. the decrease in 2013 was due to the favorable resolution of certain liabilities and lower asset retirements, partly offset by lower gains on property sales and unconsolidated partnership dissolutions.
in the u.s., results for 2014 decreased due to lower restaurant margin dollars, lower other operating income and higher selling, general and administrative expenses. results for 2013 increased due to lower selling, general and administrative expenses and higher franchised margin dollars, partly offset by lower company-operated margin dollars.
in europe, results for 2014 decreased primarily due to lower company-operated margin dollars in russia and ukraine, partly offset by higher franchised margin dollars. the year was also negatively impacted by selling, general and administrative expenses associated with the 2014 winter olympics. results for 2013 were driven by higher franchised and company-operated margin dollars.
in apmea, results for 2014 decreased primarily due to the supplier issue impacting results in china, japan and certain other markets by an estimated $290 million. results for 2013 reflected higher franchised margin dollars, mostly offset by lower company-operated margin dollars.
interest expense interest expense increased 9% and 1% in 2014 and 2013, respectively, primarily due to higher average debt balances. in addition, interest expense in 2013 benefited from lower average interest rates.
foreign currency and hedging activity            20                 8                 9
interest income consists primarily of interest earned on short-term cash investments. foreign currency and hedging activity includes net gains or losses on certain hedges that reduce the exposure to variability on certain intercompany foreign currency cash flow streams.
provision for income taxes in 2014, 2013 and 2012, the reported effective income tax rates were 35.5%, 31.9% and 32.4%, respectively.
in 2014, the higher effective income tax rate was primarily due to a change in tax reserves for 2003-2010 resulting from an unfavorable lower tax court ruling in a foreign tax jurisdiction, as well as the impact of changes in tax reserves related to audit progression in multiple foreign tax jurisdictions. excluding these items, the effective income tax rate would have been 31.4%.
in 2013, the effective income tax rate included a tax benefit of nearly $50 million, reflecting the retroactive impact of certain tax benefits as a result of the american taxpayer relief act of 2012.
in 2012, the effective income tax rate reflected the negative impact of certain tax benefits in the u.s. that had expired at december 31, 2011 and were reinstated retroactively in 2013 as noted above.
consolidated net deferred tax liabilities included tax assets, net of valuation allowance, of $1.6 billion in 2014 and $1.5 billion in 2013. substantially all of the net tax assets are expected to be realized in the u.s. and other profitable markets.
recently issued accounting standard in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board issued guidance codified in accounting standards codification ("asc") 606, "revenue recognition - revenue from contracts with customers," which amends the guidance in asc 605, "revenue recognition," and becomes effective beginning january 1, 2017. the company is currently evaluating the impact of the provisions of asc 606.
cash flows the company generates significant cash from its operations and has substantial credit availability and capacity to fund operating and discretionary spending such as capital expenditures, debt repayments, dividends and share repurchases.
cash provided by operations totaled $6.7 billion and exceeded capital expenditures by $4.1 billion in 2014, while cash provided by operations totaled $7.1 billion and exceeded capital expenditures by $4.3 billion in 2013. in 2014, cash provided by operations decreased $390 million or 5% compared with 2013 primarily due to lower operating results, partly offset by lower income tax payments. in 2013, cash provided by operations increased $155 million or 2% compared with 2012 primarily due to increased operating results.
cash used for investing activities totaled $2.3 billion in 2014, a decrease of $369 million compared with 2013. the decrease primarily reflected lower capital expenditures, a decrease in other investing activities related to short-term time deposits and higher proceeds from sales of restaurant businesses. cash used for investing activities totaled $2.7 billion in 2013, a decrease of $493 million compared with 2012. the decrease primarily reflected lower capital expenditures and a decrease in other investing activities related to short-term time deposits.
cash used for financing activities totaled $4.6 billion in 2014, an increase of $575 million compared with 2013, primarily due to higher treasury stock purchases, partly offset by an increase in net borrowings. cash used for financing activities totaled $4.0 billion in 2013, an increase of $193 million compared with 2012, primarily due to lower net debt issuances and higher dividend payments, partly offset by lower treasury stock purchases.
the company's cash and equivalents balance was $2.1 billion and $2.8 billion at year end 2014 and 2013, respectively. in addition to cash and equivalents on hand and cash provided by operations, the company can meet short-term funding needs through its continued access to commercial paper borrowings and line of credit agreements.
restaurant development and capital expenditures in 2014, the company opened 1,298 traditional restaurants and 18 satellite restaurants (small, limited-menu restaurants for which the land and building are generally leased), and closed 317 traditional restaurants and 170 satellite restaurants. in 2013, the company opened 1,393 traditional restaurants and 45 satellite restaurants and closed 295 traditional restaurants and 194 satellite restaurants. the majority of restaurant openings and closings occurred in the major markets in both years. the company closes restaurants for a variety of reasons, such as existing sales and profit performance or loss of real estate tenure.
(1)   includes satellite units at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, as follows: u.s.-919, 973, 997; europe-273, 261, 246; apmea (primarily japan)-641, 733, 871; other countries &amp; corporate-433, 451, 453.
approximately 70% of company-operated restaurants and nearly 75% of franchised restaurants were located in the major markets at the end of 2014. over 80% of the restaurants at year-end 2014 were franchised.
22 mcdonald's corporation 2014 annual report capital expenditures decreased $242 million or 9% in 2014, primarily due to lower reinvestment in existing restaurants. capital expenditures decreased $224 million or 7% in 2013, primarily due to lower reinvestment in existing restaurants, partly offset by higher investment in new restaurants. in both years, the lower reinvestment primarily reflected fewer planned reimages.
capital expenditures invested in major markets, excluding japan, represented over 70% of the total in 2014, 2013 and 2012. japan is accounted for under the equity method, and accordingly its capital expenditures are not included in consolidated amounts.
capital expenditures in millions                       2014            2013            2012
total capital expenditures      $2,583          $2,825          $3,049
total assets                   $34,281         $36,626         $35,386
(1)   primarily corporate equipment and other office-related expenditures.
new restaurant investments in all years were concentrated in markets with strong returns or opportunities for long-term growth. average development costs vary widely by market depending on the types of restaurants built and the real estate and construction costs within each market. these costs, which include land, buildings and equipment, are managed through the use of optimally-sized restaurants, construction and design efficiencies, and leveraging best practices. although the company is not responsible for all costs for every restaurant opened, total development costs (consisting of land, buildings and equipment) for new traditional mcdonald's restaurants in the u.s. averaged approximately $3.2 million in 2014.
the company owned approximately 45% of the land and about 70% of the buildings for restaurants in its consolidated markets at year-end 2014 and 2013.
share repurchases and dividends for 2014 through 2016, the company expects to return $18 to $20 billion to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends, subject to business and market conditions. in 2014, the company returned approximately $6.4 billion to shareholders through a combination of dividends paid and shares repurchased.
shares repurchased and dividends in millions, except per share data                        2014            2013            2012
treasury stock purchases (in shareholders' equity)      $3,175          $1,810          $2,605
in july 2012, the company's board of directors approved a $10 billion share repurchase program with no specified expiration date ("2012 program"). in may 2014, the company's board of directors terminated the 2012 program and replaced it with a new share repurchase program, effective july 1, 2014, that authorizes the purchase of up to $10 billion of the company's outstanding common stock with no specified expiration date. in 2014, approximately 33.1 million shares were repurchased for $3.2 billion, of which approximately 20.5 million shares or $1.9 billion were repurchased under the new program.
the company has paid dividends on its common stock for 39 consecutive years and has increased the dividend amount every year. the 2014 full year dividend of $3.28 per share reflects the quarterly dividend paid for each of the first three quarters of $0.81 per share, with an increase to $0.85 per share paid in the fourth quarter. this 5% increase in the quarterly dividend equates to a $3.40 per share annual dividend and reflects the company's confidence in the ongoing strength and reliability of its cash flow. as in the past, future dividend amounts will be considered after reviewing profitability expectations and financing needs, and will be declared at the discretion of the company's board of directors.
financial position and capital resources total assets and returns total assets decreased $2.3 billion or 6% in 2014. excluding the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, total assets increased $578 million in 2014. nearly 80% of total assets were in major markets at year-end 2014. net property and equipment decreased $1.2 billion in 2014, primarily due to the impact of foreign currency translation and depreciation, partly offset by capital expenditures, and represented about 70% of total assets at year end.
operating income is used to compute return on average assets, while net income is used to calculate return on average common equity. month-end balances are used to compute both average assets and average common equity.
returns on assets and equity
return on average assets         21.8   %      24.8   %      25.4   %
return on average commonequity   31.3          35.8          37.5
in 2014 and 2013, return on average assets and return on average common equity decreased, reflecting lower operating results. operating income does not include interest income; however, cash balances are included in average assets. the inclusion of cash balances in average assets reduced return on average assets by about two percentage points for all years presented.
financing and market risk the company generally borrows on a long-term basis and is exposed to the impact of interest rate changes and foreign currency fluctuations. debt obligations at december 31, 2014 totaled $15.0 billion, compared with $14.1 billion at december 31, 2013. the net increase in 2014 was primarily due to net issuances of $1.5 billion partly offset by changes in exchange rates on foreign currency denominated debt of $663 million.
foreign currency-denominated debtas a percent of total debt(2)                                  40            41            36
total debt as a percent of totalcapitalization (total debt and totalshareholders' equity)(2)    54            47            47
(1)   all percentages are as of december 31, except for the weighted-average annual interest rate, which is for the year.
(2)   based on debt obligations before the effect of fair value hedging adjustments. this effect is excluded as these adjustments have no impact on the obligation at maturity. see debt financing note to the consolidated financial statements.
fitch, standard & poor's and moody's currently rate, with a stable outlook, the company's commercial paper f1, a-1 and p-1, respectively; and its long-term debt a, a and a2, respectively.
certain of the company's debt obligations contain cross-acceleration provisions and restrictions on company and subsidiary mortgages and the long-term debt of certain subsidiaries. there are no provisions in the company's debt obligations that would accelerate repayment of debt as a result of a change in credit ratings or a material adverse change in the company's business. under existing authorization from the company's board of directors, at december 31, 2014, the company had $4.5 billion of authority remaining to borrow funds, including through (i) public or private offering of debt securities; (ii) direct borrowing from banks or other financial institutions; and (iii) other forms of indebtedness. in addition to debt securities available through a medium-term notes program registered with the u.s. securities and exchange commission ("sec") and a global medium-term notes program, the company has $2.5 billion available under a committed line of credit agreement as well as authority to issue commercial paper in the u.s. and global markets (see debt financing note to the consolidated financial statements). debt maturing in 2015 is approximately $1.1 billion of long-term corporate debt. in 2015, the company expects to issue commercial paper and long-term debt to refinance this maturing debt. as of december 31, 2014, the company's subsidiaries also had $863 million of borrowings outstanding, primarily under uncommitted foreign currency line of credit agreements.
the company uses major capital markets, bank financings and derivatives to meet its financing requirements and reduce interest expense. the company manages its debt portfolio in response to changes in interest rates and foreign currency rates by periodically retiring, redeeming and repurchasing debt, terminating swaps and using derivatives. the company does not hold or issue derivatives for trading purposes. all swaps are over-the-counter instruments.
in managing the impact of interest rate changes and foreign currency fluctuations, the company uses interest rate swaps and finances in the currencies in which assets are denominated. the company uses foreign currency debt and derivatives to hedge the foreign currency risk associated with certain royalties, intercompany financings and long-term investments in foreign subsidiaries and affiliates. this reduces the impact of fluctuating foreign currencies on cash flows and shareholders' equity. total foreign currency-denominated debt was $5.9 billion and $5.8 billion for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. in addition, where practical, the company's restaurants purchase goods and services in local currencies resulting in natural hedges. see the summary of significant accounting policies note to the consolidated financial statements related to financial instruments and hedging activities for additional information regarding the accounting impact and use of derivatives.
the company does not have significant exposure to any individual counterparty and has master agreements that contain netting arrangements. certain of these agreements also require each party to post collateral if credit ratings fall below, or aggregate exposures exceed, certain contractual limits. at december 31, 2014, neither the company nor its counterparties were required to post collateral on any derivative position, other than on hedges of certain of the company's supplemental benefit plan liabilities where our counterparty was required to post collateral on its liability position.
the company's net asset exposure is diversified among a broad basket of currencies. the company's largest net asset exposures (defined as foreign currency assets less foreign currency liabilities) at year end were as follows:
foreign currency net asset exposures in millions of u.s. dollars        2014            2013
british pounds sterling           1,460           1,479
the company prepared sensitivity analyses of its financial instruments to determine the impact of hypothetical changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates on the company's results of operations, cash flows and the fair value of its financial instruments. the interest rate analysis assumed a one percentage point adverse change in interest rates on all financial instruments, but did not consider the effects of the reduced level of economic activity that could exist in such an environment. the foreign currency rate analysis assumed that each foreign currency rate would change by 10% in the same direction relative to the u.s. dollar on all financial instruments; however, the analysis did not include the potential impact on revenues, local currency prices or the effect of fluctuating currencies on the company's anticipated foreign currency royalties and other payments received from the markets. based on the results of these analyses of the company's financial instruments, neither a one percentage point adverse change in interest rates from 2014 levels nor a 10% adverse change in foreign currency rates from 2014 levels would materially affect the company's results of operations, cash flows or the fair value of its financial instruments.
liquidity the company has significant operations outside the u.s. where we earn over 60% of our operating income. a significant portion of these historical earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign jurisdictions where the company has made,
24 mcdonald's corporation 2014 annual report and will continue to make, substantial investments to support the ongoing development and growth of our international operations. accordingly, no u.s. federal or state income taxes have been provided on these undistributed foreign earnings. the company's cash and equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries totaled approximately $1.2 billion as of december 31, 2014. we do not intend, nor do we foresee a need, to repatriate these funds.
consistent with prior years, we expect existing domestic cash and equivalents, domestic cash flows from operations, annual repatriation of a portion of the current period's foreign earnings, and the issuance of domestic debt to continue to be sufficient to fund our domestic operating, investing, and financing activities. we also continue to expect existing foreign cash and equivalents and foreign cash flows from operations to be sufficient to fund our foreign operating, investing, and financing activities.
in the future, should we require more capital to fund activities in the u.s. than is generated by our domestic operations and is available through the issuance of domestic debt, we could elect to repatriate a greater portion of future periods' earnings from foreign jurisdictions. this could also result in a higher effective tax rate in the future.
while the likelihood is remote, to the extent foreign cash is available, the company could also elect to repatriate earnings from foreign jurisdictions that have previously been considered to be indefinitely reinvested. upon distribution of those earnings in the form of dividends or otherwise, the company may be subject to additional u.s. income taxes (net of an adjustment for foreign tax credits), which could result in a use of cash. this could also result in a higher effective tax rate in the period in which such a determination is made to repatriate prior period foreign earnings. refer to the income taxes note to the consolidated financial statements for further information related to our income taxes and the undistributed earnings of the company's foreign subsidiaries.
contractual obligations and commitments the company has long-term contractual obligations primarily in the form of lease obligations (related to both company-operated and franchised restaurants) and debt obligations. in addition, the company has long-term revenue and cash flow streams that relate to its franchise arrangements. cash provided by operations (including cash provided by these franchise arrangements) along with the company's borrowing capacity and other sources of cash will be used to satisfy the obligations. the following table summarizes the company's contractual obligations and their aggregate maturities as well as future minimum rent payments due to the company under existing franchise arrangements as of december 31, 2014. see discussions of cash flows and financial position and capital resources as well as the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further details.
(1)   the maturities include reclassifications of short-term obligations to long-term obligations of $2.2 billion, as they are supported by a long-term line of credit agreement expiring in december 2019. debt obligations do not include $5 million of noncash fair value hedging adjustments or $234 million of accrued interest.
in the u.s., the company maintains certain supplemental benefit plans that allow participants to (i) make tax-deferred contributions and (ii) receive company-provided allocations that cannot be made under the qualified benefit plans because of internal revenue service ("irs") limitations. at december 31, 2014, total liabilities for the supplemental plans were $534 million.
in addition, total liabilities for gross unrecognized tax benefits were $988 million at december 31, 2014.
there are certain purchase commitments that are not recognized in the consolidated financial statements and are primarily related to construction, inventory, energy, marketing and other service related arrangements that occur in the normal course of business. the amounts related to these commitments are not significant to the company's financial position. such commitments are generally shorter term in nature and will be funded from operating cash flows.
other matters critical accounting policies and estimates management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon the company's consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. the preparation of these financial statements requires the company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses as well as related disclosures. on an ongoing basis, the company evaluates its estimates and judgments based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results may differ from these estimates under various assumptions or conditions.
the company reviews its financial reporting and disclosure practices and accounting policies quarterly to ensure that they provide accurate and transparent information relative to the current economic and business environment. the company believes that of its significant accounting policies, the following involve a higher degree of judgment and/or complexity:
▪   property and equipment property and equipment are depreciated or amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful lives based on management's estimates of the period over which the assets will generate revenue (not to exceed lease term plus options for leased property). the useful lives are estimated based on historical experience with similar assets, taking into account anticipated technological or other changes. the company periodically reviews these lives relative to physical factors, economic factors and industry trends. if there are changes in the planned use of property and equipment, or if technological changes occur more rapidly than anticipated, the useful lives assigned to these assets may need to be shortened, resulting in the accelerated recognition of depreciation and amortization expense or write-offs in future periods.
▪   share-based compensation the company has a share-based compensation plan which authorizes the granting of various equity-based incentives including stock options and restricted stock units ("rsus") to employees and nonemployee directors. the expense for these equity-based incentives is based on their fair value at date of grant and generally amortized over their vesting period.
the fair value of each stock option granted is estimated on the date of grant using a closed-form pricing model. the pricing model requires assumptions, which impact the assumed fair value, including the expected life of the stock option, the risk-free interest rate, expected volatility of the company's stock over the expected mcdonald's corporation 2014 annual report 25
life and the expected dividend yield. the company uses historical data to determine these assumptions and if these assumptions change significantly for future grants, share-based compensation expense will fluctuate in future years. the fair value of each rsu granted is equal to the market price of the company's stock at date of grant less the present value of expected dividends over the vesting period.
▪   long-lived assets impairment review long-lived assets (including goodwill) are reviewed for impairment annually in the fourth quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. in assessing the recoverability of the company's long-lived assets, the company considers changes in economic conditions and makes assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors. estimates of future cash flows are highly subjective judgments based on the company's experience and knowledge of its operations. these estimates can be significantly impacted by many factors including changes in global and local business and economic conditions, operating costs, inflation, competition, and consumer and demographic trends. a key assumption impacting estimated future cash flows is the estimated change in comparable sales. if the company's estimates or underlying assumptions change in the future, the company may be required to record impairment charges. based on the annual goodwill impairment test, conducted in the fourth quarter, the company does not have any reporting units (defined as each individual country) with risk of material goodwill impairment.
▪   litigation accruals in the ordinary course of business, the company is subject to proceedings, lawsuits and other claims primarily related to competitors, customers, employees, franchisees, government agencies, intellectual property, shareholders and suppliers. the company is required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters as well as potential ranges of probable losses. a determination of the amount of accrual required, if any, for these contingencies is made after careful analysis of each matter. the required accrual may change in the future due to new developments in each matter or changes in approach such as a change in settlement strategy in dealing with these matters. the company does not believe that any such matter currently being reviewed will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations.
▪   income taxes the company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred assets will not be realized. while the company has considered future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax strategies, including the sale of appreciated assets, in assessing the need for the valuation allowance, if these estimates and assumptions change in the future, the company may be required to adjust its valuation allowance. this could result in a charge to, or an increase in, income in the period such determination is made.
the company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions. the company records accruals for the estimated outcomes of these audits, and the accruals may change in the future due to new developments in each matter.
in 2014, the company increased the balance of unrecognized tax benefits related to tax positions taken in prior years by $505 million, most of which came from foreign-related tax matters. after considering the impact of deferred tax offsets, interest and penalties, these foreign-related tax matters impacted the effective tax rate by 4.1%. see the income taxes footnote in the consolidated financial statements for the related tax reconciliations. the most significant new developments in 2014 are described below.
in 2014, the company received an unfavorable lower tax court ruling in a foreign tax jurisdiction related to exempt income matters. as a result of this new information, the company changed its judgment on the sustainability of this tax position for 2003-2010 and recorded an increase in the gross unrecognized tax benefits of $188 million. the company intends to pursue all available remedies to defend this tax position.
in addition, the company received new information from tax authorities during the progression of tax audits in multiple foreign tax jurisdictions, including the receipt of proposed tax assessments primarily related to transfer pricing matters. as a result of this new information, the company changed its judgment on the measurement of the related unrecognized tax benefits and recorded an increase in the gross unrecognized tax benefits of $207 million. the company settled certain of these tax audits in 2014 and plans to defend its position with the tax authorities on the remaining audits.
also in 2014, the internal revenue service ("irs") concluded its field examination of the company's u.s. federal income tax returns for 2009 and 2010. in connection with this examination, the company agreed to certain adjustments proposed by the irs. the liabilities previously recorded related to these adjustments were adequate. in connection with this examination, the company also received notices of proposed adjustments ("nopas") related to certain transfer pricing matters and engaged in audit defense discussions with the irs. as a result of this new information, the company changed its judgment on the measurement of the related unrecognized tax benefits and recorded an increase in the gross unrecognized tax benefits of $38 million. the company disagrees with these proposed adjustments and will file a protest with the irs appeals office in 2015.
while the company cannot predict the ultimate resolution of the aforementioned tax matters, we believe that the liabilities recorded are appropriate and adequate as determined in accordance with topic 740 - income taxes of the accounting standards codification ("asc").
in 2012, the irs completed its examination of the company's u.s. federal income tax returns for 2007 and 2008. the company and the irs reached an agreement on adjustments that had been previously proposed by the irs. the agreement did not have a material impact on the company's cash flows, results of operations or financial position.
deferred u.s. income taxes have not been recorded for temporary differences totaling $15.4 billion related to investments in certain foreign subsidiaries and corporate affiliates. the temporary differences consist primarily of undistributed earnings that are considered permanently invested in operations outside the u.s. if management's intentions change in the future, deferred taxes may need to be provided.
effects of changing prices-inflation the company has demonstrated an ability to manage inflationary cost increases effectively. this ability is because of rapid inventory turnover, the ability to adjust menu prices, cost controls and substantial property holdings, many of which are at fixed costs and partly financed by debt made less expensive by inflation.
26 mcdonald's corporation 2014 annual report reconciliation of returns on incremental invested capital roiic is a measure reviewed by management over one-year and three-year time periods to evaluate the overall profitability of our markets, the effectiveness of capital deployed and the future allocation of capital. this measure is calculated using operating income and constant foreign exchange rates to exclude the impact of foreign currency translation. the numerator is the company's incremental operating income plus depreciation and amortization from the base period.
the denominator is the weighted-average cash used for investing activities during the applicable one-or three-year period. the weighted-average cash used for investing activities is based on a weighting applied on a quarterly basis. these weightings are used to reflect the estimated contribution of each quarter's investing activities to incremental operating income. for example, fourth quarter 2014 investing activities are weighted less because the assets purchased have only recently been deployed and would have generated little incremental operating income (12.5% of fourth quarter 2014 investing activities are included in the one-year and three-year calculations). in contrast, fourth quarter 2013 is heavily weighted because the assets purchased were deployed more than 12 months ago, and therefore have a full-year impact on 2014 operating income, with little or no impact to the base period (87.5% and 100.0% of fourth quarter 2013 investing activities are included in the one-year and three-year calculations, respectively). cash used for investing activities can vary significantly by quarter, resulting in a weighted-average that may be higher or lower than the simple average of the periods presented. management believes that weighting cash used for investing activities provides a more accurate reflection of the relationship between its investments and returns than a simple average.
the reconciliations to the most comparable measurements, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s., for the numerator and denominator of the one-year and three-year roiic are as follows:
change in operating income plus depreciation and                                                                 $(603.7    )
amortization (at constant foreign exchange rates)
weighted-average cash used for                                                                                  $2,769.2
investing activities(2)
weighted-average cash used for investing activities                                                             $2,757.0
(at constant foreign exchange rates)
(1)   represents the effect of foreign currency translation by translating results at an average exchange rate for the periods measured.
(2)   represents one-year weighted-average cash used for investing activities, determined by applying the weightings below to the cash used for investing activities for each quarter in the two-year period ended december 31, 2014.
cash used for investing activities            $2,304.9                  $2,673.8
change in operating income plus depreciation and                                                                  $122.6
amortization (at constant foreign exchange rates)
weighted-average cash used for                                                                                  $8,547.2
investing activities(4)
weighted-average cash used for investing activities                                                             $8,553.5
(at constant foreign exchange rates)
(3)   represents the effect of foreign currency translation by translating results at an average exchange rate for the periods measured.
(4)   represents three-year weighted-average cash used for investing activities, determined by applying the weightings below to the cash used for investing activities for each quarter in the four-year period ended december 31, 2014.
cash used for             $2,304.9           $2,673.8           $3,167.3           $2,570.9
investing activities as a percent quarters ended:
risk factors and cautionary statement about forward-looking information this report includes forward-looking statements about our plans and future performance, including those under outlook for 2015. these statements use such words as "may," "will," "expect," "believe" and "plan." they reflect our expectations and speak only as of the date of this report. we do not undertake to update them. our expectations (or the underlying assumptions) may change or not be realized, and you should not rely unduly on forward-looking statements. we have identified the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our performance elsewhere in this report, and investors are urged to consider these risks and uncertainties when evaluating our historical and expected performance.