item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements relating to our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and resources. such forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with our disclosures under "item 1a. risk factors" of this form 10-k.
executive overview revenue for 2014 reached a record $48.6 billion, up 7% and growing for the fifth consecutive year. in north america, revenue surged by $2.3 billion, or 16%, driven by strong activity both on land and offshore as well as by the penetration of innovative hydraulic stimulation technologies. international revenue increased by $1.2 billion, or 4%, on significant strength in the middle east & asia, despite considerable headwinds in the face of activity challenges, geopolitical unrest, falling oil prices and international sanctions elsewhere.
oil markets remained relatively well-balanced during 2014 as increasing global production capacity almost matched increasing demand. yet, after more than three years of remarkable stability, oil prices declined dramatically by more than 40% late in the year to end at their lowest levels since 2009. however, unlike the 2009 decline which was triggered by a global economic recession, the 2014 decline resulted from a higher market supply of oil that became increasingly evident as north american tight oil production continued to grow and opec shifted focus from protecting oil prices to protecting market share. at the same time, production recovered in countries that had suffered degrees of geopolitical disturbance, and the us dollar strengthened to further weaken overall commodity prices.
in natural gas markets, us prices reached multiyear highs in february 2014 on exceptionally cold weather and risks of local supply shortages. storage, however, returned to historical average levels at the end of 2014 as sustained production growth in the marcellus play and increasing associated gas production in us tight oil plays more than offset the impact of low activity levels in other unconventional plays. overall, these increasing supplies more than met growing demand. internationally, natural gas prices eased broadly in 2014 on mild temperatures in europe, lng capacity additions in the pacific region, and the impact of weaker oil prices on oil-indexed natural gas pricing formulas.
against this background, schlumberger's performance in 2014 was led by north america, where revenue grew by 16% on robust land activity, increased service intensity, market share gains and new technology penetration. offshore operations, however, suffered from a number of operational delays that particularly affected drilling and exploration activity. the 4% growth in international revenue was led by activity in a number of key markets, both on land and offshore. middle east & asia revenue grew by 10%, driven by saudi arabia, australia, the united arab emirates and oman.  revenue in europe/cis/africa improved by 1%, led by the sub-saharan region on strong exploration and development activities in the central west africa, angola and continental europe geomarkets. norway also showed strong growth through market share gains and higher rig-related services for a number of customers. in latin america, however, revenue slipped by 1% as strong activity in venezuela and ecuador was unable to compensate for lower activity and pricing in both brazil and mexico.
from a group perspective, performance was led by the drilling group, mainly as result of robust demand for drilling & measurements services and m-i swaco technologies as activity strengthened in north america and middle east & asia. rig revenue from the may 2014 acquisition of saxon also contributed to drilling group growth. the production group benefitted from strong results in well services, where pressure pumping activity increased through market share gains, operational efficiency improvements and the introduction of new technology. schlumberger production management grew as projects in latin america, particularly in ecuador, continued to progress ahead of plan. production group activity was also boosted by expansion in the artificial lift business as a number of regional acquisitions were added to the portfolio, both in operations and in equipment design and production. however, strength in the drilling and production groups was offset by a slight fall in reservoir characterization group revenue. while testing activity expanded on higher exploration work and software sales increased in all areas, weakness in the seismic market lowered marine vessel utilization and reduced multiclient seismic data license sales.
as schlumberger enters a challenging 2015, the reduction in commodity prices, which have resulted from the higher marketed supply of oil, raises short-term uncertainty as it relates to the spending and activity levels of our customers. however, schlumberger believes that the oil markets are, in fact, relatively well-balanced and that increasing global production capacity is in line with the overall growth in demand resulting from the continuing global economic recovery. in the longer term, decline rates will impact production capacity, and weaker exploration will delay supply additions, the combination of which ultimately will lead to tighter market conditions and consequently drive increasing investment.
in this uncertain environment, schlumberger continues to focus on the things it can control and has already restructured and resized the business to match the reduced activity levels it expects as 2015 develops.  these actions resulted in certain charges, which are described in detail in note 3 to the reduced consolidated financial statements, being recorded during the fourth quarter of 2014.
charges &amp; credits (4)                                    (1,773   )                                           -
charges &amp; credits (4)                                   (1,773   )                                           -
(1)   comprised principally of certain corporate expenses not allocated to the segments, interest on postretirement medical benefits, stock-based compensation costs, amortization expense associated with certain intangible assets and other nonoperating items.
(4)   charges and credits are described in detail in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
sequentially, reservoir characterization group revenue decreased 3%, to $3.1 billion, and drilling group revenue decreased 3%, to $4.7 billion. production group revenue increased 5% sequentially to $5.0 billion. the decrease in reservoir characterization group revenue was primarily due to the seasonal drop in marine seismic activity in the north sea and eastern canada.  wireline revenue also decreased on lower exploration activity in angola and seasonal activity and currency declines in russia.  these sequential decreases were partially offset by year-end multiclient license and software sales. drilling group revenue decreased primarily on unfavorable currency effects and activity declines in russia for drilling & measurements and m-i swaco technologies.  in mexico, lower
integrated project management (ipm) activity, due to budgetary constraints, also contributed to the decrease. the increase in production group revenue reflected stronger activity in western canada, higher uptake of technology, continued efficiency improvements, and improved pressure pumping logistics in north america land. year-end sales of completions and artificial lift products also contributed to the sequential increase.
sequentially by area, middle east & asia led the increase with revenue of $3.1 billion growing 4%, driven by record revenue in saudi arabia and bahrain, increased activity in kuwait and the united arab emirates, and year-end product and software sales across the area. in latin america, revenue of $2.1 billion grew by 1% on increased activity in venezuela and colombia, offset by decreased work scope in mexico due to budgetary constraints. in europe/cis/africa, revenue of $3.1 billion fell 7% due mainly to weakness in the ruble and the seasonal activity decline in russia.  following the peak summer drilling and exploration campaigns of the previous quarter, customer spending decelerated as oil prices weakened.  as a result, rig count reductions led to activity declines in angola, norway and the united kingdom geomarkets. north america revenue of $4.3 billion increased 2% sequentially with land revenue up 5%.  land revenue increased both in the us and western canada on higher pressure pumping activity, continued efficiency improvement, and higher uptake of new technology.  fourth-quarter activity in the us gulf of mexico increased by 12% driven by year-end multiclient license sales and the resumption of operations after loop current disruptions in the third quarter. eastern canada revenue declined sequentially following completion of the season's exploration program and marine seismic activity.
sequentially, pretax operating margin of 22.0% decreased 19 basis points (bps), as international area pretax operating margin of 24.2% decreased 33 bps.  middle east & asia margin increased 71 bps to 28.3% while latin america decreased 102 bps to 20.9% and europe/cis/africa declined 112 bps to 22.3%.  the decline in international area margin was primarily driven by an unfavorable revenue mix in the fourth quarter following the high-margin peak summer drilling and exploration campaigns of the third quarter. unfavorable currency effects and activity declines in russia also contributed to margin contraction. north america pretax operating margin increased 24 bps sequentially, to 19.6%, on increased western canada activity, continued efficiency gains, and increased penetration of new technology. north america offshore margin improved on a better revenue mix from high-margin multiclient license sales. sequentially by segment, reservoir characterization group pretax operating margin of 30.9% was 95 bps higher on a favorable revenue mix from high-margin multiclient license and software sales while drilling group pretax operating margin declined 94 bps to 20.7% mainly due to currency and activity declines in russia. reservoir production group pretax operating margin of 18.3% was flat sequentially as pricing pressure, particularly in the us land market, was offset by improved activity in western canada and by improved efficiency, better fleet utilization, and recovery of logistical costs in the north america land markets.
reservoir characterization group fourth-quarter revenue of $3.1 billion declined 3% sequentially. pretax operating income of $956 million was flat sequentially. the decrease in revenue was primarily driven by the seasonal drop in marine seismic activity in the north sea and eastern canada.  wireline revenue also decreased on lower exploration activity in angola and seasonal activity and currency declines in russia.  these sequential decreases were partially offset by year-end multiclient license and software sales.
these decreases were primarily due to the unfavorable currency effects and activity declines in russia for drilling & measurements and m-i swaco technologies.  in mexico, lower ipm activity due to budgetary constraints also contributed to the decrease.
sequentially, pretax operating margin declined 94 bps, to 20.7%, mainly due to currency and activity declines in russia.
production group fourth-quarter revenue of $5.0 billion increased 5% sequentially. pretax operating income of $908 million was 6% higher sequentially.  sequentially, revenue increased due to improved activity in western canada, higher uptake of new technology, continued efficiency improvements, and improved logistics in pressure pumping in north america land. year-end sales of completions and artificial lift products also contributed to the sequential increase.
sequentially, pretax operating margin of 18.3% was flat as pricing pressure, particularly in the us land market, was offset by an improved volume of activity in western canada and by improved efficiency, better fleet utilization, and recovery of logistical costs in the north america land markets.
charges &amp; credits (4)                                 (1,773   )                                      420
charges &amp; credits (4)                                (1,773   )                                      420
(1)   comprised principally of certain corporate expenses not allocated to the segments, interest on postretirement medical benefits, stock-based compensation costs, amortization expense associated with certain intangible assets and other nonoperating items.
(4)   charges and credits are described in detail in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
full-year 2014 revenue of $48.6 billion grew $3.3 billion, or 7%, versus the same period last year with international revenue of $32.1 billion increasing $1.2 billion, or 4%, and north america revenue of $16.2 billion growing $2.3 billion, or 16%.
internationally, higher activities in a number of geomarkets, both offshore and in key land markets, contributed to the increase.  the increase was led by the middle east & asia which increased 10%, mainly from robust drilling and exploration results in saudi arabia, australia, the united arab emirates and oman.  europe/cis/africa increased 1%, led by the sub-saharan africa region on strong development and exploration activities, particularly in central west africa, angola and continental europe geomarkets.  norway also experienced strong growth driven by market share gains and higher rig-related services for a number of customers.  latin
america, however, decreased 1% primarily as a result of lower activity and pricing in brazil and mexico which was partially offset by strong activity in argentina and ecuador.
north america revenue increased 16% mainly due to land which was up 22%, while offshore was down 3%.  the increase in land was driven by market share gains in pressure pumping, artificial lift and drilling services.   the pressure pumping growth was augmented by improvements in operational efficiency and the introduction of new technologies.  the decrease in offshore revenue was attributable to lower drilling and exploration activities, and due to a series of operational delays that impacted several product lines earlier in the year combined with lower multiclient sales.
full-year 2014 pretax operating income of $10.6 billion grew $1.2 billion, or 13%, versus the same period last year with international pretax operating income of $7.7 billion increasing 12% and north america pretax operating income of $3.1 billion increasing 12%.
full-year 2014 pretax operating margin of 21.8% increased 113 bps compared to 2013, as international area pretax operating margin was up 168 bps, to 23.9%, while north america pretax operating margin was down 75 bps, to 18.9%.  the increase in international area margins reflected increased high-margin exploration activities, market share gains, growth in accretive integration-related activities and premium pricing on new technology introductions.  the north america margin contraction reflected pressure pumping commodity inflation.
year-on-year, pretax operating margin increased 14 bps, to 29.5%, largely due to the higher-margin exploration activities that benefited wireline technologies and testing services.  higher margin software sales also contributed to the improvement.   these increases were partially offset by lower profitability in westerngeco due to lower vessel utilization and lower petrotechnical services multiclient seismic sales.
drilling group full-year 2014 revenue of $18.5 billion was 8% higher than the 2013, primarily due to the robust demand for drilling & measurements services and m-i swaco technologies as activity strengthened in the north america and middle east & asia areas.  rig revenue from the may 2014 acquisition of saxon also contributed to the growth.
year-on-year, pretax operating margin increased 171 bps, to 21.0%, primarily due to the increase in higher-margin exploration activities of drilling & measurements in north america offshore and in the international markets.  improved profitability on integrated project management activities also contributed to the margin increase.
year-on-year, pretax operating margin increased 138 bps, to 17.8%, mainly on improved profitability for well services and well intervention, particularly in the international areas.  spm activities also contributed to the margin expansion.  however, these improvements were partially offset by the decrease in margins in north america due to pressure pumping commodity cost inflation.
charges &amp; credits (4)                                   420                                         (161   )
charges &amp; credits (4)                                  420                                         (161   )
(1)   comprised principally of certain corporate expenses not allocated to the segments, interest on postretirement medical benefits, stock-based compensation costs, amortization expense associated with certain intangible assets and other nonoperating items.
(4)   charges and credits are described in detail in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
full-year 2013 revenue of $45.3 billion increased 8% versus the same period last year with international revenue 11% higher and north america revenue increasing 3%.
internationally, higher exploration and development activities in a number of geomarkets, both offshore and in key land markets, contributed to the increase.  the increase was led by the middle east & asia, which increased 24%, mainly from robust results across a diversified portfolio of projects and activities in saudi arabia, iraq, and united arab emirates; increased seismic surveys across asia; and sustained land and offshore drilling activity in the australasia and china geomarkets.  europe/cis/africa increased 8%, led by the russia and central asia region on strong land activity in west siberia and robust offshore projects in sakhalin.  the sub-
saharan africa region increased on strong development, exploration and seismic activities as well.  latin america was 3% higher, mainly due to solid progress on an spm project in ecuador and strong ipm results in argentina.
north america growth was driven by increased offshore revenue as a result of higher drilling and exploration activities.  this increase was largely offset by a decline in land as a result of a reduction in rig count and pricing weakness in the areas of drilling, stimulation and wireline, although the downward pricing trend slowed during the second and third quarters.
pretax operating margin of 20.6% increased 119 bps, as international pretax operating margin expanded 225 bps to 22.2%, while north america pretax operating margin declined 55 bps to 19.7%.  the expansion in international margins was due to increased high-margin exploration, seismic and deepwater activities, while the north american margin contraction was due to continued pricing pressure.
reservoir characterization group full-year revenue of $12.5 billion was 10% higher than the same period last year led by testing services, westerngeco, wireline and sis technologies, primarily due to market share gains and higher exploration activity in both offshore and key international land markets.
pretax operating margin increased 226 bps to 29.4% largely due to the higher-margin exploration activities that benefited testing services and wireline technologies.
drilling group full-year revenue of $17.1 billion was 9% higher than the previous year primarily due to the robust demand for drilling & measurements services as offshore drilling activity strengthened in the us gulf of mexico, sub-sahara africa, russia and the middle east & asia area and rig count increases in key international land markets, namely in saudi arabia, china and australia.  drilling tools & remedial and m-i swaco technologies expanded across all areas and ipm increased on projects in iraq, australia and argentina.
pretax operating margin increased 156 bps to 19.3% primarily due to drilling & measurements, which benefited from higher-margin exploration activities both in north america offshore and in the international markets.
production group full-year revenue of $15.9 billion increased 8% year-on-year on increased well intervention activity and strong international sales of completion and artificial lift products and well services technologies.  spm also posted strong growth.  while north america land rig count declined, well and stage counts increased through drilling efficiency.  despite the efficiency-driven activity increase, well services revenue in north america declined due to pricing weakness.
pretax operating margin increased slightly by 72 bps to 16.4%. margin expanded as a result of improved profitability in spm, completions and artificial lift, partially offset by a margin decline in well services technologies, primarily in north america, as a result of pricing pressure and cost inflation.
earnings of equity method investments       240                 132                 142
the increase in earnings of equity method investments in 2014 as compared to 2013 primarily reflects the strong performance of a drilling service company in which schlumberger has an investment, as well as the impact of the first full year of results from the onesubsea joint venture.
interest expense of $391 million in 2013 increased by $51 million compared to 2012 primarily due to an increase in the weighted average debt balance of approximately $1.2 billion combined with a 0.1% increase in the weighted average borrowing rates from 3.1% in 2012 to 3.2% in 2013.
the schlumberger effective tax rate is sensitive to the geographic mix of earnings. when the percentage of pretax earnings generated outside of north america increases, the schlumberger effective tax rate will generally decrease. conversely, when the percentage of pretax earnings generated outside of north america decreases, the schlumberger effective tax rate will generally increase.
the effective tax rate for both 2014 and 2013 was significantly impacted by the charges and credits described in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.  excluding the impact of these charges and credits, the effective tax rate in 2014 was 21.9% compared to 22.9% in 2013.  the decrease in the effective tax rate, excluding the impact of charges and credits, was primarily attributable to the change in the geographic mix of earnings and the favorable resolution of tax examinations in certain jurisdictions.
the charges and credits recorded in both 2014 and 2013 had a significant impact on the effective tax rate because, for the most part, they were not tax effective. however, the charges and credits in 2012 did not have a significant impact on the effective tax rate.  the decrease in the effective tax rate in 2013 as compared to 2012, excluding the impact of charges and credits, was primarily attributable to the fact that schlumberger generated a smaller proportion of its pretax earnings in north america in 2013 as compared to 2012.
charges and credits schlumberger recorded significant charges and credits in continuing operations during 2014, 2013 and 2012. these charges and credits, which are summarized below, are more fully described in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
the following is a summary of the 2014 charges and credits:
the following is a summary of the 2013 charges and credits:
pretax                tax                 net             classification gain on formation of onesubsea joint venture   $(1,028     )         $-                  $(1,028     )   gain on formation of onesubsea impairment of equity method investments        364                   19                  345             impairments &amp; other provision for accounts receivable              152                   30                  122             cost of revenue currency devaluation loss in venezuela         92                         -              92              impairments &amp; other
the following is a summary of the 2012 charges and credits:
net debt net debt represents gross debt less cash, short-term investments and fixed income investments, held to maturity. management believes that net debt provides useful information regarding the level of schlumberger's indebtedness by reflecting cash and investments that could be used to repay debt.
earnings of equity method investments, less dividends received                         (113    )                 (71    )                 (61   )
pension and other postretirement benefits expense                                       355                      518                      403
pension and other postretirement benefits funding                                      (390    )                (538    )                (673   )
(increase) decrease in working capital                                                  (36    )                  90                   (2,045   )
capital expenditures                                                                 (3,976    )              (3,943    )              (4,694   )
multiclient seismic data capitalized                                                   (321    )                (394    )                (351   )
business acquisitions and investments, net of cash acquired and debt assumed         (1,501    )                (610    )                (845   )
proceeds from divestiture                                                                 -                        -                    1,028
(2)   "free cash flow" represents cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, spm investments and multiclient seismic data capitalized. management believes that this is an important measure because it represents funds available to reduce debt and pursue opportunities that enhance shareholder value such as acquisitions and returning cash to shareholders through stock repurchases and dividends.
fixed income investments, held to maturity   442                       363                       245
key liquidity events during 2014, 2013 and 2012 included:
●   during the second quarter of 2013, schlumberger paid cameron $600 million in connection with the formation of the onesubsea joint venture.
●   during the third quarter of 2012, schlumberger completed the divestiture of its 56% interest in ce franklin ltd. for $122 million in cash.
●   during the second quarter of 2012, schlumberger completed the divestiture of its wilson distribution business for $906 million in cash.
on july 18, 2013, the board approved a new $10 billion share repurchase program to be completed at the latest by june 30, 2018. schlumberger had repurchased $6.4 billion of shares under this new share repurchase program as of december 31, 2014.  schlumberger is accelerating this share repurchase program with the aim of completing it in 2.5 years as compared to the original target of 5 years.
the following table summarizes the activity under these share repurchase programs during 2014, 2013 and 2012:
·   net cash provided by operating activities was $11.2 billion in 2014, $10.7 billion in 2013 and $6.9 billion in 2012. the increase in net cash flow from operations in 2014 as compared to 2013 was largely attributable to an increase in earnings before non-cash charges and credits and depreciation and amortization expense. the improvement in net cash flow from operating activities in 2013 as compared to 2012 reflected a strong working capital performance despite an 8.5% increase in revenue.
at times in recent years, schlumberger has experienced delays in payments from its national oil company customer in venezuela. schlumberger operates in approximately 85 countries. at december 31, 2014, only three of those countries individually accounted for greater than 5% of schlumberger's accounts receivable balance, of which only one, the united states, represented greater than 10%. venezuela represented less than 5% of schlumberger's accounts receivable balance at december 31, 2014.
on january 15, 2015, schlumberger announced that its board had approved a 25% increase in the quarterly dividend, to $0.50.
on january 16, 2014, schlumberger announced that its board had approved a 28% increase in the quarterly dividend  to $0.40.
on january 17, 2013, schlumberger announced that its board had approved a 13.6% increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.3125.
●   capital expenditures were $4.0 billion in 2014, $3.9 billion in 2013 and $4.7 billion in 2012. capital expenditures are expected to approach $3.4 billion for the full year 2015.
●   during 2014, 2013 and 2012 schlumberger made contributions of $390 million, $538 million and $673 million, respectively, to its postretirement benefit plans. the us pension plans were 86% funded at december 31, 2014 based on the projected benefit obligation. this compares to 96% funded at december 31, 2013.
schlumberger's international defined benefit pension plans were a combined 94% funded at december 31, 2014 based on the projected benefit obligation. this compares to 104% funded at december 31, 2013.
schlumberger currently anticipates contributing approximately $400 million to its postretirement benefit plans in 2015, subject to market and business conditions.
on january 20, 2015, schlumberger announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire a minority ownership of approximately 45% in eurasia drilling company limited, the largest provider of onshore drilling services in russia.  the cost of this transaction, which is expected to close during the first quarter of 2015, is approximately $1.7 billion in cash.
as of december 31, 2014, schlumberger had $7.5 billion of cash and short-term investments on hand. schlumberger had separate committed debt facility agreements aggregating $3.9 billion with commercial banks, of which $2.3 billion was available and unused as of december 31, 2014. the $3.9 billion of committed debt facility agreements included $3.5 billion of committed facilities which support commercial paper programs. schlumberger believes that these amounts are sufficient to meet future business requirements for at least the next 12 months.
(3)   represents an estimate of contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business. although these contractual obligations are considered enforceable and legally binding, the terms generally allow schlumberger the option to reschedule and adjust its requirements based on business needs prior to the delivery of goods.
refer to note 18 pension and other benefit plans of the consolidated financial statements for details regarding schlumberger's pension and other postretirement benefit obligations.
as discussed in note 14 income taxes of the consolidated financial statements, included in the schlumberger consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2014 is approximately $1.4 billion of liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions in the over 100 jurisdictions in which schlumberger conducts business. due to the uncertain and complex application of tax regulations, combined with the difficulty in predicting when tax audits throughout the world may be concluded, schlumberger cannot make reliable estimates of the timing of cash outflows relating to these liabilities.
schlumberger has outstanding letters of credit/guarantees which relate to business performance bonds, custom/excise tax commitments, facility lease/rental obligations, etc. these were entered into in the ordinary course of business and are customary practices in the various countries where schlumberger operates.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states requires schlumberger to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses. the following accounting policies involve "critical accounting estimates" because they are particularly dependent on estimates and assumptions made by schlumberger about matters that are inherently uncertain. a discussion of all of schlumberger's significant accounting policies is included in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
schlumberger bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
multiclient seismic data the westerngeco business capitalizes the costs associated with obtaining multiclient seismic data. the carrying value of the multiclient seismic data library at december 31, 2014 and 2013 was $793 million and $667 million, respectively. such costs are charged to cost of revenue based on the percentage of the total costs to the estimated total revenue that schlumberger expects to receive from the sales of such data. however, under no circumstances will an individual survey carry a net book value greater than a 4-year, straight-line amortized value.
the carrying value of surveys is reviewed for impairment annually as well as when an event or change in circumstance indicates an impairment may have occurred. adjustments to the carrying value are recorded when it is determined that estimated future revenues, which involve significant judgment on the part of schlumberger, would not be sufficient to recover the carrying value of the surveys. significant adverse changes in schlumberger's estimated future cash flows could result in impairment charges in a future period. for purposes of performing the annual impairment test of the multiclient library, larger surveys, which are typically prefunded by customers, are analyzed for impairment on a survey by survey basis and other smaller surveys are analyzed based on two pools of surveys: united states and non-united states. the united states and non-united states pools were determined to be the most appropriate level at which to perform the impairment review based upon a number of factors, including (i) various macroeconomic factors that influence the ability to successfully market surveys, and (ii) the focus of the sales force and related costs.
allowance for doubtful accounts schlumberger maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts in order to record accounts receivable at their net realizable value. judgment is involved in recording and making adjustments to this reserve. allowances have been recorded for receivables believed to be uncollectible, including amounts for the resolution of potential credit and other collection issues such as disputed invoices. depending on how such potential issues are resolved, or if the financial condition of schlumberger customers were to deteriorate resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, adjustments to the allowance may be required.
goodwill, intangible assets and long-lived assets schlumberger records the excess of purchase price over the fair value of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as goodwill. the goodwill relating to each of schlumberger's reporting units is tested for impairment annually as well as when an event, or change in circumstances, indicates an impairment may have occurred.
under generally accepted accounting principles, schlumberger has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of one of its reporting units is greater than its carrying amount. if, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, schlumberger determines it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, then there is no need to perform any further testing. however, if schlumberger concludes otherwise, then it is required to perform the first step of a two-step impairment test by calculating the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing the fair value with the carrying amount of the reporting unit. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment loss is recorded to the extent that the implied fair value of the goodwill of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value.
schlumberger has the option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to performing the first step of the two-step goodwill impairment test.
for purposes of performing the impairment test for goodwill, schlumberger's reporting units are its three groups: reservoir characterization, drilling and production. schlumberger elected to perform the qualitative assessment described above for purposes of its annual goodwill impairment test in 2014. based on this assessment, schlumberger concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of each of its reporting units was greater than its carrying amount. accordingly, no further testing was required.
long-lived assets, including fixed assets, intangible assets and investments in spm projects, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. in reviewing for impairment, the carrying value of such assets is compared to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. if such cash flows are not sufficient to support the asset's recorded value, an impairment charge is recognized to reduce the carrying value of the long-lived asset to its estimated fair value. the determination of future cash flows as well as the estimated fair value of long-lived assets involves significant estimates on the part of management. if there is a material change in economic conditions or other circumstances influencing the estimate of future cash flows or fair value, schlumberger could be required to recognize impairment charges in the future.
income taxes schlumberger conducts business in more than 100 tax jurisdictions, a number of which have tax laws that are not fully defined and are evolving. schlumberger's tax filings are subject to regular audits by the tax authorities. these audits may result in assessments for additional taxes which are resolved with the authorities or, potentially, through the courts. tax liabilities are recorded based on estimates of additional taxes which will be due upon the conclusion of these audits. estimates of these tax liabilities are made based upon prior experience and are updated in light of changes in facts and circumstances. however, due to the uncertain and complex application of tax regulations, the ultimate resolution of audits may result in liabilities which could be materially different from these estimates. in such an event, schlumberger will record additional tax expense or tax benefit in the period in which such resolution occurs.
pension and postretirement benefits schlumberger's pension and postretirement benefit obligations are described in detail in note 18 to the consolidated financial statements. the obligations and related costs are calculated using actuarial concepts, which include critical assumptions related to the discount rate, expected rate of return on plan assets and medical cost trend rates. these assumptions are important elements of expense and/or liability measurement and are updated on an annual basis, or upon the occurrence of significant events.
the discount rate schlumberger uses reflects the prevailing market rate of a portfolio of high-quality debt instruments with maturities matching the expected timing of the payment of the benefit obligations. the following summarizes the discount rates utilized by schlumberger for its various pension and postretirement benefit plans:
●   the discount rate utilized to determine the liability for schlumberger's united states pension plans and postretirement medical plans was 4.15% at december 31, 2014 and 4.85% at december 31, 2013.
●   the weighted-average discount rate utilized to determine the liability for schlumberger's international pension plans was 4.07% at december 31, 2014 and 4.76% at december 31, 2013.
●   the weighted-average discount rate utilized to determine expense for schlumberger's united states pension plans and postretirement medical plans increased from 4.25% in 2013 to 4.85% in 2014.
the expected rate of return for our retirement benefit plans represents the average rate of return expected to be earned on plan assets over the period that benefits included in the benefit obligation are expected to be paid. the expected rate of return for schlumberger's united states pension plans has been determined based upon expected rates of return for the investment portfolio, with consideration given to the distribution of investments by asset class and historical rates of return for each individual asset class. the weighted average expected rate of return on plan assets for the united states pension plans decreased from 7.50% in 2013 to 7.25% in 2014. the weighted average expected rate of return on plan assets for the international pension plans was 7.50% in both 2014 and 2013. a lower expected rate of return would increase pension expense.
schlumberger's medical cost trend rate assumptions are developed based on historical cost data, the near-term outlook and an assessment of likely long-term trends. the overall medical cost trend rate assumption utilized to determine the 2014 postretirement medical expense was 7.25% graded to 5% over the next ten years. the overall medical trend rate assumption utilized to determine the postretirement medical liability at december 31, 2014 was 7.00% graded to 5% over the next ten years.
the following illustrates the sensitivity to changes in certain assumptions, holding all other assumptions constant, for the united states and international pension plans:
expense                         liability
the following illustrates the sensitivity to changes in certain assumptions, holding all other assumptions constant, for schlumberger's united states postretirement medical plans:
medical expense           liability
investments in affiliated companies investments in affiliated companies on the consolidated balance sheet primarily reflects schlumberger's investments in privately held companies, some of which are in the startup or development stages and are often still defining their strategic direction. such investments are inherently risky and their success is dependent on factors such as technology development, market acceptance and their ability to raise additional funds. the technology being developed by these companies may never materialize and they could fail. schlumberger monitors its portfolio to determine if any investment is other-than-temporarily impaired. if an investment is considered to be other-than-temporarily impaired, it is written down to its fair value.