item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview the following summary of our financial condition and results of operations is qualified in its entirety by the more complete discussion contained in this item 7 and by the risk factors set forth in item 1a of this annual report. please also see the cautionary language at the beginning of part i of this annual report regarding forward-looking statements.
business summary synopsys is a global leader in providing software, intellectual property and services used to design integrated circuits and electronic systems. we supply the electronic design automation (eda) software that engineers use to design, create prototypes for and test integrated circuits, also known as chips. we also offer intellectual property (ip) products, which are pre-designed circuits that engineers use as components of larger chip designs rather than designing those circuits themselves. we provide software and hardware used to develop the electronic systems that incorporate chips and the software that runs on them. to complement these product offerings, we provide technical services to support our solutions and help our customers develop chips and electronic systems. we are also a leading provider of software tools that developers use to improve the quality, security, and time-to-market of software code in a wide variety of industries, including electronics, financial services, energy, and industrials.
despite global economic uncertainty, we have maintained profitability and positive cash flow on an annual basis in recent years. we achieved these results not only because of our solid execution, leading technology and strong customer relationships, but also because of our time-based revenue business model. under this model, a substantial majority of our customers pay for their licenses over time and we typically recognize this revenue over the life of the contract, which averages approximately three years. time-based revenue, which consists of time-based license, maintenance and service revenue, generally represents approximately 90% of our total revenue. the revenue we recognize in a particular period generally results from selling efforts in prior periods rather than the current period. due to our business model, decreases as well as increases in customer spending do not immediately affect our revenues in a significant way.
as we continue to expand our product portfolio and our total addressable market, for instance in ip products, we may experience increased variability in our revenue, though we expect time-based revenue to continue to generally represent approximately 90% of our total revenue. overall, our business outlook remains solid based on our leading technology, customer relationships, business model, diligent expense management, and acquisition strategy. we believe that these factors will help us continue to successfully execute our strategies.
acquisition of coverity on march 24, 2014, we acquired coverity, inc. (coverity), the leading provider of software quality, testing and security tools. we believe this acquisition has enabled us to enter into a new, growing market dedicated to helping companies deliver better software faster, by finding software code defects as the code is being developed rather than at the end of the process. coverity's customer base includes synopsys' semiconductor and systems customers, albeit different users and budgets, and extends well beyond to software developers such as independent software vendors and companies engaged in e-commerce. we believe the coverity acquisition has expanded our total addressable market. however, due to the fair value adjustment of acquired deferred revenue and amortization of intangible assets, the acquisition had a negative effect on net income for fiscal 2014 and will continue to have a negative effect in the short term. we report revenue from our coverity software quality, testing and security tools in our ip and software solutions group.
fiscal year end our fiscal year generally ends on the saturday nearest to october 31 and consists of 52 weeks, with the exception that approximately every five years, we have a 53-week year.
fiscal 2014 and 2013 were 52-week years ending on november 1, 2014 and november 2, 2013, respectively. fiscal 2012 was a 53-week year ending on november 3, 2012. the extra week in fiscal 2012 resulted in approximately $26 million of additional revenue, related primarily to time-based licenses, and approximately $16 million of additional expenses.
•   total revenue of $2.1 billion, which included the impact from our current year acquisitions, an increase of 5%,
in addition, our current year results benefited from a lower provision for income taxes.
new accounting pronouncements in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued accounting standards update (asu) 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606)," which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under u.s. gaap. the new guidance will be effective for fiscal 2018, including interim periods within that reporting period, using one of two prescribed retrospective methods. no early adoption is permitted. we are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of asu 2014-09 on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
critical accounting policies and estimates our discussion and analysis of our financial results under the heading "results of operations" below are based on our audited results of operations, which we have prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. in preparing these financial statements, we make assumptions, judgments and estimates that can affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and net income. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates based on historical experience and various other assumptions we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. our actual results may differ from these estimates. for further information on our significant accounting policies, see note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
the accounting policies that most frequently require us to make assumptions, judgments and estimates, and therefore are critical to understanding our results of operations, are:
•   revenue recognition;
revenue recognition we derive revenue primarily from our software license arrangements. software license revenue consists of fees associated with the licensing of our software. maintenance and service revenue consists of maintenance fees associated with perpetual and term licenses and professional services fees. hardware revenue consists of fpga-based emulation and prototyping products.
with respect to software licenses, we utilize three license types:
•   technology subscription licenses (tsls). tsls are time-based licenses for a finite term, and generally provide the customer limited rights to receive, or to exchange certain quantities of licensed software for, unspecified future technology. we bundle and do not charge separately for post-contract customer support (maintenance) for the term of the license.
•   term licenses. term licenses are also for a finite term, but do not provide the customer any rights to receive, or to exchange licensed software for, unspecified future technology. customers purchase maintenance separately for the first year and may renew annually for the balance of the term. the annual maintenance fee is typically calculated as a percentage of the net license fee.
•   perpetual licenses. perpetual licenses continue as long as the customer renews maintenance plus an additional 20 years. perpetual licenses do not provide the customer any rights to receive, or to exchange licensed software for, unspecified future technology. customers purchase maintenance separately for the first year and may renew annually.
•   term licenses. we recognize revenue from term licenses in full upon shipment of the software if payment terms require the customer to pay at least 75% of the license fee and 100% of the maintenance fee within one year from shipment and all other revenue recognition criteria are met. revenue attributable to these term licenses is reported as "upfront license revenue" in the consolidated statements of operations. for term licenses in which less than 75% of the license fee
and 100% of the maintenance fee is payable within one year from shipment, we recognize revenue as customer payments become due and payable. such revenue is reported as "time-based license revenue" in the consolidated statements of operations.
•   perpetual licenses. we recognize revenue from perpetual licenses in full upon shipment of the software if payment terms require the customer to pay at least 75% of the license fee and 100% of the maintenance fee within one year from shipment and all other revenue recognition criteria are met. revenue attributable to these perpetual licenses is reported as "upfront license revenue" in the consolidated statements of operations. for perpetual licenses in which less than 75% of the license fee and 100% of the maintenance fee is payable within one year from shipment, we recognize revenue as customer installments become due and payable. such revenue is reported as "time-based license revenue" in the consolidated statements of operations.
our maintenance and service revenue consists of maintenance fees associated with perpetual and term software licenses and professional services fees. we recognize revenue from maintenance arrangements ratably over the maintenance period to the extent cash has been received or fees become due and payable, and recognize revenue from professional services and training fees as such services are performed and accepted by the customer. revenue attributable to maintenance, professional services and training is reported as "maintenance and service revenue" in the consolidated statements of operations.
hardware revenue consists of fpga-based emulation and prototyping products. we recognize revenue from sales of hardware products in full upon shipment if all other revenue recognition criteria are met. revenue attributable to these sales is reported as "upfront license revenue" in the consolidated statements of operations and is not material to our total revenue.
we infrequently enter into multiple-element arrangements that contain both software and non-software deliverables such as hardware. we have determined that the software and non-software deliverables in our contracts are separate units of accounting. we recognize revenue for the separate units of accounting when all revenue recognition criteria are met. revenue allocated to hardware units of accounting is recognized upon shipment when all other revenue recognition criteria are met. revenue allocated to software units of accounting is recognized depending on the software license type (tsl, term license or perpetual license). such arrangements have not had a material effect on our consolidated financial statements and are not expected to have a material effect in future periods.
we also enter into arrangements to deliver software products, either alone or together with other products or services that require significant modification, or customization of the software. we account for such arrangements using the percentage of completion method as we have the ability to make reasonably dependable estimates that relate to the extent of progress toward completion, contract revenues and costs. we measure the progress towards completion using the labor hours incurred to complete the project. revenue attributable to these arrangements is reported as maintenance and service revenue in the consolidated statements of operations.
we determine the fair value of each element in multiple element software arrangements that only contain software and software-related deliverables based on vendor-specific objective evidence (vsoe). we limit our assessment of vsoe of fair value for each element to the price charged when such element is sold separately. we have analyzed all of the elements included in our multiple-element software arrangements and have determined that we have sufficient vsoe to allocate revenue to the maintenance components of our perpetual and term license products and to professional services. accordingly, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met, we recognize license revenue from perpetual and term licenses upon delivery using the residual method, recognize revenue from maintenance ratably over the maintenance term, and recognize revenue from professional services as services are performed and accepted by the customer. we recognize revenue from tsls ratably over the term of the license, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met, since there is not sufficient vsoe to allocate the tsl fee between license and maintenance services.
we make significant judgments related to revenue recognition. specifically, in connection with each transaction involving our products, we must evaluate whether: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) delivery of software or services has occurred, (3) the fee for such software or services is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability of the full license or service fee is probable. all four of these criteria must be met in order for us
to recognize revenue with respect to a particular arrangement. we apply these revenue recognition criteria as follows:
•   persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists. prior to recognizing revenue on an arrangement, our customary policy is to have a written contract, signed by both the customer and by us or a purchase order from those customers that have previously negotiated a standard end-user license arrangement or purchase agreement.
•   delivery has occurred. we deliver our products to our customers electronically or physically. for electronic deliveries, delivery occurs when we provide access to our customers to take immediate possession of the software through downloading it to the customer's hardware. for physical deliveries, the standard transfer terms are typically freight on board (fob) shipping point. we generally ship our products or license keys promptly after acceptance of customer orders. however, a number of factors can affect the timing of product shipments and, as a result, timing of revenue recognition, including the delivery dates requested by customers and our operational capacity to fulfill product orders at the end of a fiscal quarter.
•   the fee is fixed or determinable. our determination that an arrangement fee is fixed or determinable depends principally on the arrangement's payment terms. our standard payment terms for perpetual and term licenses require 75% or more of the license fee and 100% of the maintenance fee to be paid within one year. if the arrangement includes these terms, we regard the fee as fixed or determinable, and recognize all license revenue under the arrangement in full upon delivery (assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met). if the arrangement does not include these terms, we do not consider the fee to be fixed or determinable and generally recognize revenue when customer installments are due and payable. in the case of a tsl, because of the right to exchange products or receive unspecified future technology and because vsoe for maintenance services does not exist for a tsl, we recognize revenue ratably over the term of the license, but not in advance of when customers' installments become due and payable.
•   collectability is probable. we judge collectability of the arrangement fees on a customer-by-customer basis pursuant to our credit review policy. we typically sell to customers with whom we have a history of successful collection. for a new customer, or when an existing customer substantially expands its commitments, we evaluate the customer's financial position and ability to pay and typically assign a credit limit based on that review. we increase the credit limit only after we have established a successful collection history with the customer. if we determine at any time that collectability is not probable under a particular arrangement based upon our credit review process or the customer's payment history, we recognize revenue under that arrangement as customer payments are actually received.
valuation of stock compensation stock compensation expense is measured on the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense over the vesting period in accordance with asc 718, stock compensation. we use the black-scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of stock options and employee stock purchase plan awards. the black-scholes option-pricing model incorporates various subjective assumptions including expected volatility, expected term and risk-free interest rates. we estimate the expected volatility by a combination of implied volatility for publicly traded options of our stock with a term of six months or longer and the historical stock price volatility over the estimated expected term of our stock awards. we determine the expected term of our stock awards based on historical experience. in addition, judgment is required in estimating the forfeiture rate on stock awards. we calculate the expected forfeiture rate based on average historical trends. these input factors are subjective and are determined using management's judgment. if a difference arises between the assumptions used in determining stock compensation cost and the actual factors that become known over time, we may change the input factors used in determining future stock compensation costs. any such changes could materially impact our results of operations in the period in which the changes are made and in periods thereafter.
valuation of intangible assets we evaluate our intangible assets for indications of impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. intangible assets consist of purchased technology, contract rights intangibles, customer relationships, trademarks and trade names, covenants not to compete, capitalized software development, and in-process research and development. factors that could trigger an impairment review include significant under-performance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results, significant changes in the manner of our use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business or significant negative industry or economic trends. if this evaluation indicates that the value of the intangible asset may be impaired, we make an assessment of the recoverability of the net carrying value of the asset over its remaining useful life. if this assessment indicates that the intangible asset is not recoverable, based on the estimated undiscounted future cash flows of the technology over the remaining useful life, we reduce the net carrying value of the related intangible asset to fair value. any such impairment charge could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our reported financial results. we did not record any impairment charges on our intangible assets during fiscal 2014, 2013 or 2012.
income taxes our tax provisions are calculated using estimates in accordance with asc 740, income taxes. our estimates and assumptions may differ from the actual results as reflected in our income tax returns and we record the required adjustments when they are identified or resolved.
we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the temporary differences between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which we expect the differences to reverse, and for tax loss and credit carryovers. we record a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. in evaluating our ability to utilize our deferred tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including our past operating results, our forecast of future taxable income on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis, as well as feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. these assumptions require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. we believe that the net deferred tax assets of approximately $316.2 million that are recorded on our balance sheet as of october 31, 2014 will ultimately be realized. however, if we determine in the future that it is more likely than not we will not be able to realize a portion or the full amount of deferred tax assets, we would record an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance as a charge to earnings in the period such determination is made.
we apply a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. an uncertain tax position is considered effectively settled on completion of an examination by a taxing authority if certain other conditions are satisfied.
the calculation of tax liabilities involves inherent uncertainty associated with the application of complex tax laws, significant assumptions, judgments and estimates including forward-looking financial projections and geographical mix of earnings.  we are also subject to examination by various taxing authorities.  we believe we have adequately provided in our financial statements for potential additional taxes.  if we ultimately determine that these amounts are not owed, we would reverse the liability and recognize the tax benefit in the period in which we determine that the liability is no longer necessary.  if an ultimate tax assessment exceeds our estimate of tax liabilities, we would record an additional charge to earnings.
revenue on professional services orders is generally recognized after services are performed and accepted by the customer. our revenue in any period is equal to the sum of our time-based license, upfront license, maintenance and professional services for the period. we derive time-based license revenue largely from tsl orders received and delivered in prior quarters and to a smaller extent due to contracts in which revenue is recognized as customer installments become due and payable and from contingent revenue arrangements. we derive upfront license revenue directly from term and perpetual license and hardware product orders mostly booked and shipped during the period. we derive maintenance revenue largely from maintenance orders received in prior periods since our maintenance orders generally yield revenue ratably over a term of one year. we also derive professional services revenue primarily from orders received in prior quarters, since we recognize revenue from professional services as those services are delivered and accepted or on percentage of completion for arrangements requiring significant modification of our software, and not when they are booked. our license revenue is sensitive to the mix of tsls and perpetual or term licenses delivered during a reporting period. a tsl order typically yields lower current quarter revenue but contributes to revenue in future periods. for example, a $120,000 order for a three-year tsl delivered on the last day of a quarter typically generates no revenue in that quarter, but $10,000 in each of the twelve succeeding quarters. conversely, a $120,000 order for perpetual and term licenses with greater than 75% of the license fee due within one year from shipment typically generates $120,000 in revenue in the quarter the product is delivered, but no future revenue. additionally, revenue in a particular quarter may also be impacted by perpetual and term licenses in which less than 75% of the license fees and 100% of the maintenance fees are payable within one year from shipment as the related revenue will be recognized as revenue in the period when customer payments become due and payable.
our customer arrangements are complex, involving hundreds of products and various license rights, and our customers bargain with us over many aspects of these arrangements. for example, they often demand a broader portfolio of solutions, support and services and seek more favorable terms such as expanded license usage, future purchase rights and other unique rights at an overall lower total cost. no single factor typically drives our customers' buying decisions, and we compete on all fronts to serve customers in a highly competitive eda market. customers generally negotiate the total value of the arrangement rather than just unit pricing or volumes.
the overall growth of our business has been the primary driver of the increase in our revenue. our revenues are subject to fluctuations, primarily due to customer requirements, including payment terms and the timing and value of contract renewals. for example, we experience variability in our revenue due to factors such as the timing of renewals of maintenance contracts, timing of ip consulting projects and royalties, and certain contracts where revenue is recognized when customer installment payments are due, as well as volatility in hardware sales.
the sequential increase in total revenue from fiscal 2012 through fiscal 2014 was due to our organic growth and revenues from acquired companies. the increases were primarily in time-based license revenue. fiscal 2012 had approximately $26 million of additional revenue due to the additional week in that fiscal year.
the increase in time-based license revenue for fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012 was primarily attributable to increases in tsl license revenue from arrangements booked in prior periods, including those from acquisitions in fiscal 2012 and particularly in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012, and to a lesser extent, due to other time-based arrangements. the increase was partially offset by the impact of an extra week in fiscal 2012.
upfront license revenue for fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013 was relatively flat with a slight increase in the sale of perpetual licenses to ip and software solutions products.
the increase in upfront license revenue for fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012 was primarily attributable to the increase in sales of our hardware products and perpetual licenses to ip and software solutions products, including those derived from our acquisitions in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012.
as our sales of hardware and perpetual licenses to ip and software solutions products grow, we expect upfront license revenue to increase as a percentage of total revenue, but remain consistent with our business model in which approximately 90% of our total revenue consists of time-based revenue.
our expenses are generally impacted by changes in personnel-related costs including salaries, benefits, stock compensation and variable compensation; changes in amortization; and changes in selling and marketing expenses. the increase in our expenses compared to prior fiscal years was primarily due to an increase in personnel-related costs, driven by increased headcount from our acquisitions and related fixed charges including facilities; amortization of intangible assets; and depreciation. the increases in our expenses for fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012 were partially offset by the extra week of expenses in fiscal 2012 of $16 million. we allocate certain human resource programs, information technology and facility expenses among our functional income statement categories based on headcount within each functional area. annually, or upon a significant change in headcount (such as a workforce reduction, realignment or acquisition) or other factors, management reviews the allocation methodology and expenses included in the allocation pool.
we divide cost of revenue into three categories: cost of license revenue, cost of maintenance and service revenue, and amortization of intangible assets. we segregate expenses directly associated with consulting and training services from cost of license revenue associated with internal functions providing license delivery and post-customer contract support services. we then allocate these group costs between cost of license revenue and cost of maintenance and service revenue based on license and maintenance and service revenue reported.
cost of license revenue. cost of license revenue includes costs related to products sold and software licensed, allocated operating costs related to product support and distribution costs, royalties paid to third-party vendors, and the amortization of capitalized research and development costs associated with software products that have reached technological feasibility.
associated with the delivery of our consulting services, such as hotline and on-site support, production services and documentation of maintenance updates.
amortization of intangible assets. amortization of intangible assets, which is recorded to cost of revenue and operating expenses, includes the amortization of certain contract rights and the amortization of core/developed technology, trademarks, trade names, customer relationships, and covenants not to compete related to acquisitions.
cost of revenue increased by $60.9 million or 16% in fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012 due to increases of $23.0 million in amortization of intangible assets and $17.7 million in personnel-related costs, primarily as a result of acquisitions in fiscal 2012, particularly in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012, and $25.9 million in product costs primarily due to product sales. the increase in cost of revenue was partially offset by an additional week of expenses of approximately $2.2 million in fiscal 2012 and a $1.3 million reduction in acquisition-related costs compared to fiscal 2012.
the increase in research and development expense in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013 was primarily due to an increase of $36.5 million in personnel-related costs primarily as a result of headcount increases, including those from acquisitions, functionally allocated expenses that were higher by $12.2 million, and a $3.2 million increase in consultant and contractor costs.
the increase in research and development expense in fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012 was primarily due to increases of $76.1 million in personnel-related costs and $11.0 million in functionally allocated expenses, as a result of headcount increases primarily from our acquisitions in fiscal 2012, particularly in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012, and $8.6 million in consulting costs. the increase in research and development expenses was partially offset by an additional week of expenses of approximately $7.5 million in fiscal 2012 and a $6.3 million reduction in acquisition-related costs compared to fiscal 2012.
the increase in sales and marketing expense for fiscal 2014 compared with fiscal 2013 was primarily due to an increase of $21.2 million in personnel-related costs as a result of headcount increases, including those from
acquisitions, an increase of $4.0 million in variable compensation due to higher shipments and higher functionally allocated expenses of $2.0 million.
the increase in sales and marketing expense for fiscal 2013 compared with fiscal 2012 was due to increases in personnel-related costs of $15.9 million primarily driven by headcount increases, $2.0 million in marketing activities, and $1.4 million in maintenance. the increase in sales and marketing expenses was partially offset by an additional week of expenses of approximately $4.9 million in fiscal 2012 and a $5.2 million reduction in acquisition-related costs compared to fiscal 2012.
the increase in general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2014 compared with fiscal 2013 was primarily due to increases of $10.4 million in facilities and depreciation expenses, $9.8 million in professional service costs, $2.4 million of acquisition-related costs, and $1.2 million in personnel-related costs. the increases were partially offset by higher allocations of $15.3 million in expenses to other functions compared to the same period in fiscal 2013, due to increased spending in allocated costs, resulting from increased headcount.
the decrease in general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2013 compared with fiscal 2012 was due to a decrease in acquisition-related costs of $25.4 million compared to fiscal 2012 and higher allocation of $7.7 million in expenses to other functions (cost of revenue, research and development, and sales and marketing) in fiscal 2013 as headcount growth in those functions, primarily driven by acquisitions, resulted in an increase in the pool of expenses to be allocated. the decrease in general and administrative expense was partially offset by increases of $15.2 million in professional service costs, $5.4 million in facilities and depreciation expenses, primarily due to our acquisitions, and $2.2 million in personnel-related costs as a result of headcount increases primarily from our acquisitions.
change in fair value of deferred compensation the income or loss arising from the change in fair value of our non-qualified deferred compensation plan obligation is recorded in cost of sales and each functional operating expense, with the offsetting change in the fair value of the related assets recorded in other income (expense), net. these assets are classified as trading securities. there is no overall impact to our net income from the income or loss of our deferred compensation plan obligation and asset.
acquired in-process research and development in-process research and development (ipr&d) costs relate to in-process technologies acquired in acquisitions. the value assigned to ipr&d is determined by considering the importance of each project to our overall development plan, estimating costs to develop the ipr&d into commercially viable products, estimating the resulting net cash flows from such projects when completed and discounting the net cash flows back to their present value. the utilized discount rate is our weighted average cost of capital, taking into account the inherent uncertainties in future revenue estimates and the profitability of such technology, the successful development of the ipr&d, its useful life and the uncertainty of technological advances, all of which are unknown at the time of determination.
upon completion of development, the underlying intangible asset is amortized over its estimated useful life and recorded in cost of revenue. ipr&d projects acquired are anticipated to be completed over a period of one to three years from the date of the acquisition. see note 4 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
amortization of intangible assets amortization of intangible assets includes the amortization of contract rights and the amortization of core/developed technology, trademarks, trade names, customer relationships, covenants not to compete, and in-process research and development related to acquisitions completed in prior years. amortization expense is included in the consolidated statements of operations as follows:
amortization of capitalized software development costs is not presented in the above table and is included in cost of license revenue in the consolidated statements of operations.
amortization of intangible assets was relatively flat for fiscal 2014 compared with fiscal 2013 as the full amortization of certain intangible assets was offset by additions of intangible assets in fiscal 2014.
the increase in amortization of intangible assets for fiscal 2013 compared with fiscal 2012 was primarily due to the amortization of intangible assets from acquisitions partially offset by certain intangible assets becoming fully amortized. see note 4 of notes to consolidated financial statements for a schedule of future amortization amounts, which is incorporated by reference here.
the net decrease in other income (expense) in fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013 was primarily due to lower gains in the market value of our executive deferred compensation plan assets and decreased foreign currency exchange gains as a result of less movement in foreign currency exchange rates. the decreases were partially offset by a gain from the sale of a non-marketable equity investment in fiscal 2014 that was recorded in other, net.
income taxes our effective tax rate for fiscal 2014 included tax benefits from a settlement with the internal revenue service (irs) of $15.5 million (for fiscal years 2012 through 2013), from federal statute of limitations lapses of $6.7 million, and a settlement with the taiwan tax authorities of $3.9 million (net tax benefit resulting from fiscal years 2009 and 2010 and application of settlements to other open fiscal years). our effective tax rate for fiscal 2013 included tax benefits from the reinstatement of the u.s. federal research tax credit of approximately $19.0 million, reversal of deferred taxes resulting from the merger of a foreign affiliate of $6.8 million, and settlement with the irs of certain issues related to fiscal 2012 of $1.1 million. the reinstatement of the research tax credit resulted in an additional tax credit for ten months of fiscal 2012 as well as a full year credit for fiscal 2013, compared to only two months of credit in fiscal 2014 as a result of the expiration of the credit on december 31, 2013. our effective tax rate for fiscal 2012 included tax benefits from settlements with the irs of $15.9 million (for fiscal years 2010 through 2011), with taiwan tax authorities of $14.7 million (net tax benefit resulting from fiscal 2008 settlement being applied to other open fiscal years), and with hungarian tax authorities of $6.3 million (for fiscal years 2006 through 2010). for further discussion of the provision for income taxes and settlements, see note 11 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
liquidity and capital resources our sources of cash and cash equivalents are funds generated from our business operations and funds that may be drawn down under our credit facility. as of october 31, 2014, we held an aggregate of $162.0 million in cash and cash equivalents in the united states and an aggregate of $823.8 million in our foreign subsidiaries. funds held in our foreign subsidiaries are generated from revenue outside north america. at present, such foreign funds are considered to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign countries to the extent of indefinitely reinvested foreign earnings. in the event funds from foreign operations are needed to fund cash needs in the united states and if u.s. taxes have not already been previously accrued, we would be required to accrue and pay additional u.s. taxes in order to repatriate these funds.
the following sections discuss changes in our balance sheet, cash flows, and other commitments on our liquidity and capital resources during fiscal 2014.
our cash decreased due to acquisitions, stock repurchases, and property and equipment spending during fiscal 2014, partially offset by the cash generated from our operations.
cash provided by operating activities                $551.0                $496.7                $486.1                  $54.3                    $10.6
cash (used in) investing activities                  (497.3    )            (66.1    )           (879.1    )            (431.2      )             813.0
cash provided by (used in) financing activities       (73.7    )            (98.0    )   243.5                            24.3                   (341.5      )
cash provided by operating activities we expect cash from our operating activities to fluctuate in future periods as a result of a number of factors, including the timing of our billings and collections, our operating results, the timing and amount of tax and other liability payments. cash provided by our operations is dependent primarily upon the payment terms of our license agreements. we generally receive cash from upfront license revenue much sooner than from time-based license revenue, in which the license fee is typically paid either quarterly or annually over the term of the license.
fiscal 2013 to fiscal 2014. the increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by higher cash collections, which were partially offset by higher disbursements for operations, including vendors.
fiscal 2012 to fiscal 2013. cash provided by operating activities increased slightly due to an increase in collections from customers and a decrease in tax payments, offset partly by higher disbursements to vendors and higher personnel-related costs due to increased headcount.
cash used in investing activities fiscal 2013 to fiscal 2014. the increase in cash used in investing activities was primarily driven by cash paid for acquisitions and intangible assets, net of cash acquired, of $394.6 million fiscal 2012 to fiscal 2013. the decrease in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to the decrease in acquisition activities in fiscal 2013.
cash provided by (used in) financing activities fiscal 2013 to fiscal 2014. the decrease in cash used in financing activities was primarily due to the acquisition of a non-controlling interest in springsoft, inc. for $44.0 million in fiscal 2013 and a decrease of $25.3 million in purchases of treasury stock, partially offset by a decrease of $49.8 million in proceeds from issuances of common stock. we repaid our senior unsecured revolving credit facility balance of $200.0 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2014, which had been drawn down during the second quarter of fiscal 2014.
fiscal 2012 to fiscal 2013. the decrease in cash provided by financing activities was primarily due to increased common stock repurchases under our stock repurchase program, proceeds from credit facilities in fiscal 2012 that did not recur in the current period and less proceeds from issuances of common stock.
our accounts receivable and days sales outstanding (dso) are primarily driven by our billing and collections activities. our dso was 55 days at october 31, 2014 and 46 days at october 31, 2013. the increase in dso is attributable to the timing of billings at the end of fiscal 2014.
working capital. working capital is comprised of current assets less current liabilities, as shown on our consolidated balance sheets:
current liabilities       1,386.8                   1,222.9         $163.9                 13   %
working capital            $117.9                    $225.1         $(107.2     )         (48   )%
working capital at the end of fiscal 2014 was lower than at the end of fiscal 2013 primarily due to (1) a $100.7 million increase in deferred revenue due to timing of billings, (2) a $36.7 million decrease in cash and cash equivalents, (3) a $38.9 million increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities primarily due to timing of purchases, and (4) a $24.2 million increase in accrued income taxes. these changes in working capital were partially offset by a $70.7 million increase in accounts receivable due to the timing of our billings at the end of fiscal 2014, a $19.4 million increase in deferred taxes and an $8.2 million increase in income taxes receivable and prepaid taxes.
other as of october 31, 2014, our cash equivalents consisted of cash deposits, tax-exempt money market mutual funds, and taxable money market mutual funds. we follow an established investment policy and set of guidelines to monitor, manage and limit our exposure to interest rate and credit risk.
we proactively manage our cash and cash equivalents balances and closely monitor our capital and stock repurchase expenditures to ensure ample liquidity. our cash equivalents are classified within level 1 under fair value guidance. see notes 5 and 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and available credit under our revolver (defined below) will satisfy our routine business requirements for at least the next twelve months and the foreseeable future.
other commitments on february 17, 2012, we entered into an agreement with several lenders (the credit agreement) providing for (i) a $350.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the revolver) and (ii) a $150.0 million senior unsecured term loan facility (the term loan). principal payments on a portion of the term loan are due in equal quarterly installments of $7.5 million, with the remainder due when the credit agreement expires in october 2016. we can elect to make prepayments on the term loan, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty. subject to obtaining additional commitments from lenders, the principal amount of the loans provided under the credit agreement may be increased by us by up to an additional $150.0 million through october 13, 2015. the credit agreement contains financial covenants requiring us to operate within a maximum leverage ratio and maintain specified levels of cash, as well as other non-financial covenants.
during the second quarter of fiscal 2014, we drew down $200.0 million under the revolver to finance a portion of the purchase price for the acquisition of coverity on march 24, 2014 and during the third quarter of fiscal 2014, we repaid the $200.0 million balance under the revolver. as of october 31, 2014, we had a $75.0 million outstanding balance under the term loan, of which $45.0 million is classified as long-term and no outstanding balance under the revolver. as of october 31, 2013 we had a $105.0 million outstanding balance under the term loan, of which $75.0 million is classified as long-term, and no outstanding balance under the revolver. borrowings bear interest at a floating rate based on a margin over our choice of market observable base rates as defined in the credit agreement. at october 31, 2014, borrowings under the term loan bore interest at libor +1.125% and the applicable interest rate for the revolver was libor +0.975%. in addition, commitment fees are payable on the revolver at rates between 0.150% and 0.300% per year based on our leverage ratio on the daily amount of the revolving commitment.
as a result of the coverity acquisition, we assumed coverity's credit facility with a u.s. bank that had an original expiration date of december 31, 2014. the facility provided a maximum borrowing limit of $7.0 million. during the third quarter of fiscal 2014, we chose to terminate the coverity credit facility prior to the original expiration date.
in december 2014, we drew down $250.0 million under the revolver, primarily to finance the 2015 asr. see part ii, item 5. market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities-stock repurchase program for further detail on the 2015 asr.
capital lease                               $22                  $22                              $-                  $-                                  $-                  $-
(3)   this commitment relates to the principal on the term loan as discussed in other commitments above.
(4)   these other obligations include a loan assumed through an acquisition and the fees associated with our term loan and revolver.
(5)   long-term accrued income taxes represent uncertain tax benefits as of october 31, 2014. currently, a reasonably reliable estimate of timing of payments in individual years beyond fiscal 2014 cannot be made due to uncertainties in timing of the commencement and settlement of potential tax audits.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of october 31, 2014, we did not have any significant off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of sec regulation s-k.