item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview and 2014 highlights we design, develop, manufacture and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, advanced electric vehicle powertrain components and stationary energy storage applications. we are currently producing and selling our second vehicle, the model s sedan. model s is a four door, five-passenger premium sedan that offers exceptional performance, functionality and attractive styling. the model s inherited many of the electric powertrain innovations we introduced with our first vehicle, the tesla roadster.  we commenced deliveries of model s in june 2012 and have delivered 56,768 vehicles through december 31, 2014. we recently announced the availability of our all-wheel drive dual motor model s and began delivery, starting with a performance-optimized version, in december 2014.
we are continuing to develop our model x crossover vehicle and intend to commence customer deliveries in the third quarter of 2015. after the model x, our goal is to introduce model 3, a lower priced sedan designed for the mass market, in 2017.
our primary source of revenue is from the sale of our vehicles. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recognized total revenues of $3.20 billion, an increase of $1.19 billion over total revenues of $2.01 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily driven by growth of model s deliveries worldwide.
gross margin for the year ended december 31, 2014 was 27.6%, a significant increase from 22.7% for the year ended december 31, 2013. higher vehicle production volume, supply chain efficiencies and component cost reductions, partially offset by one-time manufacturing inefficiencies associated with transitioning to our new final assembly line and introduction of all-wheel drive dual motor model s, contributed to higher gross margin in 2014.
research and development (r&d) expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $464.7 million, an increase from $232.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. r&d expenses in 2014 reflected our engineering work on model x as well as development work on our dual motor powertrain and other development programs including localization efforts for foreign markets. r&d expenses in 2013 reflected our activities on manufacturing process improvements, model s cost reductions, the right-hand drive model s and localization efforts for foreign markets, as well as development work on model x.
during 2014, we significantly increased our sales and service footprint worldwide, entered several new markets including china, as well as accelerated the rollout of our supercharging network. with the continued global expansion of our customer support infrastructure and the business in general in 2014, selling, general and administrative expenses were $603.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to $285.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013.
management opportunities, challenges and risks orders, production and deliveries our orders for model s in 2014 significantly increased from the prior year as we expanded our operations internationally and introduced model s product enhancements.  in october 2014, we revealed our all-wheel drive dual motor model s and our autopilot system. this version of model s proved very popular, leading to over 10,000 unfulfilled orders as of january 1, 2015.  we expect that demand for model s will continue to increase worldwide as more people drive and become aware of our vehicles, as we grow our customer support infrastructure, and as we broaden the appeal of our products.
as of december 31, 2014, we had received almost 20,000 reservations for model x in advance of its planned introduction later this year.  we are continuing to test the beta model x prototypes, and plan to begin building and testing a small fleet of release candidate model x vehicles later in the first quarter of 2015.  our ability to launch the model x program on time and cost efficiently is dependent upon a variety of factors, including completion of production tooling, supplier readiness, engineering completion and the successful completion of our validation testing.
in order to meet this anticipated demand for both model s and model x, we are executing a plan to increase our combined model s and model x production capacity to over 2,000 units per week by the end of 2015. in august 2014, we began our production ramp by transitioning to our new final assembly line and upgrading our body center. we are planning further investments in production capacity during 2015, including building a new paint shop and a new body shop for model x. we expect our annual production will increase by over 50% each year for the next several years.
our recent production capacity expansion contributed to several weeks of production in excess of 1,000 vehicles per week during the last few months of 2014. however, the changeover to our new final assembly line during the third quarter of 2014 and the introduction of all-wheel drive dual motor model s onto this line during the fourth quarter of 2014 took longer than we expected.  consequently, we delivered fewer vehicles than we had planned in 2014.  during 2015, we plan to achieve significant efficiencies in model s production and begin production of model x with the intent of achieving a significantly faster initial production ramp than we achieved with model s.  any unexpected issues with the expansion of our production capacity or the launch and ramp of model x production could affect our ability to meet future delivery targets.
in addition to expanding our production, we expect to continue to lower the cost of manufacturing our vehicles and improve our gross margin.  significant cost improvements for model s were achieved in 2013 and 2014, including part cost reductions as well as manufacturing efficiencies. we expect that this trend will continue as we execute on our roadmap. we expect that such improvements, when combined with a favorable mix of vehicles, will allow us to achieve a 30% gross margin on model s by the end of 2015, assuming no further deterioration in foreign currencies.  however, we expect these cost improvements will be partially offset by production inefficiencies during the introduction of model x.  during our product introductions in 2014, we incurred manufacturing inefficiencies which negatively impacted our gross margin.  when we introduce model x, we expect that both production inefficiencies and supply chain inefficiencies typical of a new product introduction will suppress model x margins for at least a few quarters after its introduction.  if we are not able to achieve the planned cost reductions from our various cost savings and process improvement initiatives or introduce model x efficiently, our ability to reach our gross margin goals would be negatively affected.
we expect to deliver approximately 55,000 model s and x vehicles worldwide in 2015, approximately 74% more deliveries than we achieved in 2014.  to support this growth, we plan to continue to expand our supercharger, stores and service infrastructure worldwide as well as to provide better service in areas with a high concentration of model s customers.  as we now offer model s in countries throughout north america, europe and asia, our expansion will primarily occur in geographic areas in which we already have a presence.  based on our current projections, we expect our long-term sales outside of north america will increase to almost half of our worldwide automotive sales.  despite initial challenges in china, we plan to continue to invest in our infrastructure in china as we believe that the country could be one of our largest markets within a few years.  however, as compared to markets in the united states and europe, we have relatively limited experience in asian markets; thus, we may face continuing difficulties meeting our future expansion plans in asia.
trends in capital expenditures and operating expenses our capital expenditures and operating expenses significantly increased in 2014.  as we continue to invest in the long term growth of tesla, capital spending and operating expenses will continue to increase, but at a more moderate pace than in 2014.  during 2015, capital expenditures are expected to be about $1.5 billion as we expand production capacity, complete model x development, and invest in the gigafactory, our stores and service centers.  we also plan to grow our supercharger network by over 50% this year as well as continue other product development programs, including model 3.
our operating expenses will continue to grow in 2015, but at less than half the pace of growth in 2014, or approximately 45% to 50% annualized.  our r&d expenses in particular will continue to increase as we complete the development, validation, and testing of model x and accelerate design and engineering work on model 3. growth of sales, general and administrative expenses will be more modest as we will be particularly focused on increasing operational efficiency while we continue to expand our customer and corporate infrastructure.  over time, we expect overall operating expenses to decrease as a percentage of revenue.
as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 the net book value of our supercharger network was $107.8 million and $25.6 million and currently includes 380 locations globally. we plan to continue investing in our supercharger network for the foreseeable future, including in north america, europe and asia and expect such spending to be approximately 5% of total capital spending over the next 12 months. we allocate supercharger related expenses to cost of revenues automotive sales and selling, general, and administrative expenses. these costs were immaterial for all periods presented.
customer financing options we offer loans and leases in north america, europe and asia primarily through various financial institutions.  in 2013, we began offering a resale value guarantee in connection with certain loans offered by financial institutions and have since provided this guarantee to approximately 10,400 model s customers. model s deliveries with the resale value guarantee currently do not impact our cash flows and liquidity, since we receive the full amount of cash for the vehicle sales price at delivery. however, this program requires the deferral of revenues and costs into future periods under lease accounting. although lease accounting will continue to impact our revenues and operating results as this and similar programs initially ramp up, as time passes, the amortization of existing deferred revenues and costs will begin to partially offset this adverse impact. furthermore, while we do not assume any credit risk related to the customer, we are exposed to the risk that the vehicles' resale value may be lower than our estimates and the volume of vehicles returned to us may be higher than our estimates which could adversely impact our gross margin.
we currently offer leases in the u.s. directly from tesla finance, our captive financing entity, as well as through a bank partner.  leasing through tesla finance is now available in 37 states, the district of columbia and in 4 provinces of canada. we leased approximately 1,150 vehicles through tesla finance during 2014 and about approximately 200 vehicles through our banking partner.  leasing through both tesla finance and our banking partner exposes us to residual value risk and will adversely impact our near-term revenues and operating results by requiring the deferral of revenues and costs into future periods under lease accounting. in addition, for leases offered directly from tesla finance (but not for those offered through our bank partner), we will not receive the full amount of the cash for the vehicle price at delivery and will assume customer credit risk. we expect to increase our leasing activities during 2015.
we have set the residual values given to our customers under our resale value guarantee program at what we estimate will be the trade-in value of these vehicles at the end of the term of the option.  based on current market demand for our cars, we estimate the resale prices for our vehicles will continue to be above our resale value guarantee amounts.  should market values or customer demand decrease, these estimates may be impacted materially.
the tesla gigafactory we are developing the tesla gigafactory, a facility where we intend to work together with our suppliers to integrate battery precursor material, cell, module and battery pack production in one location. in june 2014, we broke ground on the gigafactory outside of reno, nevada. construction continued during the end of 2014 at an accelerated pace with first cells expected to be produced in 2016 for use in model s and model x.
while our plan is to produce lithium-ion cells and finished battery packs at the gigafactory, our plans for such production are at a very early stage. we have no experience in the production of lithium-ion cells, and accordingly we intend to engage partners with significant experience in cell production. we recently formalized our agreement with panasonic to partner on the gigafactory. panasonic will invest in production equipment that it will use to manufacture and supply us with battery cells. we will prepare and provide the land, buildings and utilities for the gigafactory, invest in production equipment for battery module and pack production and be responsible for the overall management of the gigafactory. we anticipate bringing on additional partners for the gigafactory to create a fully integrated industrial complex. although planning discussions with production and supply chain partners continue to progress well, to date we have not formalized any agreements with any other partners. in addition, the cost of building and operating the gigafactory could exceed our current expectations and the gigafactory may take longer to bring online than we anticipate.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. we base our estimates on historical experience, as appropriate, and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. accordingly, actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. we evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. to the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. we believe that the following critical accounting policies involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity than our other accounting policies. accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations.
revenue recognition automotive sales we recognize automotive sales revenue from sales of model s, including vehicle options, accessories and destination charges, vehicle service and sales of regulatory credits, such as zev and greenhouse gas emission (ghg) credits. we also recognize automotive sales revenue from the sales of electric vehicle powertrain components and systems, such as battery packs and drive units, to other manufacturers. revenue is recognized when (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery has occurred and there are no uncertainties regarding customer acceptance; (iii) fees are fixed or determinable; and (iv) collection is reasonably assured.
car sales include certain standard features and customer selected options and configurations that meet the definition of a deliverable under multiple-element accounting guidance, including internet connectivity, supercharging access, and specified software updates for cars equipped with autopilot hardware. these deliverables are valued on a stand-alone basis and we recognize their related revenue over our performance period which is generally the eight-year life of the car or, for software upgrades, as they are delivered. if we sell a derivable separately, we use that pricing to determine its fair value; otherwise, we use our best estimated selling price by considering third party pricing of similar options, costs used to develop and deliver the service, and other information which may be available.
resale value guarantee we offer a resale value guarantee program to customers who purchase a model s and finance their vehicle through one of our commercial banking partners in the us, canada and europe. under this program, model s customers have the option of selling their vehicle back to us during the period from 36 to 39 months after delivery for a specified value determined at time of purchase. because we offer a resale value guarantee, we account for these transactions as operating leases. accordingly, we recognize revenue attributable to the lease on a straight-line basis over the guarantee period to automotive sales revenue. similarly, we capitalize the cost of the leased vehicle and depreciate its value, less expected salvage value, to cost of automotive sales over the same period.
at the end of the guarantee period, which is the earlier of 39 months or the pay-off date of the initial loan, the resale value guarantee and deferred revenue balances are settled to automotive sales revenue and the net book value of the leased vehicle is expensed to costs of automotive sales if our customer retains ownership of the car.  in cases where a customer returns the vehicle back to us between months 36 and 39, we issue a check to the customer in the amount of the resale value guarantee and settle any remaining deferred revenue balance to automotive sales revenue.
at least annually, we assess the estimated market values of vehicles under our resale value guarantee program. as we accumulate more data related to the resale values of model s, there may be significant changes to their estimated values.
maintenance and service plans we offer a prepaid maintenance program for model s, which includes plans covering maintenance for up to eight years or up to 100,000 miles, provided these services are purchased within a specified period of time. the maintenance plans cover annual inspections and the replacement of wear and tear parts, excluding tires and the battery, with either a fixed fee per visit for tesla ranger service or unlimited tesla ranger visits for a higher initial purchase price. payments collected in advance of the performance of service are initially recorded in deferred revenues on the consolidated balance sheets and recognized in automotive sales as we fulfill our performance obligations.
we also offer an extended service plan, which covers the repair or replacement of model s parts for an additional four years or up to an additional 50,000 miles, after the end of our initial new vehicle limited warranty, provided they are purchased within a specified period of time. for customers that are not covered by our new vehicle limited warranties or our extended service plans, we offer tesla ranger service at a higher cost. payments collected in advance of the performance of service are initially recorded in deferred revenues on the consolidated balance sheets and recognized in automotive sales ratably over the service coverage periods.
we provided tesla roadster customers with the opportunity to purchase an extended warranty plan for the period after the end of our initial new vehicle limited warranty to cover additional services for an additional three years or 36,000 miles. we refer to this program as our extended service plan. amounts collected on these sales are initially recorded in deferred revenues on the consolidated balance sheets and recognized in automotive sales over the extended warranty period.
additionally, we have previously provided customers of our tesla roadsters with a one-time option to replace the battery packs in their vehicles at any time after the expiration of the new vehicle limited warranty but before the tenth anniversary of the purchase date of their vehicles. we refer to this program as our battery replacement program. amounts collected on these sales are initially recorded in deferred revenues on the consolidated balance sheets and recognized in automotive sales as we fulfill our obligation to replace the battery packs.
inventory valuation we value our inventories at the lower of cost or market. cost is computed using standard cost, which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis. we record inventory write-downs for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventories based upon assumptions about future demand forecasts. if our inventory on hand is in excess of our future demand forecast, the excess amounts are written off.
we also review inventory to determine whether its carrying value exceeds the net amount realizable upon the ultimate sale of the inventory. this requires us to determine the estimated selling price of our vehicles less the estimated cost to convert inventory on hand into a finished product.
once inventory is written-down, a new, lower-cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.
should our estimates of future selling prices or production costs change, material changes to these reserves may be required. a small change in our estimates may result in a material charge to our reported financial results.
warranties we provide a warranty on all vehicles, production powertrain components and systems sales, and we accrue warranty reserves upon delivery to customer. warranty reserves include management's best estimate of the projected costs to repair or to replace any items under warranty. these estimates are based on actual claims incurred to-date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims. we review our reserves at least quarterly to ensure that our accruals are adequate in meeting expected future warranty obligations, and we will adjust our estimates as needed. these estimates are inherently uncertain and changes to our historical or projected experience may cause material changes to our warranty reserves in the future. the portion of the warranty provision expected to be incurred within 12 months is classified as current within accrued liabilities, while the remaining amount is classified as long-term within other long-term liabilities. during the third quarter of 2014, we extended the warranty on our model s drive unit to eight years from four and reassessed our overall powertrain and vehicle warranty reserves which resulted in an additional charge of approximately $14.0 million.
our warranty reserves do not include projected warranty costs associated with our operating lease vehicles, including those sold with resale value or similar guarantee terms.  in such cases actual warranty costs are expensed as incurred and are recorded as a component of cost of revenues.
valuation of stock-based awards stock-based compensation we use the fair value method of accounting for our stock options and restricted stock units (rsus) granted to employees and our employee stock purchase plan (espp) to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for the stock-based awards. the fair value of stock options and espp are estimated on the grant date and offering date using the black-scholes option-pricing model. the fair value of rsus is measured on the grant date based on the closing fair market value of our common stock. the resulting cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the awards, usually the vesting period which is generally four years for stock options and rsus and six months for the espp. stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures.
the black-scholes option-pricing model requires inputs such as the risk-free interest rate, expected term and expected volatility. further, the forfeiture rate also affects the amount of aggregate compensation. these inputs are subjective and generally require significant judgment.
we estimate our forfeiture rate based on an analysis of our actual forfeiture experience and will continue to evaluate the appropriateness of the forfeiture rate based on actual forfeiture experience, analysis of employee turnover behavior and other factors. quarterly changes in the estimated forfeiture rate can have a significant effect on reported stock-based compensation expense, as the cumulative effect of adjusting the rate for all expense amortization is recognized in the period the forfeiture estimate is changed. if a revised forfeiture rate is higher than the previously estimated forfeiture rate, an adjustment is made that will result in a decrease to the stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated financial statements. if a revised forfeiture rate is lower than the previously estimated forfeiture rate, an adjustment is made that will result in an increase to the stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated financial statements.
as we accumulate additional employee stock-based awards data over time and as we incorporate market data related to our common stock, we may calculate significantly different volatilities, expected lives and forfeiture rates, which could materially impact the valuation of our stock-based awards and the stock-based compensation expense that we will recognize in future periods. stock-based compensation expense is recorded in our cost of revenues, research and development expenses, and selling, general and administrative expenses.
in august 2012, our board of directors granted 5,274,901 stock options to our ceo (2012 ceo grant).  the 2012 ceo grant consists of ten vesting tranches with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of both performance conditions and market conditions, assuming continued employment and service to us through each vesting date.
each of the vesting tranches requires a combination of one of the ten pre-determined performance milestones outlined below and an incremental increase in our market capitalization of $4.0 billion, as compared to the initial market capitalization of $3.2 billion measured at the time of the 2012 ceo grant.
·   gross margin of 30% or more for four consecutive quarters;
the term of the 2012 ceo grant is ten years, so any tranches that remain unvested at the expiration of the 2012 ceo grant will be forfeited.  in addition, unvested options will be forfeited if our ceo is no longer in that role, whether for cause or otherwise.
we measured the fair value of the 2012 ceo grant using a monte carlo simulation approach with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.65%, expected term of ten years, expected volatility of 55% and dividend yield of 0%.
stock-based compensation expense associated with the 2012 ceo grant is recognized for each pair of performance and market conditions over the longer of the expected achievement period of the performance and market conditions, beginning at the point in time that the relevant performance condition is considered probable of being met.
as of december 31, 2014, the market conditions for six vesting tranches and the following performance milestone were achieved and approved by our board of directors:
as of december 31, 2014, the following performance milestone was achieved and subject to our board of directors' approval at the upcoming board meeting:
as of december 31, 2014 the following three performance milestones were considered probable of achievement:
as the above three performance milestones were considered probable of achievement, we recorded stock-based compensation expense of $25.0 million, $14.5 million and $1.3 million for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
additionally, no cash compensation has ever been received by our ceo for his services to the company.
income taxes we record our provision for income taxes in our consolidated statements of operations by estimating our taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. we estimate our actual current tax exposure together with assessing temporary differences arising from differing treatment of items recognized for financial reporting versus tax return purposes. in general, deferred tax assets represent future tax benefits to be received when certain expenses previously recognized in our consolidated statements of operations become deductible expenses under applicable income tax laws, or loss or credit carryforwards are utilized. valuation allowances are recorded when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.
significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. we make these estimates and judgments about our future taxable income that are based on assumptions that are consistent with our future plans. as of december 31, 2014, we had recorded a full valuation allowance on our net u.s. deferred tax assets because we expect that it is more likely than not that our u.s. deferred tax assets will not be realized in the foreseeable future. should the actual amounts differ from our estimates, the amount of our valuation allowance could be materially impacted.
furthermore, significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions. in the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax settlement is uncertain. as a result, we recognize the effect of this uncertainty on our tax attributes based on our estimates of the eventual outcome. these effects are recognized when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are supportable, we believe that it is more likely than not that those positions may not be fully sustained upon review by tax authorities. we are required to file income tax returns in the united states and various foreign jurisdictions, which requires us to interpret the applicable tax laws and regulations in effect in such jurisdictions. such returns are subject to audit by the various federal, state and foreign taxing authorities, who may disagree with respect to our tax positions. we believe that our accounting consideration is adequate for all open audit years based on our assessment of many factors, including past experience and interpretations of tax law. we review and update our estimates in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit, the lapse of a statute of limitations or a material change in estimate. to the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters differs from our expectations, such differences may impact income tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. the eventual impact on our income tax expense depends in part if we still have a valuation allowance recorded against our deferred tax assets in the period that such determination is made.
results of operations revenues automotive sales automotive sales, which include vehicle, options and related sales, and powertrain component and related sales, consisted of the following for the periods presented (in thousands):
vehicle, options and related sales                $3,079,415                 $1,952,684                  $354,344
vehicle, options and related sales primarily represent revenues related to deliveries of model s, including vehicle options, accessories and destination charges, vehicle service and sales of regulatory credits to other automotive manufacturers. powertrain component and related sales represent the sales of electric vehicle powertrain components and systems, such as battery packs and drive units, to other manufacturers.
vehicle, options and related sales during the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 were $3.08 billion, $1.95 billion, and $354 million. the significant increases in vehicle, options and related sales was primarily driven by the ramp in model s deliveries, including the commencement of deliveries to europe in august 2013 and china in april 2014. deliveries of model s vehicles were 31,655 in 2014, 22,477 in 2013, and 2,636 in 2012 following the commencement of our model s deliveries in june 2012. the increase also resulted from higher sales of regulatory credits year-over-year. during the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 regulatory credit sales were $216.3 million, $194.4 million, and $40.5 million.
in april 2013, we launched our resale value guarantee program. during the year ending december 31, 2014, we delivered 5,224 cars and recognized $128.2 million revenue under this program. during 2013 we delivered 5,179 under this program and recognized $29.1 million of revenue. as of december 31, 2014, we recorded $373.5 million in deferred revenues and $487.9 million in resale value guarantee related to model s deliveries with the resale value guarantee. as of december 31, 2013, we recorded $230.9 million in deferred revenues and $236.3 million in resale value guarantee related to model s deliveries with the resale value guarantee powertrain component and related sales for the periods presented were related to powertrain component sales to daimler under the mercedes-benz b-class electric drive program which commenced in april 2014 and to toyota under the rav4 ev program. powertrain component and related sales for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were $113.3 million, $45.1 million and $31.4 million. during the third quarter of 2014, we completed the rav4 ev program.
development services development services represent arrangements where we develop electric vehicle powertrain components and systems for other automotive manufacturers, including the design and development of battery packs, drive units and chargers to meet customers' specifications. we provided development services to daimler and toyota to assist in the development of electric powertrains for the mercedes benz b-class ev and the toyota rav4.  during the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we recognized revenue under these arrangement in the amounts of $5.6 million, $15.7 million, $27.6 million. we do not expect any significant development services in future periods.
beginning in the first quarter of 2015, we will change the caption of this to be services and other revenue. this will include other revenues related to powertrain component sales to daimler and other oems, vehicle service and sales from used model s cars.
cost of revenues and gross profit cost of revenues includes cost of automotive sales and costs related to our development services.
cost of automotive sales for the year ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 were $2.31 billion, $1.54 billion, and $371.7 million. cost of automotive sales includes direct parts, material and labor costs, manufacturing overhead, including amortized tooling costs, royalty fees, shipping and logistic costs and reserves for estimated warranty expenses. cost of automotive sales also includes adjustments to warranty expense, charges to write down the carrying value of our inventory when it exceeds its estimated net realizable value and to provide for obsolete and on-hand inventory in excess of forecasted demand and charges related to write down of fixed assets no longer in use for the production of model s or our powertrain component sales. the increase in cost of automotive sales was driven primarily by the ramp in model s deliveries.
in the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 we recognized $66.1 million and $19.4 million, respectively, in cost of automotive sales related to vehicle depreciation for cars accounted for as operating leases. for cars accounted for as leases our warranty reserves do not include projected warranty costs as such actual warranty costs are expensed as incurred. for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, warranty costs incurred for our lease vehicles were $7.0 million and $1.6 million.
gross profit for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 were $881.7 million, $456.3 million and $30.1 million gross margin for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 were 27.6%, 22.7%, and 7.3%. the increase in gross profit from 2013 to 2014 was primarily due to manufacturing and supply chain efficiencies as well as component cost reductions and higher regulatory credit sales, partially offset by one-time manufacturing inefficiencies associated with transitioning to our new final assembly line and launch of all-wheel drive dual motor model s. the increase in gross profit from 2012 to 2013 was primarily due to higher vehicle production volumes, cost reduction efforts including process efficiencies in manufacturing and supply chain, design improvements, as well as reduction of waste in the supply chain.
research and development expenses research and development (r&d) expenses consist primarily of personnel costs for our teams in engineering and research, supply chain, quality, manufacturing engineering and manufacturing test organizations, prototyping expense, contract and professional services and amortized equipment expense. overhead costs related to the tesla factory prior to the start of production of model s are also included in r&d expenses. also included in r&d expenses are development services costs that we incur, if any, prior to the finalization of agreements with our development services customers as reaching a final agreement and revenue recognition is not assured. development services costs incurred after the finalization of an agreement are recorded in cost of revenues.
r&d expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $464.7 million, an increase from $232.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in r&d expenses consisted primarily of an $85.3 million increase in employee compensation expenses, a $60.7 million increase in expensed materials primarily to support our model x, dual motor powertrain and right-hand drive model s development, a $50.9 million increase in costs related to model x, dual motor powertrain and right-hand drive model s engineering, design and testing activities, a $28.1 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to increased headcount and increasing values of awards granted, a $4.1 million increase in office, information technology and facilities-related costs and a $3.3 million increase in shipping charges for model x, dual motor powertrain and right-hand drive model s development.
r&d expenses for the year ended december 31, 2013 were $232.0 million, a decrease from $274.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. r&d expenses decreased due to significant development, prototyping and testing expenses related to the model s launch in 2012, partially offset by an increase in similar costs in 2013 for model x and right-hand drive model s and other programs. the $42.0 million decrease in r&d expenses during the year ended december 31, 2013 consisted primarily of an $18.2 million decrease in expensed materials, an $8.5 million decrease in employee compensation expenses, a $7.8 million decrease in costs related to model s engineering, design and testing activities, a $6.6 million decrease in shipping charges for model s prototype materials and a $4.9 million decrease in office, information technology and facilities-related costs. the decrease was partially offset by a $5.0 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to a larger number of outstanding equity awards due to additional headcount and generally an increasing common stock valuation applied to new grants.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses consist primarily of personnel and facilities costs related to our tesla stores, marketing, sales, executive, finance, human resources, information technology and legal organizations, as well as litigation settlements and fees for professional and contract services.
sg&a expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $603.7 million, an increase from $285.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. sg&a expenses increased primarily from higher headcount and costs to support an expanded retail, service and supercharger footprint as well as the general growth of the business. the $318.1 million increase in our sg&a expenses consisted primarily of a $141.1 million increase in employee compensation expenses related to higher sales and marketing headcount to support sales activities worldwide and higher general and administrative headcount to support the expansion of the business, a $135.9 million increase in office, information technology and facilities-related costs to support the growth of our business as well as sales and marketing activities to handle our expanding market presence, a $35.8 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to additional headcount and  increasing value of awards granted and a $27.2 million increase in professional and outside services costs.
sg&a expenses for the year ended december 31, 2013 were $285.6 million, an increase from $150.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. sg&a expenses increased primarily from higher headcount and costs to support an expanded retail, service and supercharger footprint as well as the general growth of the business. the $135.2 million increase in our sg&a expenses during the year ended december 31, 2013 consisted primarily of a $62.8 million increase in employee compensation expenses related to higher sales and marketing headcount to support sales activities worldwide and higher general and administrative headcount to support the expansion of the business, a $36.8 million increase in office, information technology and facilities-related costs to support the growth of our business as well as sales and marketing activities to handle our expanding market presence, a $17.8 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to additional headcount and  increasing value of awards granted and a $17.2 million increase in professional and outside services costs.
interest expense interest expense for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 was $100.9 million, $32.9 million and $0.3 million. the increase in interest expense from 2013 to 2014 was due to the issuance of $920.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2019 notes and $1.38 billion aggregate principal amount of 2021 notes during the first half of 2014. the increase in interest expense from 2012 to 2013 was due to $17.8 million of interest expense incurred upon repayment of the department of energy (doe) loan in may 2013 for early repayment fees, accrued interest and the amortization of the remaining loan origination costs as well as interest associated with the $660.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2018 notes issued in may 2013.
other income (expense), net other income (expense), net, consists primarily of the change in the fair value of our doe common stock warrant liability and foreign exchange gains and losses related to our foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities. we expect our foreign exchange gains and losses will vary depending upon movements in the underlying exchange rates. prior to the expiration of the doe warrant in may 2013, the doe warrant had been carried at its estimated fair value with changes in its fair value reflected in other income (expense), net.
other income (expense), net, for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $1.8 million, $22.6 million and ($1.8) million. the other income, net of $22.6 million in 2013 was primarily due to the reduction in fair value of our doe common stock warrant liability of $10.7 million during the year. in march 2013, we entered into a fourth amendment to the doe loan facility which, among other things, accelerated the maturity date of our doe loans to december 15, 2017; therefore, the doe warrant was no longer expected to vest. the other income, net, also includes the favorable foreign currency exchange impact from our foreign currency-denominated liabilities during the year ended december 31, 2013, especially related to the japanese yen.
provision for income taxes our provision for income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 was $9.4 million, $2.6 million, and $0.1 million. the increases in the provision for income taxes were due primarily to the increase in taxable income in our international jurisdictions, following the commencement of european model s deliveries in august 2013 and model s deliveries in asia in april 2014.
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2014, we had $1.91 billion in principal sources of liquidity available from our cash and cash equivalents including $1.27 billion of money market funds. amounts held in foreign currencies had a us dollar equivalent of $315 million as of december 31, 2014, and consisted primarily of chinese yuan, japanese yen, euro and norwegian krone.
sources of cash are predominately from our deliveries of model s, as well as customer deposits for model s and model x, sales of regulatory credits, cash from the provision of development services, and sales of powertrain components and systems. we expect that our current sources of liquidity, including cash and cash equivalents, together with our current projections of cash flow from operating activities, will provide us with adequate liquidity over the next 12 months based on our current plans. these cash flows enable us to fund our ongoing operations, research and development projects for our planned model x, model 3, and certain other future products; purchase tooling and manufacturing equipment required to introduce model x and to continue to ramp up production of model s; construct our gigafactory; and establish and expand our stores, service centers and supercharger network. we currently anticipate making aggregate capital expenditures of about $1.5 billion over the next 12 months.
when market conditions are favorable, we may evaluate alternatives to pursue liquidity options to fund capital intensive initiatives. should prevailing economic, financial, business or other factors adversely affect our ability to meet our operating cash requirements, we could be required to obtain funding though traditional or alternative sources of financing. we cannot be certain that additional funds would be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all.
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities       $(57,337           )                $264,804             $(263,815         )
net cash used in investing activities                             (990,444   )                (249,417   )                (206,930   )
net cash provided by financing activities                        2,143,130                     635,422                     419,635
cash flows from operating activities our cash flows from operating activities are significantly affected by our cash investments to support the growth of our business in areas such as manufacturing, research and development and selling, general and administrative. our operating cash flows are also affected by our working capital needs to support growth and fluctuations in inventory, personnel related expenditures, accounts payable and other current assets and liabilities.
our operating cash inflows include cash from sales of our model s, customer deposits for model s and model x, sales of regulatory credits, cash from the provision of development services, and sales of powertrain components and systems. these cash inflows are offset by payments we make to our suppliers for production materials and parts used in our manufacturing process, employee compensation, operating leases and interest expense on our financings.
cash provided by (used in) operating activities was ($57.3) million, $264.8 million and ($263.8) million in 2014, 2013 and 2012. the decrease in operating cash flows in 2014 as compared to 2013 was due to an increase in finished goods inventory primarily due to cars whose delivery slipped from q4 of 2014 to the following year, an increase in raw material inventory balances at year end necessary to meet our planned production requirements for model s in q1 of the following year, higher operating expenses in r&d and sg&a, and use of cash for vehicles directly leased by us, partially offset by increased cash receipts from customer payments on vehicle sales, including an increase in customer deposits.
the increase in operating cash flows in 2013 as compared to 2012 was due to an increase in cash receipts from customer payments on vehicles deliveries, including for cars sold under our resale value guarantee program, increased regulatory credits sold and increased customer deposits from orders for model s and x. this was partially offset by an increase in inventory balances at year-end necessary to meet our planned production requirements for model s in q1 of the following year.
customer deposits we collect deposits from customers at the time they place an order for a vehicle and, in some locations, at certain additional milestones up to the point of delivery. customer deposit amounts and timing vary depending on the vehicle model and country of delivery. customer deposits related to model x still represent fully refundable reservations. amounts are included in current liabilities until refunded or until they are applied to a customer's purchase balance at time of delivery. as of december 31, 2014, we held $257.6 million in customer deposits.
cash flows from investing activities cash flows from investing activities primarily relate to capital expenditures to support our growth in operations, including investments in model s manufacturing equipment and tooling and our stores, service centers and supercharger network infrastructure. cash used in investing activities was $990.4 million, $249.4 million and $206.9 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012. cash flows from investing activities and variability between each year related primarily to capital expenditures, which were $969.9 million, $264.2 million, and $239.2 million in 2014, 2013, and 2012. expenditures in all years consisted primarily of purchases of capital equipment, tooling, and facilities to support our model s and model x manufacturing.
in 2014, we began construction of our gigafactory facility in nevada.  tesla's contribution to total capital expenditures are expected to be about $2.0 billion over the next 5 years.  in 2014, we used cash of $62.2 million towards the construction of the first stage of this project and expect to spend up to $300 million over the next 12 months.
cash flows from financing activities net cash provided by financing activities was $2.14 billion, $635.4 million, and $419.6 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the increase in cash provided from financing in 2014 and compared to 2013 was primarily due to $2.1 billion net proceeds from the issuance of our 2019 and 2021 notes, including the associated hedge and warrant transactions, representing a $1.5 billion increase in debt financing as compared to 2013. cash flows from financing in 2013 that did not recur in 2014 included proceeds of $415.0 million from the issuance of common stock in public and private offerings and $452.3 million used to repay our doe loans.
the increase in cash provided from financing in 2013 and compared to 2012 was primarily due to $585.9 million net proceeds from the issuance of our 2018 notes, including the associated hedge and warrant transactions, and a $193.5 million increase in proceeds from public and private equity issuances. in 2013 we used $452.3 million to repay our doa loans as compared to proceeds of $188.8 million received during 2012 under these loans.
0.25% and 1.25% convertible senior notes and bond hedge and warrant transactions in 2014, we issued $920.0 million principal amount of 0.25% convertible senior notes due 2019 (2019 notes) and $1.38 billion principal amount of 1.25% convertible senior notes due 2021 (2021 notes) in a public offering. the total net proceeds from these offerings, after deducting transaction costs, were approximately 905.8 million from 2019 notes and $1.36 billion from 2021 notes, respectively. the interest rates are fixed at 0.25% and 1.25% per annum for the 2019 and 2021 notes, respectively, and are payable semi-annually in arrears on march 1 and september 1 of each year, commencing on september 1, 2014.
in connection with the offering of these notes in 2014, we purchased a convertible note hedges for $603.4 million and sold warrants $389.2 million. taken together, the purchase of the convertible note hedges and the sale of warrants are intended to offset any actual dilution from the conversion of the 2019 notes and 2021 notes.
during the fourth quarter of 2014, the closing price of our common stock did not meet or exceed 130% of the applicable conversion price of our 2019 notes and 2021 notes on at least 20 of the last 30 consecutive trading days of the quarter; furthermore, no other conditions allowing holders of these notes to convert have been met as of december 31, 2014. therefore, the 2019 notes and 2021 notes are not convertible during the first quarter of 2015 and are classified as long-term debt. should the closing price conditions be met in the first quarter of 2015 or a future quarter, the notes will be convertible at their holders' option during the immediately following quarter.
1.50% convertible senior notes and bond hedge and warrant transactions in may 2013, we issued $660.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.50% convertible senior notes due 2018 (the notes) in a public offering. the net proceeds from the offering, after deducting transaction costs, were approximately $648.0 million. the interest under the notes is fixed at 1.50% per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears on june 1 and december 1 of each year, commencing on december 1, 2013.
in connection with the offering of the 2018 notes, we purchased a convertible note hedge for $177.5 million and sold warrants for $120.3 million. taken together, the purchase of the convertible note hedges and the sale of warrants are intended to offset any actual dilution from the conversion of the 2018 notes.
during the fourth quarter of 2014, the closing price of our common stock exceeded 130% of the applicable conversion price of our 2018 notes on at least 20 of the last 30 consecutive trading days of the quarter; therefore, holders of 2018 notes may convert their notes during the first quarter of 2015. upon conversion of 2018 notes, we will be obligated to pay cash for the principal amount of the converted notes and we may also have to deliver shares of our common stock in respect of such converted notes. any conversion of the notes prior to their maturity or acceleration of the repayment of the notes could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, business, results of operations and financial condition. should the closing price conditions be met in the first quarter of 2015 or a future quarter, 2018 notes will be convertible at their holders' option during the immediately following quarter. under current market conditions, we do not expect the 2018 notes will be converted in the short term.
for more information on the 2018 notes, 2019 notes, and 2021 notes see item 8. of part ii, financial statements and supplementary data, note 6 - convertible notes and long-term debt obligation to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
common stock offering and concurrent private placement concurrent with the execution of the notes and related transactions in may 2013, we also completed a public offering of common stock and sold a total of 3,902,862 shares of our common stock for total cash proceeds of approximately $355.1 million (which includes 487,857 shares or $45.0 million sold to our chief executive officer (ceo)), net of underwriting discounts and offering costs. we also sold 596,272 shares of our common stock to our ceo and received total cash proceeds of $55.0 million in a private placement at the public offering price.
contractual obligations we are party to contractual obligations involving commitments to make payments to third parties, including certain debt financing arrangements and leases, primarily for stores, service centers, certain manufacturing and corporate offices. these also include, as part of our normal business practices, contracts with suppliers for purchases of certain raw materials, components, and services to facilitate adequate supply of these materials and services and capacity reservation contracts. we have the following contractual obligations, including firm purchase obligations. a purchase obligation is defined as an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding on us and that specifies all significant terms. for obligations with cancellation provisions, the amounts included in the table below were limited to the non-cancelable portion of the agreement terms. the expected timing of payments of the obligations in the preceding table is estimated based on current information. timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different, depending on the time of receipt of goods or services, or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations. open purchase orders are generally cancellable in full or in part at our discretion and are therefore not considered firm purchase obligations.
the following table sets forth, as of december 31, 2014 certain significant obligations that will affect our future liquidity (in thousands):
capital lease obligations, including interest              22,420                    10,153                   8,112                  3,592                    563
(1)   amounts do not include future cash payments for purchase obligations which were recorded in accounts payable or accrued liabilities at december 31, 2014.
(2)   these totals represent aggregate purchase commitments with all vendors. some of the commitments included are our agreements with panasonic corporation, to the extent quantities and timing of such purchases are fixed. should we terminate the panasonic contracts prior to purchasing certain minimum quantities, we would owe an additional $81 million under the terms of the agreement as of december 31, 2014.
(3)   during the fourth quarter of 2014, the closing price of our common stock exceeded 130% of the applicable conversion price of our 2018 notes on at least 20 of the last 30 consecutive trading days of the quarter; therefore, holders of 2018 notes may convert their notes during the first quarter of 2015. as such, we classified the $601.6 million carrying value of our 2018 notes as current liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2014 and have included related contractual payments in the 2015 category in the table above.
in connection with our tesla factory located in fremont, california, we are obligated to pay for the remediation of certain environmental conditions existing at the time we purchased the property from new united motor manufacturing, inc. (nummi). as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, we accrued a total of $4.0 million and $5.5 million, respectively, related to these environmental liabilities. nummi is responsible for remediation costs between $15 million and $30 million for up to 10 years from the closing date.
off-balance sheet arrangements during the periods presented, we did not have relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.