The Company warns that “if we do not appropriately manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems and processes, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be adversely affected,” noting that rapid growth “has placed a strain on our management, administrative, operational and financial infrastructure” and that it “has had to manage an increasingly large and more complex array of internal systems and processes to scale with all aspects of our business.”  It acknowledges that “to manage domestic and international growth of our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting processes and procedures and implement more extensive and integrated financial and business information systems,” but cautions that “we may not be able to successfully implement these or other improvements to our systems and processes in an efficient or timely manner, and we may discover deficiencies in their capabilities or effectiveness” and that “our systems and processes may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions or fraud.”  The Company further cautions that “our failure to improve our systems and processes, or their failure to operate effectively and in the intended manner, may result in disruption of our current operations and end-customer relationships, our inability to manage the growth of our business and our inability to accurately forecast our revenue, expenses and earnings and prevent certain losses.”  It identifies exposure to “risks and difficulties frequently experienced by rapidly growing companies in constantly evolving industries, including … in connection with third-party technology” and “inability to fulfill our end customers’ orders due to the availability of inventory, supply chain delays, access to key commodities or technologies or events that impact our manufacturers or their suppliers,” noting that “we may be unable to obtain a sufficient quantity of these components on commercially reasonable terms or in a timely manner, if at all.”  The Company warns that “product defects or errors could affect the performance of our products and could delay the development or release of new products or new versions of products,” that “our reliance on third-party contract manufacturers … reduces our control over the manufacturing process, quality assurance, product costs and product supply and timing, which exposes us to risk,” and that “our redesign efforts could be extremely costly and time consuming as well as disruptive to our other development activities and distracting to management.”  It also recognizes that “failure to comply with any … regulations could result in fines, penalties, third-party claims, reduced sales of our products, substantial product inventory write-offs and reputational damage” and that it “record[s] a provision when inventory is determined to be in excess of anticipated demand or obsolete to adjust inventory to its estimated realizable value.”  Finally, the Company observes that “weak domestic or global economic conditions, fear or anticipation of such conditions or a reduction in information technology and network infrastructure spending … could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.”