Abbott’s sales, costs, and financial position over the same period were impacted by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to international currencies and a challenging economic and fiscal environment in several emerging economies, prompting investments to increase operational flexibility and maintain continuity. In 2014, Abbott increased the local presence of its nutrition business in various countries by investing in its global infrastructure; Abbott opened three new manufacturing plants, one in China, one in India, and one in the United States to meet the demand for its products, and formed a strategic alliance with Fonterra, the world’s largest dairy cooperative, to develop a proposed dairy farm hub in China. In Abbott’s worldwide diagnostics business, margin improvement continued to be a key focus in 2015; operating margins increased from 22.2 percent of sales in 2013 to 25.2 percent in 2015 as the business continued to execute on efficiency initiatives in the manufacturing and supply chain functions. Abbott management approved plans to streamline operations in order to reduce costs and improve efficiencies in various Abbott businesses including the nutritional, established pharmaceuticals and vascular businesses, recording employee-related severance and other charges of approximately $95 million in 2015 and $164 million in 2014. In September 2014, Abbott completed the acquisition of the controlling interest in CFR Pharmaceuticals S.A., more than doubling its branded generics pharmaceutical presence in Latin America and further expanding its presence in emerging markets, and through the acquisition of Veropharm in December 2014, Abbott established a manufacturing footprint in Russia and obtained a portfolio of medicines that is well aligned with its therapeutic areas of focus. In August 2015, Abbott completed the acquisition of the equity of Tendyne Holdings, Inc., focused on developing minimally invasive mitral valve replacement therapies, allowing Abbott to broaden its foundation in the treatment of mitral valve disease. On January 30, 2016, Abbott entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Alere, Inc., and in February 2016 obtained a commitment for a 364-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility for an amount not to exceed $9 billion, which will provide back-up financing and support business continuity in conjunction with the pending acquisition. Abbott has readily available financial resources, including unused lines of credit of $5.0 billion that support commercial paper borrowing arrangements which expire in 2019, and believes that it has sufficient sources of liquidity to support its assumption that the disclosed amount of undistributed earnings at December 31, 2015 can be considered to be reinvested indefinitely in foreign subsidiaries, although repatriation may require the accrual and payment of U.S. income taxes if needed for U.S. operations. Abbott funded $579 million in 2015, $393 million in 2014 and $724 million in 2013 to defined benefit pension plans and expects pension funding of approximately $576 million in 2016, illustrating resource generation and deployment to preserve employee benefits. Abbott regularly analyzes historical rebate trends and makes adjustments to reserves for changes in trends and terms of rebate programs, monitors the credit worthiness of customers in various geographic areas, establishes allowances against trade receivables when collection is not probable, and regularly communicates with customers regarding the status of receivable balances, including payment plans, to mitigate financial risks. Abbott plans to manage its portfolio of projects to achieve research and development spending equal to approximately 6 percent to 7 percent of sales each year and expects annual cash flow from operating activities to continue to exceed capital expenditures and cash dividends, demonstrating strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility under varying market conditions.