On August 3, 2015, we completed the acquisition of the American Medical Systems male urology portfolio, integrating it with our formerly named urology and women’s health business to form Urology and Pelvic Health, and we acquired the Interventional Radiology portfolio of Celonova and Xlumena, thereby reconfiguring our product trajectories and resource deployment toward future growth.  Our cash generated from operations continues to be a significant source of funds for investing in our growth, including acquisitions and strategic alliances, managing our contingencies and reducing our debt levels.  We believe our investment-grade credit profile reflects the size and diversity of our product portfolio, our leading market positions, our strong cash flow and solid financial fundamentals, and underpins our ability to preserve functioning and emerge stronger under external variations.  As part of our strategic imperative to drive global expansion, we have increased our investment in infrastructure and strengthened relationships in emerging markets to grow net sales and market share despite currency and regulatory pressures.  On an on-going basis, we monitor the dynamics of the economy, the healthcare industry and our served markets, and we assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency and to better align expenses with revenues, while preserving our ability to make investments in research and development, capital and people to drive growth.  As a result of these assessments, we have undertaken various restructuring initiatives, including our 2014 restructuring plan, which we expect to complete by the end of 2016 and which is designed to reduce gross annual expenses by approximately $200 million, with a substantial portion of savings to be reinvested in strategic growth initiatives.  We have achieved manufacturing cost reductions through restructuring and process-improvement programs, implemented plant network optimization and other cost-containment measures, and continue to manage market risk from currency exchange rate changes at the corporate level.  We also continually review our exposure to litigation and product liability claims, make provisions for probable losses, and maintain adequate cash and working capital to ensure operational continuity.  In response to changes in U.S. healthcare legislation, including the temporary suspension of the medical device excise tax, we intend to reinvest the amounts we would have expended on this tax into jobs, innovation, research and development, collaborations and other initiatives to drive revenue growth.  We invest excess cash in short-term financial instruments while mitigating principal risk through instrument and counterparty diversification, limit our exposure to any single industry or issuer, and maintain full access to our $2 billion revolving credit facility and $300 million receivables-secured facility.  Based on our current business plan, we believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, future cash generated from operations and access to capital markets and credit facilities will be sufficient to fund our operations, invest in infrastructure, manage contingencies, pursue strategic acquisitions and repay debt, thereby absorbing strain and preserving performance despite adversity.