Boston Scientific’s 10-K disclosures describe a series of measures and contingencies aimed at preserving business continuity and supporting positive adjustment under challenging conditions, including identification of risks that “interruption of our supply chain or manufacturing operations, including resulting from natural disasters, further public health crises and other catastrophic events or other events outside of our control, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition,” and acknowledgment that “we may be unable to quickly move to alternate means of producing affected products or to meet customer demand.” The Company reports that “global supply chain disruption drove increased manufacturing and supply costs, including inflation on costs of certain raw materials and components, direct labor and freight, as well as inefficiencies in our manufacturing plants due to constraints in material availability,” and has implemented “prior restructuring and optimization initiatives to enhance our growth potential and position us for long-term success.” Under its “2023 restructuring plan,” Boston Scientific intends to “ensure that we are structured and resourced to support our strategic imperatives and deliver sustainable value” and will “further build on our global supply chain optimization strategy, which is intended to simplify our manufacturing and distribution network … and expand operational efficiencies and resiliency.” Management addresses the COVID-19 pandemic by noting that “the severity, magnitude, and ultimate duration … and its economic consequences are uncertain, subject to rapid change, and difficult to predict,” while affirming “we intend to manage through these challenges with strategic focus and the winning spirit of our global team.” In addition, the Company underscores its financial resilience via a $2.75 billion revolving credit facility, and highlights risk mitigation in information technology, observing “we rely on information technology … and our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems” in response to evolving cyber-attack threats. The report also recognizes environmental disruptions, stating that “climate change and natural disasters could … cause disruption in our business and operations or increase costs to operate our business,” and details ISO 50001 and ISO 14001 certifications and renewable energy programs to strengthen site resilience. Finally, management affirms maintenance of “effective internal control over financial reporting” under the COSO framework to preserve system integrity and performance amid internal and external disturbances.