Abbvie's mission is to discover and develop innovative medicines and products that solve serious health issues today and address the medical challenges of tomorrow while achieving top-tier financial performance through outstanding execution. The company intends to execute its strategy and advance its mission by leveraging Abbvie's commercial strength and international infrastructure across therapeutic areas and ensuring strong commercial execution of new product launches. Abbvie's strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results, maximizing the benefits of a diversified revenue base, advancing and investing in its pipeline, and returning value to shareholders while ensuring a strong, sustainable growth business over the long term. Research and innovation are the cornerstones of Abbvie's business as a global biopharmaceutical company. Abbvie's long-term success depends to a great extent on its ability to continue to discover and develop innovative products and acquire or collaborate on compounds currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. The company expects to achieve its strategic objectives through successful integration of acquisitions, advancing its oncology portfolio, and maximizing its existing eye care portfolio. Abbvie's financial performance in 2023 included delivering worldwide net revenues of $54.3 billion, operating earnings of $12.8 billion, and cash flows from operations of $22.8 billion. The company's financial results reflected continued funding to support all stages of Abbvie's pipeline assets and continued investment in Abbvie's on-market brands. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 has had a significant impact on how drugs are covered and paid for under the Medicare program, which could accelerate revenue erosion prior to expiration of intellectual property protections. Abbvie's strategy includes generating substantial operating cash flows to support investment in innovative research and development. The company engages in collaborative, licensing, and other arrangements that may require future milestone payments contingent upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory, or commercial milestones. Abbvie's ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt, or enter into financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a material decline in the demand for the company's products or in the solvency of its customers or suppliers. The company believes it has sufficient financial flexibility to support its growth objectives. Abbvie's strategic objectives include leveraging technology resources and capabilities to enhance operational efficiency and support business needs, which are critical for maintaining competitive advantage in the evolving biopharmaceutical landscape. The company regularly monitors economic conditions, the creditworthiness of customers, and government regulations, which are essential for effective resource management and operational flexibility. Abbvie's investments in research and development, alongside its strategic resource allocation, are designed to enhance its capabilities and ensure alignment with market dynamics and consumer demands. The company's focus on information management capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to further organizational goals.