We are a leading global provider of cloud-based human capital management ("HCM") technology solutions to employers around the world. Our HCM solutions, which include both software and outsourcing services, are designed to help our clients manage their workforce through a dynamic business and regulatory landscape and the changing world of work. We continuously seek to enhance our leading HCM solutions to further support our clients. We see tremendous growth opportunity ahead as we focus on our three key strategic priorities: leading with best-in-class HCM technology, providing unparalleled expertise and outsourcing, and leveraging our global scale for the benefit of our clients. Executing on our strategic priorities will be critical to enabling our growth in the years ahead. During the fiscal year, we drove strong progress across a number of key measures and in support of our overall strategic priorities. We crossed a major milestone, surpassing the 1 million client mark, driven by continued enhancements to our key solutions like Run and Workforce Now. We continued the deployment of our unified user experience to key portions of our portfolio such as the Run mobile app. We were awarded top HR product for the 8th consecutive year at the annual HR Tech Conference, in recognition for our recently launched intelligent self-service solution. Our strong business model generates significant cash flows with low capital intensity and offers a suite of products that provide critical support to our clients' HCM functions. We generate sufficient free cash flow to satisfy our cash dividend and our modest debt obligations, which enables us to absorb the impact of downturns and remain steadfast in our reinvestments, longer-term strategy, and commitments to shareholder-friendly actions. We are committed to building upon our past successes by investing in our business through enhancements in research and development and by driving meaningful transformation in the way we operate. Systems development and programming costs increased for fiscal 2023 due to increased investments and costs to develop, support, and maintain our new and existing products. The increases in expenses were due to increased costs to service our client base in support of our growing revenue, increases in selling expenses, and investments and costs to develop, support, and maintain our new and existing products. We believe these results are largely attributable to improvements made to our platforms and service over multiple years. Our financial condition remains solid, and we remain well positioned to support our associates and our clients. The increases in revenues discussed above, and operating efficiencies for costs of servicing our clients on growing revenue, partially offset by increased selling expenses, increased interest expense, and increases in zero-margin pass-through costs, contributed to the overall margin increase. We utilize historical loss experience and actuarial judgment to determine the estimated claim liability, and changes in estimated ultimate incurred losses are included in the PEO segment. Our investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments out to five years and out to ten years. We have established credit quality, maturity, and exposure limits for our investments. We believe we have significantly reduced the risk of not having sufficient funds to satisfy our client funds obligations by consistently maintaining access to other sources of liquidity, including our corporate cash balances, available borrowings under our $9.7 billion commercial paper program, and our ability to engage in reverse repurchase agreement transactions.