We are experiencing supply chain disruptions as a result of production quality issues, global supply chain constraints, and labor instability. These factors have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. The introduction of new aircraft and derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, production, and certification schedules. These challenges include significant global regulatory scrutiny of all development aircraft. The development and ongoing production of commercial aircraft is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with suppliers and highly-skilled labor from employees and other partners. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. The commercial aircraft market and the airline industry both remain extremely competitive. Continued access to global markets remains vital to our ability to fully realize our sales potential and long-term investment returns. We face aggressive international competitors who are intent on increasing their market share. They offer competitive products and have access to most of the same customers and suppliers. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable. Government services market segments are growing on pace with related fleets, but vary based on the utilization and age of the aircraft. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. The aerospace markets we serve include parts distribution, logistics and other inventory services; maintenance, engineering and upgrades; training and professional services; and data analytics and digital services. We expect BGS commercial revenues to remain strong in future quarters as the commercial airline industry transitions from recovery to growth. The overall outlook continues to stabilize as we face uncertainties in the environment in the near- to medium-term as airlines are facing persistently high and volatile cost of fuel and tight labor conditions. The long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to the fundamental drivers of air travel demand: economic growth, increasing propensity to travel due to increased trade, globalization, and improved airline services driven by liberalization of air traffic rights between countries. We expect approximately 30 percent of the worldwide fleet of military aircraft to be retired and replaced over the next ten years, driving increased demand for services to maintain aging aircraft and enhance aircraft capability. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses. We continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain. The transition in the international commercial market from recovery to normal market conditions is progressing slowly as China international travel remains below 2019 levels. We continue to experience production disruptions and inefficiencies due to technical challenges, supplier disruption, and factory performance. These factors have contributed to significant earnings charges on fixed-price development programs as well as on a number of mature programs which are continuing to adversely affect margins and cash flows. We are committed to being the leader in commercial aviation by offering airplanes and services that deliver superior design, safety, quality, efficiency, and value to customers around the world. The competitive environment has resulted in intense pressures on pricing and other competitive factors, and we expect these pressures to continue or intensify in the coming years.