We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world, aiming to provide consumers with a best-in-class experience offering the travel choices they want, seamlessly connecting them with our travel service provider partners. We offer these services through five primary consumer-facing brands and derive substantially all of our revenues from enabling consumers to make travel service reservations. We focus on relentless innovation to grow our business by providing a best-in-class user experience with intuitive, easy-to-use online platforms that aim to exceed the expectations of online consumers. We have a long-term strategy to create an ideal traveler experience, offering our customers relevant options and connections at the times and in the language they want them, making trips booked with us seamless, easy, and valuable. As part of our strategy to provide more payment options to consumers and travel service providers, we increasingly process transactions on a merchant basis, which allows us to offer secure and flexible transaction terms to consumers. This results in additional expenses for personnel, payment processing, chargebacks, and other expenses related to these transactions. Our total marketing expenses increased year-over-year, driven by the improving demand environment and our efforts to invest in marketing. Marketing efficiency can also be impacted by the extent to which consumers come directly to our platforms for bookings. We have established widely-used and recognized brands through marketing and promotional campaigns. Our information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, cloud computing costs, and outsourced data center costs. Information technology expenses increased in 2023 compared to 2022 due to increased cloud computing costs and outsourced data center costs, as well as increased software license and system maintenance fees. We recognize revenue from bookings when the traveler checks in, and our reported revenue is not at risk of being reversed due to cancellations. We have observed a general improvement in cancellation rates in recent years, though we have seen periods of elevated cancellation rates from time to time. The competition for technology talent in our industry is intense, and as a result of the competitive labor market and inflationary pressure on compensation, our personnel expenses to attract and retain key talent have increased. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results. Our investments in initiatives to drive future growth have added pressure on operating margins. We believe that expanding our service offerings will benefit consumers and travel service providers, as well as our gross bookings, room night, and earnings growth rates. Our technology infrastructure supports our operational efficiency and enhances our ability to respond to market dynamics. We are subject to ongoing tax examinations and assessments in various jurisdictions, which may impact our operational flexibility. Our effective tax rate is influenced by various factors, including international tax rates and the benefits derived from the Netherlands innovation box tax. We believe that our existing cash balances and liquid resources will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures, and other obligations through at least the next twelve months.