We are a leading global provider of payments and financial services technology solutions. Our operations are comprised of the merchant acceptance segment, the financial technology segment, and the payments segment. The businesses in our fintech segment provide financial institutions around the world with the technology solutions they need to run their operations, including products and services that enable financial institutions to process customer deposit and loan accounts and manage an institution's general ledger and central information files. Many of the products and services offered in the fintech segment are integrated with products and services provided by our other segments. The businesses in our payments segment provide financial institutions and corporate and public sector clients with the products and services required to process digital payment transactions. Financial services providers regularly introduce and implement new payment, deposit, risk management, lending, and investment products, and the distinctions among the products and services traditionally offered by different types of financial institutions and other financial technology providers continue to narrow as they seek to serve the same customers. The evolving global regulatory and cybersecurity landscape has continued to create a challenging operating environment for financial institutions. These conditions are driving heightened interest in solutions that help financial institutions win and retain customers, generate revenue, comply with regulations, and enhance operating efficiency. Financial institutions must now be able to serve their customers with tailored solutions, delivered how and when those customers want. This requires financial institutions to not only process their transactions but to integrate their products and services to give customers easy access to such integrated solutions, when they need it. We believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients by providing, among other things, new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. The global payments landscape continues to evolve, with rapidly advancing technologies and a steady expansion of digital payments, e-commerce, and real-time payments infrastructure. To meet these expectations, payments companies are focused on modernizing their technology, expanding the use of data, and enhancing the customer experience. The rapid growth in and globalization of mobile and e-commerce has created an opportunity for merchants to reach consumers nearly anywhere, through any device, which often requires a merchant acquiring provider to enable and optimize the acceptance of payments. Merchants are demanding simpler, integrated, and flexible systems to enable them to serve customers and help manage cash flow and everyday business operations. We believe that our merchant acquiring products and solutions create compelling value propositions for merchant clients of all sizes, from small and mid-sized businesses to medium-sized regional businesses to global enterprise merchants. The depth and breadth of our omnichannel solutions, and flexibility to serve clients across various channels and geographies, drives higher product attach rates with new and existing clients across all verticals. We have invested in integrating our platforms and value-added solutions to make it easy for a client to buy across our full product suite. We expect that financial institutions and other financial technology providers will continue to invest significant capital to process transactions, manage information, maintain regulatory compliance, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment.