The continuing evolution of the online world has contributed to the growth of our business and our revenues since inception. We expect that this evolution will continue to benefit our business and our revenues, although at a slower pace than we have experienced historically. We are focused on expanding our products and services to stay in front of these trends in order to maintain and grow our business. We continue to make significant research and development investments in areas of strategic focus as we seek to develop new, innovative offerings, improve our existing offerings, and rapidly and responsibly deploy AI across our businesses. We expect to increase our investment in our technical infrastructure, including servers, network equipment, and data centers, to support the growth of our business and our long-term initiatives, particularly in support of AI products and services. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets, such as India. We continue to invest heavily and develop localized versions of our products and advertising programs relevant to our users in these markets. This has led to a trend of increased revenues from emerging markets. We expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs. We continue to face an evolving regulatory environment, and we are subject to claims, lawsuits, investigations, and other forms of potential legal liability, which could affect our business practices and financial results. As we continue to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures. The revenues that we derive beyond advertising are increasing and may adversely affect our margins. The margins on these revenues vary significantly and are generally lower than the margins on our advertising revenues. We expect these trends to continue to affect our revenues and put pressure on our margins. As interactions between users and advertisers change, and as online user behavior evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings to serve these changing needs, which may affect our monetization. We also expect to continue to incorporate AI innovations into our products, such as AI in search, that could affect our monetization trends. Our capital investments in property and equipment consist primarily of technical infrastructure, which consists of our investments in servers and network equipment for computing, storage, and networking requirements for ongoing business activities, including AI. We expect to increase, relative to 2023, our investment in our technical infrastructure, including servers, network equipment, and data centers, to support the growth of our business and our long-term initiatives, particularly in support of AI products and services. We regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace, and form of capital return to stockholders, ensuring that we are effectively deploying our resources to support our strategic objectives and operational capabilities.