Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. As we offer more online services, the ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We operate in industries that are experiencing an increasing amount of fraudulent activities by malicious third parties. We implement additional security measures, and we continue to work with state and federal governments to implement industry-wide security and anti-fraud measures, including sharing information regarding suspicious activity. We received ISO 27001 certification for a portion of our systems, and we continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud. Our total service and other revenue was $12.4 billion, or 86% of our total revenue in fiscal 2023, and we expect our total service and other revenue to continue to grow in the future. The most important financial indicators that we use to assess our business are revenue growth for the company as a whole and for each reportable segment; operating income growth for the company as a whole; earnings per share; and cash flow from operations. We also track certain non-financial drivers of revenue growth and, when material, identify them in the applicable discussions of segment results. Our future growth also increasingly depends on the strength of our third-party business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, maintain, and strengthen new and existing relationships. Much of our future success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain, and develop highly skilled employees in a highly competitive talent environment. The timing of the annual test may result in charges to our consolidated statements of operations that could not have been reasonably foreseen in prior periods. We evaluate cash flows at the reporting unit level. Although the assumptions we use in our discounted cash flow model are consistent with the assumptions we use to generate our internal strategic plans and forecasts, significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows from each reporting unit and the relative risk of achieving those cash flows. We also make judgments when adjusting market multiples of revenue, operating income, and earnings for these companies to reflect their relative similarity to our own businesses. We estimate the recoverability of acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets that have finite useful lives by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the future undiscounted cash flows that we expect the asset to generate. In order to estimate the fair value of those assets, we estimate the present value of future cash flows from those assets. The key assumptions that we use in our discounted cash flow model are the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows to be generated by the asset over an extended period of time and a rate of return that considers the relative risk of achieving the cash flows and the time value of money. Significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows and the relative risk of achieving those cash flows.