As of December 31, 2023, our technology and development expenses consist primarily of payroll, stock-based compensation, facilities, and other related expenses for technology personnel responsible for making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining, and modifying our user interface, our recommendations, merchandising, and infrastructure. We have built our own global content delivery network ("open connect") to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Delivery expenses, therefore, include equipment costs related to open connect, payroll and related personnel expenses, and all third-party costs, such as cloud computing costs, associated with delivering content over the internet. The increase in operating income for the year ended December 31, 2023, was primarily due to revenues growing at a faster rate compared to the growth in cost of revenues and marketing and decreased technology and development expenses. We expect to continue to significantly invest in global content, particularly in original content, which will impact our liquidity. Our ability to obtain financing for potential strategic acquisitions and investments will depend on our development efforts, business plans, operating performance, and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. The contractual obligations table includes amounts related to the acquisition, licensing, and production of content, which are significant and may include approximately $1 billion to $4 billion over the next three years. Our business model is subscription-based, and we recognize content assets (licensed and produced) as "content assets, net" on the consolidated balance sheets. The amortization of content assets is based on factors including historical and estimated viewing patterns, and we expect more upfront viewing, leading to accelerated amortization. We recognize a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of our reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Our estimates related to these factors require considerable management judgment, and actual results may differ from these estimates. The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities. Our technology capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. Our IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. The increase in marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023, was primarily due to an increase in advertising expenses and personnel-related costs. We anticipate that cash flows from operations, available funds, and access to financing sources will continue to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for the next twelve months and beyond.