Servicenow was founded on a simple premise: to make work flow better. Our intelligent platform, the Now Platform, is a cloud-based solution with embedded artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities that helps global enterprises across industries, universities, and governments unify and digitize their workflows. The Now Platform automates workflows across an entire enterprise by connecting disparate departments, systems, and silos in a seamless way to unlock productivity and improve experiences for both employees and customers. The transformation to digital operations, enabled by the Now Platform, increases our customers' resiliency and security and delivers great experiences and additional value to their C-suite, employees, and consumers. Subscription revenues are primarily comprised of fees that give customers access to the ordered subscription service for both self-hosted offerings and cloud-based subscription offerings, and related standard and enhanced support and updates, if any, to the subscription service during the subscription term. Our contracts with customers typically include a fixed amount of consideration and are generally non-cancellable and without any refund-type provisions. We derive our revenues predominantly from subscription revenues, which are primarily comprised of subscription fees that give customers access to the ordered subscription service, related support, and updates during the subscription term. We recognize subscription revenues ratably over the contract term beginning on the commencement date of each contract, the date we make our services available to our customers. Our workflow applications built on the Now Platform are organized along four primary areas: technology, customer and industry, employee, and creator. We expect subscription revenues for the year ending December 31, 2024, to increase in absolute dollars and remain relatively flat as a percentage of revenue as we continue to add new customers and existing customers increase their usage of our products. Our expectations for revenues, cost of revenues, and operating expenses for the year ending December 31, 2024, are based on the 31-day average of foreign exchange rates for December 31, 2023. We have historically experienced seasonality in terms of when we enter into customer agreements. We sign a significantly higher percentage of agreements with new customers, as well as expansion with existing customers, in the fourth quarter of each year. The increase in customer agreements for the fourth quarter is primarily a result of large enterprise account buying patterns typical in the software industry, which are driven primarily by the expiration of annual authorized budgeted expenditures. Our capital expenditures are typically under cancellable arrangements primarily used to support the installed base and growth of our hosted business. We have also issued long-term debt to finance our business. Our free cash flows, together with our other sources of liquidity, are available to service our liabilities as well as our cancellable and non-cancellable arrangements. We anticipate cash flows generated from operations, cash, cash equivalents, and investments will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for at least the next 12 months. We will continue to monitor the direct and indirect impact of macroeconomic events on our business and financial results. We have policy restrictions on the types of securities that can be purchased as part of our available-for-sale debt securities portfolio. We believe that our exposure to loss is immaterial. We will continue to monitor the unfolding events of the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the current armed conflict in Israel and the Gaza Strip.