We empower enterprises, organizations, service providers, and government entities to protect themselves against today's most sophisticated cyber threats. Our cybersecurity platforms and services help secure enterprise users, networks, clouds, and endpoints by delivering comprehensive cybersecurity backed by industry-leading artificial intelligence and automation. We believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products are essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. We continue to invest in innovation as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our portfolio. Our growth reflects the increased adoption of our portfolio, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support. We believe our portfolio will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues and new revenues as we continue to grow our end-customer base. We maintain a field sales force that works closely with our channel partners in developing sales opportunities. Our product revenue grew to $1.6 billion or 22.9% of total revenue for fiscal 2023, representing year-over-year growth of 15.8%. Our subscription and support revenue grew to $5.3 billion or 77.1% of total revenue for fiscal 2023, representing year-over-year growth of 28.4%. Our subscriptions provide our end-customers with near real-time access to the latest antivirus, intrusion prevention, web filtering, modern malware prevention, data loss prevention, and cloud access security broker capabilities across the network, endpoints, and the cloud. We expect our cost of subscription and support revenue to increase as our installed end-customer base grows and adoption of our cloud-based subscription offerings increases. We expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our future products and services. Our operating activities have consisted of net income (losses) adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. Our largest source of cash provided by our operations is receipts from our billings. Cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2023 was $2.8 billion, an increase of $792.8 million compared to fiscal 2022. The increase was primarily due to growth of our business as reflected by increases in collections during fiscal 2023, partially offset by higher cash expenditure to support our business growth. We expect our gross margins to vary over time depending on factors including the introduction of new products, manufacturing costs, and the mix of revenue between product and subscription and support offerings. Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. We expect operating expenses generally to increase in absolute dollars and decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. We believe that our cash flow from operations with existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, and the introduction of new and enhanced products and subscription and support offerings. We are monitoring the tensions between China and Taiwan, and between the U.S. and China, which could have an adverse impact on our business or results of operations in future periods.