Our discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition and is provided as an addition to, and should be read in connection with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. To meet the challenges of today - and those of tomorrow - we are driven by an approach called pep+ (pepsico positive). Pep+ is a strategic end-to-end transformation of our business, with sustainability at the center of how the company will strive to create growth and value, while inspiring positive change for the planet and people. Technology is also a key enabler. We have continued developing new solutions, such as fertilizer produced from green hydrogen through a partnership with Fertiberia in Spain, aiming to reduce emissions by 15% in potato crops. Through innovations such as Agroscout, which combines artificial intelligence and drone technology, we are able to identify crop diseases more efficiently, reducing pesticide use and improving crop yields. Our industry continues to be affected by disruption of the retail landscape, including the continued growth in sales through e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications, including through subscription services, the integration of physical and digital operations among retailers and the international expansion of hard discounters. We continue to monitor changes in the retail landscape and seek to identify actions we may take to build our global e-commerce and digital capabilities, such as expanding our direct-to-consumer business, and distribute our products effectively through all existing and emerging channels of trade and potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. The achievement of our strategic and operating objectives involves risks, many of which evolve over time. To identify, assess, prioritize, address, manage, monitor and communicate these risks across the company's operations and foster a corporate culture of integrity and risk awareness, we leverage an integrated risk management framework. The board receives periodic updates from external experts and advisers on global macroeconomic trends and conditions that may impact the company's strategy and financial performance, including geopolitical conflicts, economic instability, labor market trends, changing consumer behavior, retail disruption and digitalization. We continue to monitor the economic, operating and political environment in these markets closely, including risks of additional impairments or write-offs, and to identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. We are subject to risks in the normal course of business that are inherent to international operations. The ongoing conflict in Ukraine has continued to result in worldwide geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty and has impacted our operations in Ukraine and Russia. We have suspended sales to our customers of Pepsi-Cola and certain of our other global beverage brands, our discretionary capital investments and advertising and promotional activities in Russia, which has negatively impacted and could continue to negatively impact our business. We cannot predict how and the extent to which the conflict will continue to affect our employees, customers, operations or business partners or impact our ability to achieve certain of our sustainability goals. We also regularly evaluate productivity initiatives beyond the productivity plan and other initiatives discussed above and in note 3 to our consolidated financial statements. Our risk management office, which manages the overall risk management process, provides ongoing guidance, tools and analytical support to the PRC and the division and key country risk committees, identifies and assesses potential risks and facilitates ongoing communication between the parties, as well as with PepsiCo's board, the audit committee of the board and other committees of the board.