Our financial condition for 2021, results of operations for 2021, and 2022 compared to 2021 and details on the acquisition of Duke Realty Corporation and Duke Realty Limited Partnership is referenced throughout this document. We believe we are well positioned to organically grow revenues over the long-term given the cumulative growth in market rents over the last several years and our existing high lease mark-to-market. Our financing activities during the year included amending and restating our global senior credit facility, increasing its borrowing capacity and extending the initial maturity date. We evaluate our business operations based on the NOI of our two operating segments: real estate and strategic capital. NOI by segment is a non-GAAP performance measure that helps management and investors understand our operating results. Our operating results were strong in 2023, with market rents continuing to grow in most global logistics markets, which, along with our existing lease mark-to-market, drove significant rent change on rollover and same-store growth in our O&M portfolio. The change in real estate segment NOI in 2023 compared to 2022 of approximately $1.5 billion was impacted by acquisition activity, principally due to the Duke transaction and a $3.1 billion real estate portfolio acquired in the U.S. on June 29, 2023. We calculate changes in NOI from development completions period over period by comparing the change in NOI generated on the pool of developments that completed on or after January 1, 2022, through December 31, 2023. Our consolidated development portfolio, including properties under development and pre-stabilized properties, was expected to be completed before July 2026 with a TEI of $7.8 billion. We plan to continue allocating capital to renovate and improve our operating portfolio, including the addition of sustainable and efficient building features. Our strategic capital segment includes revenues from asset management and property management services performed, transactional services for acquisition, disposition, and leasing activity. Revenues associated with the strategic capital segment fluctuate due to changes in the size of the portfolios through acquisitions and dispositions, the fair value of the properties, and other transactional activity. Our total available liquidity of $6.0 billion includes borrowing capacity on our credit facilities and unrestricted cash balances. We consider our ability to generate cash from operating activities, distributions from our co-investment ventures, contributions and dispositions of properties, and available financing sources to be adequate to meet our anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend, and distribution requirements. We expect to fund our cash needs principally from net cash flow from property operations, fees earned for services performed on behalf of co-investment ventures, and proceeds from the contribution of properties to current or future co-investment ventures. Our investment in the development portfolio was $4.4 billion at December 31, 2023, leaving $3.4 billion remaining to be spent. We manage our business and review our operating fundamentals on an O&M basis, which includes our consolidated properties and properties owned by our unconsolidated co-investment ventures. We believe reviewing the results in this way allows management to understand performance more broadly as we manage the properties without regard to their ownership. Our owned and managed operating portfolio does not include our development portfolio, value-added properties, or properties that we consider non-strategic. We evaluate the performance of the operating properties we own and manage using a "same store" analysis to ensure consistency from period to period, allowing us and investors to analyze our ongoing business operations.