In fiscal 2022, we announced our reinvention plan in the U.S. market to increase efficiency while elevating the partner and customer experience. We believe the investments in partner wages and training have increased retention and in-store operational efficiencies while the acceleration of purpose-built store concepts and innovations in technologies have provided additional convenience and connection with our customers. Other operating expenses increased primarily due to higher strategic investments in technology and other initiatives and support costs for our growing licensed markets. General and administrative expenses increased primarily due to incremental investments in technology, increased support costs of strategic initiatives including the reinvention plan, and higher performance-based compensation. We expect to continue our trend of global new store growth, driven by a dynamic portfolio of store formats in the U.S. and leveraging the strength of our brand internationally. We anticipate continued benefits from increased sales leverage and pricing decisions as well as in-store operational efficiencies driven by our reinvention plan. Our financial results and long-term growth model will continue to be driven by new store openings, comparable store sales, and margin management. The combination of these changes resulted in an overall increase in operating margin, primarily due to pricing, in-store operational efficiencies, and sales leverage. We have seen the strength and resilience of our brand as well as strong customer demand across our portfolio, with revenue and operating margin growth. Our ability to incur new liens and conduct sale and leaseback transactions on certain material properties is subject to compliance with terms of the indentures under which the long-term notes were issued. We believe that net future cash flows generated from operations and existing cash and investments both domestically and internationally, combined with our ability to leverage our balance sheet through the issuance of debt, will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses as well as shareholder distributions for at least the next 12 months. We may also seek strategic acquisitions to leverage existing capabilities and further build our business. We are currently not aware of any trends or demands, commitments, events, or uncertainties that will result in, or that are reasonably likely to result in, our liquidity increasing or decreasing in any material way that will impact our capital needs during or beyond the next 12 months. We expect to use our available cash and investments to support and invest in our core businesses, including investing in new ways to serve our customers and supporting our store partners. Our investment portfolio primarily includes highly liquid available-for-sale securities, including corporate debt securities, government treasury securities, and commercial paper. We actively manage our cash and investments in order to internally fund operating needs, make scheduled interest and principal payments on our borrowings, fund acquisitions, and return cash to shareholders through common stock cash dividend payments and share repurchases. We have seen the strength and resilience of our brand as well as strong customer demand across our portfolio, with revenue and operating margin growth in fiscal 2023. The increase in operating margin was primarily due to pricing, sales leverage, and in-store operational efficiencies. Our investments in technology and strategic initiatives have been essential in supporting our operational flexibility and enhancing our business processes to meet evolving market demands.