The company continues to execute its proven growth strategy which consists of three pillars: high-impact innovation, trusted partner status with customers, and unparalleled commercial engine. The company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, research and development projects, and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience. The company's references throughout this discussion to productivity improvements generally refer to improved cost efficiencies from its practical process improvement business system, including reduced costs resulting from implementing continuous improvement methodologies, global sourcing initiatives, a lower cost structure following restructuring actions, and low-cost region manufacturing. The acquisition of the Binding Site Group and Corevitas, LLC expands the segment's portfolio with pioneering innovation in diagnostics and monitoring, enhancing decision-making and the time and cost of drug development. The company has played a meaningful role in the production of COVID-19 vaccines and therapies, and its clinical research business has continued to support clinical trials for COVID-19 vaccines and therapies. The company has also invested in high-impact innovation with great customer adoption and strong demand globally, particularly in the analytical instruments and laboratory products segments. The diagnostics and healthcare market has seen a decline due to decreased demand for COVID-19 testing products. The company estimates that restructuring actions resulting in charges will realize annual cost savings primarily due to reduced employee expenses. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations, together with available borrowing capacity, will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future. The company uses certain non-GAAP financial measures such as organic revenue growth to understand short-term and long-term financial trends, which may include the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation on revenues. The company also reports adjusted operating income and free cash flow to provide a view of the continuing operations' ability to generate cash for use in acquisitions and other investing and financing activities. The company’s management evaluates segment operating performance using operating income before certain charges/credits, indicating a focus on operational efficiency and strategic resource allocation. The company’s ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with other resources and capabilities is critical in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, and management skills to further organizational goals. The company’s investments in technology management and infrastructure capability are essential for enhancing operational flexibility and achieving business value.