The merger-related costs associated with the merger and acquisitions of affiliates generally include integration costs to achieve efficiencies in network, retail, information technology and back office operations, migrate customers to the T-Mobile network and billing systems. Our integration and decommissioning initiatives also included the acceleration or termination of certain of our operating and financing leases for cell sites, switch sites and network equipment. We expect to incur all of the remaining restructuring and integration costs associated with the merger by the first half of 2024, with the cash expenditure for the merger-related costs extending beyond 2024. To allow for the realization of these synergies associated with network integration, we retired certain legacy networks, including the legacy Sprint CDMA network and the legacy Sprint LTE network. The major activities associated with the restructuring initiatives included contract termination costs associated with rationalization of retail stores, distribution channels, duplicative network and backhaul services and other agreements, severance costs associated with the reduction of redundant processes and functions, and the decommissioning of certain small cell sites and distributed antenna systems to achieve merger synergies in network costs. We implemented an initiative to reduce the size of our workforce by approximately 5,000 positions, primarily in corporate and back-office functions and some technology roles. Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses, the construction, expansion and upgrading of our network infrastructure and the integration of the networks, spectrum, technology, personnel and customer base of T-Mobile and Sprint. We expect a reduction in capital expenditures related to these efforts in 2024 compared to 2023. Future capital expenditure requirements will include the deployment of our recently acquired C-band and 3.45 GHz spectrum licenses. Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations, proceeds from issuance of debt, financing leases, and the sale of certain receivables. We regularly review and update our projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, the competitive landscape and other factors. We have incurred, and will incur, substantial expenses to comply with the government commitments, and we also expect to incur all of the remaining restructuring and integration costs associated with the merger by the first half of 2024. We continue to monitor the impact of macroeconomic trends on our business, including potential economic recession and changes in the federal reserve's monetary policy. We expect total operating expenses to increase, primarily driven by higher depreciation and amortization from assets placed into service associated with the accelerated build-out of our nationwide 5G network and the acceleration of certain technology assets as we continue to modernize our network and technology systems and platforms. We continue to monitor these potential impacts, including potential economic recession, changes in the federal reserve's monetary policy, as well as geopolitical risks. The integration of our network and spectrum licenses, including acquired Sprint PCS and 2.5 GHz spectrum licenses, is critical as we build out our nationwide 5G network. The acquisition of Ka'ena Corporation is expected to enhance our operational capabilities and customer relationships, leveraging our existing technology infrastructure.