The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-K. We are currently focused on increasing vehicle production, capacity and delivery capabilities, reducing costs, improving and developing our vehicles and battery technologies, vertically integrating and localizing our supply chain, improving and further deploying our FSD capabilities, increasing the affordability and efficiency of our vehicles, bringing new products to market and expanding our global infrastructure, including our service and charging infrastructure. Our cost reduction efforts, cost innovation strategies, and additional localized procurement and manufacturing are key to our vehicles' affordability and have allowed us to competitively price our vehicles. We will also continue to generate demand and brand awareness by improving our vehicles' performance and functionality, including through products based on artificial intelligence such as autopilot, FSD capability, and other software features. We must work constantly to similarly increase vehicle delivery capability so that it does not become a bottleneck on our total deliveries. We also remain focused on continued enhancements of the capability and efficiency of our servicing operations. Our capital expenditures are typically difficult to project beyond the short-term given the number and breadth of our core projects at any given time, and may further be impacted by uncertainties in future global market conditions. We are simultaneously ramping new products, building or ramping manufacturing facilities on three continents, piloting the development and manufacture of new battery cell technologies, expanding our supercharger network and investing in autonomy and other artificial intelligence-enabled training and products. We will continue investing in a number of capital-intensive projects and research and development in upcoming periods. Our business has been consistently generating cash flow from operations in excess of our level of capital spend, and with better working capital management resulting in shorter days sales outstanding than days payable outstanding, our sales growth is also generally facilitating positive cash generation. We have and will continue to utilize such cash flows, among other things, to do more vertical integration, expand our product roadmap and provide financing options to our customers. We expect our ability to be self-funding to continue as long as macroeconomic factors support current trends in our sales. Our sources to fund our material cash requirements are predominantly from our deliveries and servicing of new and used vehicles, sales and installations of our energy storage products and solar energy systems, proceeds from debt facilities and proceeds from equity offerings, when applicable. We continue adapting our strategy to meet our liquidity and risk objectives, such as investing in U.S. government securities and other investments, to do more vertical integration, expand our product roadmap and provide financing options to our customers. We are focused on growing our manufacturing capacity, which includes capacity for manufacturing new vehicle models such as our Cybertruck and next generation platform, and ramping all of our production vehicles to their installed production capacities as well as increasing production rate and efficiency at our current factories. We will continue to adjust accordingly to such developments, and we believe our ongoing cost reduction, including improved production innovation and efficiency at our newest factories and lower logistics costs, will continue to benefit us in relation to our competitors, while our new products will help enable future growth.