The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality and patient experience, improve the health of populations and reduce costs. We are working to accelerate this vision through the innovation and integration of our care delivery models including in-clinic, in-home, behavioral and virtual care, and by using our data and analytics to provide clinicians with the necessary information in order to provide the best possible care in the most cost-efficient setting. This trend is creating needs for health management services which can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our Optum business platform. A key focus of our future growth is to accelerate the transition from fee-for-service care delivery and payment models to fully accountable value-based care. This transition requires initial costs such as system enhancements, integrated care coordination technology, physician training and clinical engagement. Enhanced clinical engagement is a critical step to improving the health outcomes of the people we serve and should result in lower costs to the overall health system over time. Our businesses participate in the United States and certain other international health markets. We expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future, due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population and national interest in health and well-being. We frequently evaluate and adjust our approach in each of the local markets we serve, considering relevant factors, such as product positioning, price competitiveness and environmental, competitive, legislative and regulatory considerations. We continue seeking to balance growth and profitability across all these dimensions. The commercial risk market remains highly competitive in the small group, large group and individual segments. We expect broad-based competition to continue as the industry adapts to individual and employer needs. Our medical cost trends primarily relate to changes in unit costs; care activity; and prescription drug costs. We endeavor to mitigate those increases by engaging physicians and consumers with information and helping them make clinically sound choices, with the objective of helping them achieve high-quality, affordable care. We continue to advocate for actuarially sound rates commensurate with our medical cost trends and we remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs. Our regulated subsidiaries generate significant cash flows from operations and are subject to, among other things, minimum levels of statutory capital, as defined by their respective jurisdictions, and restrictions on the timing and amount of dividends paid to their parent companies. Our total anticipated capital required for acquisitions in the health care sector is approximately $6 billion. We continually evaluate opportunities to expand our operations, which include internal development of new products, programs and technology applications and may include acquisitions. The results by segment were as follows: Optum Health revenues increased primarily due to organic growth in patients served under value-based care arrangements and business combinations. Optum Insight revenues and earnings from operations increased due to growth in business services as a result of business combinations and growth in technology services. Optum Rx revenues and earnings from operations increased due to growth in pharmacy offerings and higher script volumes from both new clients and growth in existing clients.