The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable operating segment. We continued to refine our proprietary software called precision train builder to evaluate train and route characteristics to enable proactive intervention by our operating practices command center to prevent derailments. This software allows the team to simulate in-train forces to avoid train handling that would generate forces greater than tolerance limits. In addition, the industry is expanding efforts in first responder training and deploying technology to provide real-time railcar condition monitoring. We plan to utilize data to identify and mitigate exposure to risk, detect rail defects, improve or close crossings, and educate the public and law enforcement agencies about crossing safety through a combination of our own programs, industry programs, and local community activities across the network. Our goal is to be an industry leader in safety, and we will continue using a comprehensive safety management approach utilizing technology, hazard identification and risk assessments, employee engagement, training, quality control, and targeted capital investments. We will continue to transform our railroad to further improve our service product, improve resource utilization, and lower our overall cost structure. We expect our capital plan to be approximately $3.4 billion, down 8% from 2023. We plan to continue to make investments to support our growth strategy, harden our infrastructure, replace older assets, and improve the safety and resiliency of the network. In addition, the plan includes investments in growth-related projects to drive more carloads to the network, certain ramps to efficiently handle volumes from new and existing intermodal customers, continued modernization of our locomotive fleet, and projects intended to improve operational efficiency. Our operating ratio of 62.3% deteriorated 2.2 points compared to 2022 driven by inflation, excess network costs, the ratification charge for a crew staffing agreement reached in the second quarter of 2023, increased casualty costs, and other cost increases, partially offset by core pricing gains. We generate strong cash from operations and also maintain adequate resources, including our credit facility and, when necessary, access the capital markets to meet foreseeable cash requirements. Our access to liquidity through the capital markets is also dependent on our financial stability. We expect that we will continue to have access to liquidity through any or all the following sources or activities: increasing the utilization of our receivables facility, issuing commercial paper, entering into bank loans, or issuing bonds or other debt securities to public or private investors based on our assessment of the current condition of the credit markets. We believe free cash flow is important to management and investors in evaluating our financial performance and measures our ability to generate cash without additional external financing. We are continually evaluating our financial condition and liquidity and analyze a wide range of economic scenarios and the impact on our ability to generate cash. We continue to refine our approach to understand climate-related risks and are taking an iterative approach in our business planning processes as risk factors, solutions, and technology develop. We are exploring and testing low- and zero-emissions propulsion technologies, which are aligned with our safety, service, and operational excellence strategy.