We continue to enhance customer engagement through combining our network with digital capabilities and to invest in the most attractive parts of the market, including healthcare, Asia trade lanes, and small- and medium-sized businesses. These initiatives, together with continued growth in our digital access program and deployment of our smart package smart facility technology within U.S. small package operations, are intended to allow us to reach new markets and customers, and better serve our current customer base. Our ongoing productivity initiatives and reductions in operating costs are also aimed at enhancing operational efficiency. We are taking action intended to right-size our business for the future and focus on key enablers of growth, including exploring strategic alternatives for our truckload brokerage business and reducing headcount through our "fit to serve" initiative to create a more efficient operating model and enhance responsiveness to changing market dynamics. We expect volume and revenue growth to increase in the second half of the year as global economic conditions improve gradually. We anticipate moderate revenue per piece growth in 2024 as we continue to execute on pricing initiatives within our strategy. Our investment program anticipates investments in technology initiatives and enhanced network capabilities, including over $1.0 billion of projects to support our environmental sustainability goals in 2024. We expect our capital expenditures will be approximately $4.5 billion in 2024, of which approximately 50 percent will be allocated to network enhancement projects and other technology initiatives. Our acquisitions of technology-focused companies like Happy Returns and MNX Global Logistics reflect our commitment to integrating innovative solutions into our operations. We expect to incur higher depreciation and amortization expense in 2024 as a result of our recent acquisitions and our continuing investments in network enhancement projects and other technology initiatives. The impact of acquiring MNX Global Logistics during the fourth quarter of 2023 was largely offset by declines in our distribution and post-sales operations. We anticipate continued growth in our digital businesses during 2024 as we continue to execute on our strategy. Our strategic resource allocation is focused on enhancing our technology infrastructure and capabilities to support operational flexibility and improve market responsiveness. We believe that these investments will enhance our competitive positioning and overall firm performance. The ongoing transformation strategy is designed to leverage IT capabilities to better align with our business needs and enhance our operational effectiveness. We continue to monitor our reporting units and may be required to perform additional interim tests in future periods as facts and circumstances evolve, ensuring that our IT governance frameworks remain robust and responsive to the dynamic business environment. We are committed to optimizing our capital structure, including through issuances of debt to refinance existing debt and to fund operations, while maintaining a disciplined approach to capital allocation. Our focus on digital transformation and IT deployment is integral to our strategy of enhancing customer value and improving business performance across our operations.