item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following commentary should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. the discussion and analysis of our financial condition as of december 31, 2020 and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, included in item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, can be found in our current report on form 8-k filed with the sec on april 29, 2021 (2020 annual report), which revised and superseded the management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations section of the annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020.
executive overview description of the company and business segments we manage our global operations based on four segments, consisting of the following geographic segments related to our legacy baxter business: americas, emea and apac, and a new global segment for our recently acquired hillrom business. the americas, emea and apac segments provide a broad portfolio of essential healthcare products, including acute and chronic dialysis therapies; sterile iv solutions; infusion systems and devices; parenteral nutrition therapies; inhaled anesthetics; generic injectable pharmaceuticals; and surgical hemostat and sealant products. these products are used by hospitals, kidney dialysis centers, nursing homes, rehabilitation centers, doctors' offices and patients at home under physician supervision. the hillrom segment provides digital and connected care solutions and collaboration tools, including smart bed systems, patient monitoring and diagnostic technologies, respiratory health devices and advanced equipment for the surgical space. our global footprint and the critical nature of our products and services play a key role in expanding access to healthcare in emerging and developed countries. we expect to continue to evaluate our business structure as we integrate hillrom and any changes as a result of that evaluation could impact the composition of our reportable segments in the future.
for financial information about our segments, see note 17 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
recent business combinations and asset acquisitions hillrom on december 13, 2021, we completed the previously announced acquisition of all outstanding equity interests of hillrom for a purchase price of $10.5 billion. including the assumption of hillrom's outstanding debt obligations, the enterprise value of the transaction was approximately $12.8 billion. under the terms of the transaction agreement, hillrom shareholders received $156.00 in cash per each outstanding hillrom common share.
prior to our acquisition of hillrom, hillrom was a global medical technology leader whose products and services help enable earlier diagnosis and treatment, optimize surgical efficiency, and accelerate patient recovery while simplifying clinical communication and shifting care closer to home. hillrom made those outcomes possible through digital and connected care solutions and collaboration tools, including smart bed systems, patient monitoring and diagnostic technologies, respiratory health devices, advanced equipment for the surgical space and more, delivering actionable, real-time insights at the point of care. refer to note 2 and note 5 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information on the hillrom acquisition and related financing arrangements.
perclot on july 29, 2021, we acquired certain assets related to perclot polysaccharide hemostatic system (perclot), including distribution rights for the u.s. and specified territories outside of the u.s., from cryolife, inc. for an upfront purchase price of $25 million and the potential for additional cash consideration of up to $36 million, which had an acquisition-date fair value of $28 million, based upon regulatory and commercial milestones. perclot is an absorbable powder hemostat indicated for use in surgical procedures, including cardiac, vascular, orthopedic, spinal, neurological, gynecological, ent and trauma surgery as an adjunct hemostat when control of bleeding from capillary, venous, or arteriolar vessels by pressure, ligature, and other conventional means is either ineffective or impractical. refer to note 2 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding the acquisition of perclot.
transderm scop on march 31, 2021, we acquired the rights to transderm scop (tds) for the u.s. and specified territories outside of the u.s. from subsidiaries of glaxosmithkline for an upfront purchase price of $60 million including the cost of acquired inventory and the potential for additional cash consideration of $30 million, which had an acquisition-date fair value of $24 million, based upon regulatory approval of a new contract manufacturer by a specified date. we previously sold this product under a distribution license to the u.s. institutional market. tds is indicated for post-operative nausea and vomiting in the u.s. and motion sickness in european markets. refer to note 2 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding the acquisition of tds.
caelyx and doxil on february 17, 2021, we acquired the rights to caelyx and doxil, the branded versions of liposomal doxorubicin, from a subsidiary of johnson & johnson for specified territories outside of the u.s for approximately $325 million in cash. we previously acquired the u.s. rights to this product in 2019. liposomal doxorubicin is a chemotherapy medicine used to treat various types of cancer. refer to note 2 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding the acquisition of caelyx and doxil.
seprafilm adhesion barrier in february 2020, we completed the acquisition of the product rights to seprafilm adhesion barrier (seprafilm) from sanofi for approximately $342 million in cash. seprafilm is indicated for use in patients undergoing abdominal or pelvic laparotomy as an adjunct intended to reduce the incidence, extent and severity of postoperative adhesions between the abdominal wall and the underlying viscera such as omentum, small bowel, bladder, and stomach, and between the uterus and surrounding structures such as tubes and ovaries, large bowel, and bladder. refer to note 2 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding the acquisition of seprafilm.
financial results our global net sales totaled $12.8 billion in 2021, an increase of 10% over 2020 on a reported and 7% on a constant currency basis. international sales totaled $7.6 billion in 2021, an increase of 12% compared to 2020 on a reported basis and 8% on a constant currency basis. sales in the united states totaled $5.2 billion in 2021, an increase of 6% compared to 2020. refer to the net sales discussion in the results of operations section below for more information related to changes in net sales on a constant currency basis.
net income attributable to baxter stockholders totaled $1.3 billion, or $2.53 per diluted share, in 2021. net income in 2021 included special items which resulted in a net decrease to net income of $552 million, or $1.08 per diluted share. our special items are discussed in the results of operations section below.
our financial results included r&d expenses totaling $534 million in 2021, which reflects our focus on balancing investments to support our new product pipeline with efforts to optimize overall r&d spending.
our financial position remains strong, with operating cash flows from continuing operations totaling $2.2 billion in 2021. we have continued to execute on our disciplined capital allocation framework, which is designed to optimize stockholder value creation through reinvestment in our businesses, dividends and share repurchases, as well as acquisitions and other business development initiatives as discussed in the strategic objectives section below.
capital expenditures totaled $743 million in 2021 as we continue to invest across our businesses to support future growth, including additional investments in support of new and existing product capacity expansions. our investments in capital expenditures in 2021 were focused on projects that improve production efficiency and enhance manufacturing capabilities to support our business growth.
we also continued to return value to our stockholders in the form of dividends. during 2021, we paid cash dividends to our stockholders totaling $530 million. additionally, in 2021 we repurchased 7.3 million shares through cash repurchases pursuant to rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans. for information on our share repurchase plans, see note 8 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
strategic objectives we continue to focus on several key objectives to successfully execute our long-term strategy to achieve sustainable growth and deliver enhanced stockholder value. our diversified and broad portfolio of medical products that treat life-threatening acute or chronic conditions and our global presence are core components of our strategy to achieve these objectives. we are focused on three strategic factors as part of our pursuit of industry leading performance: optimizing our core portfolio globally; operational excellence focused on streamlining our cost structure and enhancing operational efficiency; and maintaining a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation.
optimizing the core portfolio globally our global product portfolio optimization strategy identifies products that we believe to have characteristics of core growth, products that we expect to provide us with a core return on capital, products that we intend to maintain or manage differently and products that we consider to be strategic bets. for products with core growth characteristics, we look to invest for long-term, higher margin growth. for products that we expect to generate a core return on capital, we seek to optimize our return on investment and to maintain or enhance our market position. for products that we intend to maintain or manage differently, we look to sustain or reposition our underlying investment. finally, we are evaluating our market position and investment strategy for products that we consider to be strategic bets.
as part of our portfolio management strategy, we seek to optimize our position in product areas where we have a stable, profitable business model and identify and alter investments in products that have reached the end of their life cycles or for which market positions have evolved unfavorably. in the course of doing so, we expect to continue to reallocate capital to more promising opportunities or business groupings, as described above. additionally, to the extent we identify areas that do not align with our longer-term objectives, we will look to exit or divest these businesses while also continuing to identify new opportunities to enhance future performance.
as part of this strategy, we are shifting our investments to drive innovation in product areas where we have compelling opportunities to serve patients and healthcare professionals while advancing our business and we are accelerating the pace in which we bring these advances to market. we are in the midst of launching several new products, geographic expansions and line extensions including in such areas as chronic and acute renal care, smart pump technology, hospital pharmaceuticals and nutritionals, surgical sealants, and more. these comprise a mix of entirely new offerings, improvements on existing technologies, and the expansion of current products into new geographies. we are also evaluating product development opportunities that leverage the newly acquired hillrom portfolio.
operational excellence in recent years, we have undertaken a comprehensive review of all aspects of our operations and are actively implementing changes in line with our business goals. as part of our pursuit of improved margin performance, we are working to optimize our cost structure and we are critically assessing optimal support levels in light of our ongoing portfolio optimization efforts and the hillrom integration. we intend to continue to actively manage our cost structure to help ensure that we are committing resources to the highest value uses. such high value activities include supporting innovation, building out the portfolio, expanding patient access and accelerating growth for our stockholders.
maintaining disciplined and balanced capital allocation subject to market conditions and our investment grade targets, our capital allocation strategies include the following:
•reinvest in the business by funding opportunities that are positioned to deliver sustainable growth, support our innovation efforts and improve margin performance;
•return capital to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases; and
•identify and pursue accretive merger and acquisition (m&a) opportunities.
corporate responsibility at baxter driven by our mission to save and sustain lives, baxter's corporate responsibility strategy focuses on tackling the environmental, social and governance (esg) issues that affect our patients, customers, employees, communities and other stakeholders. our corporate responsibility approach supports our business priorities to achieve top quartile results relative to industry peers and other comparators across four dimensions: patient safety and quality, growth through innovation, best place to work, and industry-leading performance. advancing our corporate responsibility goals contributes to business, social and economic value, including through employee attraction and retention, enhanced operational efficiency, and implementation of enterprise risk management strategies, among others.
in 2021, we launched our 2030 cr commitment featuring ten goals for focused action, anchored by three pillars - empower our patients, protect our planet and champion our people and communities - on the foundation of principles of ethics and compliance, human rights, inclusion and diversity, and privacy and data protection. the 2030 commitment and goals highlight baxter's corporate responsibility focus and help to further advance our esg performance. our progress against these goals is published annually in our corporate responsibility report which is available on our website under "our story-corporate responsibility". the corporate responsibility report is not incorporated by reference into this annual report on form 10-k or any other document filed with the sec.
risks and uncertainties related to covid-19
our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises and epidemics/pandemics, such as the covid-19 pandemic. covid-19 has had, and we expect will continue to have, an adverse impact on our operations, supply chains and distribution systems and has increased and we expect will continue to increase our expenses, including as a result of impacts associated with preventive and precautionary measures that we, other businesses and governments have taken and continue to take. initial measures taken in 2020 led to unprecedented restrictions on, disruptions in, and other related impacts on business and personal activities, including a shift in healthcare priorities, which resulted in a significant decline in medical procedures in 2020. some of these disruptions and impacts (including the suspension or postponement of elective medical procedures) in certain of our principal markets have continued into 2021. the pandemic has created significant volatility in the demand for our products. for further discussion, refer to the product category net sales reporting section below. significant uncertainty remains regarding the duration and overall impact of the covid-19 pandemic. for example, concerns remain regarding the pace of economic recovery due to virus resurgence across the globe from the delta and omicron variants and other virus mutations as well as vaccine distribution and hesitancy. the u.s. and other governments may continue existing measures or implement new restrictions and other requirements in light of the continuing spread of the pandemic (including with respect to mandatory vaccinations for certain of our employees and moratoriums on elective procedures). due to the uncertainty caused by the pandemic, our operating performance and financial results, particularly in the short term, may be subject to volatility. we have experienced significant challenges, including lengthy delays, shortages and interruptions, posed by the pandemic and other exogenous factors (including significant weather events and disruptions to certain ports of call around the world) to our global supply chain, including the cost and availability of raw materials and component parts (including resins and electromechanical devices) and higher transportation costs, and may experience these and other challenges in future periods. we expect that these challenges as well as evolving governmental restrictions and requirements, among other factors, may continue to have an adverse effect on our business. for further discussion, refer to item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k.
risk factors our ability to sustain long-term growth and successfully execute the strategies discussed above depends in part on our ability to manage within an increasingly competitive and regulated environment and to address the other risk factors described in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k.
results of operations special items the following table provides a summary of our special items and the related impact by line item on our results for 2021 and 2020.
