item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in this annual report on form 10-k ("annual report"), the term "celanese" refers to celanese corporation, a delaware corporation, and not its subsidiaries. the terms the "company," "we," "our" and "us," refer to celanese and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. the term "celanese u.s." refers to the company's subsidiary, celanese us holdings llc, a delaware limited liability company, and not its subsidiaries.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("u.s. gaap").
investors are cautioned that the forward-looking statements contained in this section and other parts of this annual report involve both risk and uncertainty. several important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. many of these statements are macroeconomic in nature and are, therefore, beyond the control of management. see "forward-looking statements" below.
forward-looking statements management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") and other parts of this annual report contain certain forward-looking statements and information relating to us that are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, us. generally, words such as "believe," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "project," "plan," "may," "can," "could," "might," and "will," and similar expressions, as they relate to us are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these statements reflect our current views and beliefs with respect to future events at the time that the statements are made, are not historical facts or guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. further, certain forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. see "special note regarding forward-looking statements" at the beginning of this annual report for further discussion.
covid-19 update the covid-19 pandemic and the various responses thereto, including government-imposed quarantines, stay-at-home restrictions, travel restrictions and other public health and safety measures, continue to evolve. our employees' health and well-being continue to be of vital importance and we continue to monitor the pandemic in the areas where we have employees and operations. we implemented government recommended protocols and best practices related to social distancing and hygiene. we implemented careful return-to-office efforts in accordance with government regulations and recommended protocols.
after declining during 2020, consumer demand for most applications has increased and rebounded to pre-covid-19 levels in many regions of the world, which has positively impacted our results of operations. where we temporarily reduced run rates in prior quarters, our plants are now operating at more normalized levels, although, like many companies, we have experienced a tightening labor market, with increased competitiveness and higher costs for the pool of talent critical for specialty manufacturing and other operations.
due to potential impacts of covid-19 resurgences and variants, some uncertainty remains in the pandemic's future duration and scope. the extent to which resurgences or other variants of covid-19 may adversely impact demand for our products, availability and price of raw materials and the labor supply, and therefore our business, financial condition and results of operations, will depend on numerous factors, including the effectiveness of vaccines, the extent and locations of any resurgences of the virus, health and safety measures and the continuing impact of the pandemic on supply chains (including the availability and cost of transportation and materials). on september 9, 2021, the president directed the occupational safety and health administration to promulgate rules requiring large employers to mandate employee vaccinations. these rules, referred to as the emergency temporary standard ("ets") were subject to a number of legal challenges, including applications for emergency injunctions. these actions were consolidated before the united states supreme court, which issued a decision in january 2022 that stayed implementation of the ets. in the united states, the ets or similar regulations could be re-approved or re-issued in a similar or different form, and around the world we anticipate that national, state and local governments will continue to pursue regulatory or legislative action designed to curb the spread of covid-19. such efforts could impose additional costs on our operations. these factors are uncertain, rapidly changing and cannot be predicted.
the extent to which covid-19 will adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on numerous evolving factors, which are highly uncertain, rapidly changing and cannot be predicted. for further information regarding the impact covid-19 could have on our business, financial condition and results of operations, see item 1a. risk factors. for further discussion of our liquidity condition, see liquidity and capital resources in this item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
risk factors
