item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto.  we prepared our consolidated financial statements in accordance with gaap. additional sections in this report which should be helpful to the reading of our discussion and analysis include the following: (i) a description of our business strategy found in items 1 and 2 "business and properties-narrative description of business-business strategy;" (ii) a description of developments during 2021, found in items 1 and 2 "business and properties-general development of business-recent developments;" (iii) a description of risk factors affecting us and our business, found in item 1a "risk factors;" and (iv) a discussion of forward-looking statements, found in "information regarding forward-looking statements" at the beginning of this report.
a comparative discussion of our 2020 to 2019 operating results can be found in item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-results of operations" included in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020 filed with the sec on february 5, 2021.
general business segments as an energy infrastructure owner and operator in multiple facets of the various u.s. energy industries and markets, we examine a number of variables and factors on a routine basis to evaluate our current performance and our prospects for the future.  we have four business segments as further described below.
natural gas pipelines this segment owns and operates (i) major interstate and intrastate natural gas pipeline and storage systems; (ii) natural gas gathering systems and processing and treating facilities; (iii) ngl fractionation facilities and transportation systems; and (iv) lng regasification, liquefaction and storage facilities.
with respect to our interstate natural gas pipelines, related storage facilities and lng terminals, the revenues from these assets are primarily received under long-term fixed contracts.  to the extent practicable and economically feasible in light of our strategic plans and other factors, we generally attempt to mitigate risk of reduced volumes and prices by negotiating contracts with longer terms, with higher per-unit pricing and for a greater percentage of our available capacity.  these long-term contracts are typically structured with a fixed fee reserving the right to transport or store natural gas and specify that we receive the majority of our fee for making the capacity available, whether or not the customer actually chooses to utilize the capacity.  similarly, our texas intrastate natural gas pipeline operations, currently derives approximately 84% of its sales and transport margins from long-term transport and sales contracts.  as contracts expire, we have additional exposure to the longer term trends in supply and demand for natural gas.  as of december 31, 2021, the remaining weighted average contract life of our natural gas transportation contracts held by assets we own and have equity interests in (including intrastate pipelines' sales portfolio) was approximately six years. our lng regasification and liquefaction and associated storage contracts are subscribed under long-term agreements with a weighted average remaining contract life of approximately 12 years.
our midstream assets provide natural gas gathering and processing services. these assets are mostly fee-based and the revenues and earnings we realize from gathering natural gas, processing natural gas in order to remove ngl from the natural gas stream, and fractionating ngl into its base components, are affected by the volumes of natural gas made available to our systems. such volumes are impacted by producer rig count and drilling activity. in addition to fee-based arrangements, some of which may include minimum volume commitments, we also provide some services based on percent-of-proceeds, percent-
of-index and keep-whole contracts. our service contracts may rely solely on a single type of arrangement, but more often they combine elements of two or more of the above, which helps us and our counterparties manage the extent to which each shares in the potential risks and benefits of changing commodity prices.
products pipelines this segment owns and operates refined petroleum products, crude oil and condensate pipelines that primarily deliver, among other products, gasoline, diesel and jet fuel, crude oil and condensate to various markets. this segment also owns and/or operates associated product terminals and petroleum pipeline transmix facilities.
the profitability of our refined petroleum products pipeline transportation business generally is driven by the volume of refined petroleum products that we transport and the prices we receive for our services. we also have 49 liquids terminals in this business segment that store fuels and offer blending services for ethanol and biodiesel. the transportation and storage volume levels are primarily driven by the demand for the refined petroleum products being shipped or stored.  demand for refined petroleum products tends to track in large measure demographic and economic growth, and, with the exception of periods of time with very high product prices or recessionary conditions, demand tends to be relatively stable.  because of that, we seek to own refined petroleum products pipelines and terminals located in, or that transport to, stable or growing markets and population centers.  the prices for shipping are generally based on regulated tariffs that are adjusted annually based on changes in the u.s. producer price index and a ferc index rate.
our crude, condensate and refined petroleum products transportation services are primarily provided pursuant to (i) either ferc or state tariffs and (ii) long-term contracts that normally contain minimum volume commitments. as a result of these contracts, our settlement volumes are generally not sensitive to changing market conditions in the shorter term; however, the revenues and earnings we realize from our pipelines and terminals are affected by the volumes of crude oil, refined petroleum products and condensate available to our pipeline systems, which are impacted by the level of oil and gas drilling activity and product demand in the respective regions that we serve. our petroleum condensate processing facility splits condensate into its various components, such as light and heavy naphtha, under a long-term fee-based agreement with a major integrated oil company.
terminals this segment owns and operates (i) liquids and bulk terminal facilities located throughout the u.s. that store and handle various commodities including gasoline, diesel fuel, chemicals, renewable fuels, metals and petroleum coke; and (ii) jones act-qualified tankers.
the factors impacting our terminals business segment generally differ between liquid and bulk terminals, and in the case of a bulk terminal, the type of product being handled or stored.  our liquids terminals business generally has long-term contracts that require the customer to pay regardless of whether they use the capacity.  thus, similar to our natural gas pipelines business, our liquids terminals business is less sensitive to short-term changes in supply and demand.  therefore, the extent to which changes in these variables affect our terminals business in the near term is a function of the remaining length of the underlying service contracts (which on a weighted average basis is approximately three years), the extent to which revenues under the contracts are a function of the amount of product stored or transported, and the extent to which such contracts expire during any given period of time.
as with our refined petroleum products pipelines transportation business, the revenues from our bulk terminals business are generally driven by the volumes we handle and/or store, as well as the prices we receive for our services, which in turn are driven by the demand for the products being shipped or stored.  while we handle and store a large variety of products in our bulk terminals, the primary products are petroleum coke, metals and ores. in addition, the majority of our contracts for this business contain minimum volume guarantees and/or service exclusivity arrangements under which customers are required to utilize our terminals for all or a specified percentage of their handling and storage needs.  the profitability of our minimum volume contracts is generally unaffected by short-term variation in economic conditions; however, to the extent we expect volumes above the minimum and/or have contracts which are volume-based, we can be sensitive to changing market conditions.  to the extent practicable and economically feasible in light of our strategic plans and other factors, we generally attempt to mitigate the risk of reduced volumes and pricing by negotiating contracts with longer terms, with higher per-unit pricing and for a greater percentage of our available capacity.  in addition, weather-related events, including hurricanes, may impact our facilities and access to them and, thus, the profitability of certain terminals for limited periods of time or, in relatively rare cases of severe damage to facilities, for longer periods.
in addition to liquid and bulk terminals, we also own jones act-qualified tankers in our terminals business segment. as of december 31, 2021, we have 16 jones act-qualified tankers that operate in the marine transportation of crude oil, condensate and refined products in the u.s. and are primarily operating pursuant to fixed price term charters with major integrated oil companies, major refiners and the u.s. military sealift command.
co2
this segment (i) manages the production, transportation and marketing of co2 to oil fields that use co2 as a flooding medium to increase recovery and production of crude oil from mature oil fields; (ii) owns interests in and/or operates oil fields and gasoline processing plants in west texas; (iii) owns and operates a crude oil pipeline system in west texas; and (iv) owns and operates rng and lng facilities in indiana associated with our acquisition of kinetrex discussed below.
the co2 source and transportation business primarily has third-party contracts with minimum volume requirements, which as of december 31, 2021, had a remaining average contract life of approximately eight years.  co2 sales contracts vary from customer to customer and have evolved over time as supply and demand conditions have changed.  our current sales contracts have generally provided for a delivered price tied to the price of crude oil, but with a floor price.  beginning in 2022, due to the floor price associated with a significant sales contract no longer being a component of the pricing formula, only a small percentage of our sales contracts will be based on a fixed fee or floor price. our success in this portion of the co2 business segment can be impacted by the demand for co2. in the co2 business segment's oil and gas producing activities, we monitor the amount of capital we expend in relation to the amount of production that we expect to add.  the revenues we receive from our crude oil and ngl sales are affected by the prices we realize from the sale of these products.  over the long-term, we will tend to receive prices that are dictated by the demand and overall market price for these products.  in the shorter term, however, market prices are likely not indicative of the revenues we will receive due to our risk management, or hedging, program, in which the prices to be realized for certain of our future sales quantities are fixed, capped or bracketed through the use of financial derivative contracts, particularly for crude oil.  the realized weighted average crude oil price per barrel, with the hedges allocated to oil, was $52.71 per barrel in 2021 and $53.78 per barrel in 2020.  had we not used energy derivative contracts to transfer commodity price risk, our crude oil sales prices would have averaged $68.47 per barrel in 2021 and $38.32 per barrel in 2020.
also, see note 15 "revenue recognition" to our consolidated financial statements for more information about the types of contracts and revenues recognized for each of our segments.
stagecoach acquisition on july 9, 2021 and november 24, 2021, we completed the acquisitions of stagecoach gas services llc and its subsidiaries (stagecoach), a natural gas pipeline and storage joint venture between consolidated edison, inc. and crestwood equity partners, lp, for approximately $1,258 million, including purchase price adjustments for working capital. the stagecoach assets include 4 natural gas storage facilities with a total ferc-certificated working capacity of 41 bcf and a network of ferc-regulated natural gas transportation pipelines with multiple interconnects to major interstate natural gas pipelines in the northeast region of the u.s., including tgp. the acquired assets are included in our natural gas pipelines business segment.
kinetrex acquisition on august 20, 2021, we completed the acquisition of indianapolis-based kinetrex from an affiliate of parallel49 equity for $318 million, including a preliminary purchase price adjustment for working capital. kinetrex is a supplier of lng in the midwest and a producer and supplier of rng under long-term contracts to transportation service providers. kinetrex has a 50% interest in the largest rng facility in indiana and we commenced construction on three additional landfill-based rng facilities in september 2021. the acquired assets are included as part of our new energy transition ventures group within our co2 business segment.
sale of an interest in ngpl holdings llc on march 8, 2021, we and brookfield infrastructure partners l.p. (brookfield) completed the sale of a combined 25% interest in our joint venture, ngpl holdings llc (ngpl holdings), to a fund controlled by arclight capital partners, llc (arclight). we received net proceeds of $412 million for our proportionate share of the interests sold. we recognized a pre-tax gain of $206 million for our proportionate share, which is included within "other, net" in our accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended december 31, 2021. we and brookfield now each hold a 37.5% interest in ngpl holdings.
february 2021 winter storm our earnings for 2021 reflect impacts of the february 2021 winter storm that affected texas, which are largely nonrecurring. see "-segment earnings results" below.
2022 dividends and discretionary capital we expect to declare dividends of $1.11 per share for 2022, a 3% increase from the 2021 declared dividends of $1.08 per share. we also expect to invest $1.3 billion in expansion projects and contributions to joint ventures, or discretionary capital expenditures during 2022.
the expectations for 2022 discussed above involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and are not guarantees of performance. many of the factors that will determine these expectations are beyond our ability to control or predict, and because of these uncertainties, it is advisable not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statement.  please read our item 1a "risk factors" below and "information regarding forward-looking statements" at the beginning of this report for more information.  furthermore, we plan to provide updates to these 2022 expectations when we believe previously disclosed expectations no longer have a reasonable basis.
critical accounting estimates accounting standards require information in financial statements about the risks and uncertainties inherent in significant estimates, and the application of gaap involves the exercise of varying degrees of judgment. certain amounts included in or affecting our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures must be estimated, requiring us to make certain assumptions with respect to values or conditions that cannot be known with certainty at the time our financial statements are prepared. these estimates and assumptions affect the amounts we report for our assets and liabilities, our revenues and expenses during the reporting period, and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements. we routinely evaluate these estimates, utilizing historical experience, consultation with experts and other methods we consider reasonable in the particular circumstances. nevertheless, actual results may differ significantly from our estimates, and any effects on our business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known.
critical accounting estimates and assumptions involve material levels of subjectivity and complex judgement to account for highly uncertain matters or matters with a high susceptibility to change, and could result in a material impact to our financial statements. examples of certain areas that require more judgment relative to others when preparing our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures include our use of estimates in determining: (i) revenue recognition; (ii) income taxes; (iii) the economic useful lives of our assets and related depletion rates; (iv) the fair values used in (a) assigning the purchase price of a business acquisition, (b) calculations of possible asset and equity investment impairment charges, (c) calculation for the annual goodwill impairment test (or interim tests if triggered), and (d) recording derivative contract assets and liabilities; (v) reserves for environmental claims, legal fees, transportation rate cases and other litigation liabilities; (vi) provisions for credit losses; (vii) computation of the gain or loss, if any, on assets sold in whole or in part; and (viii) exposures under contractual indemnifications.
for a summary of our significant accounting policies, see note 2 "summary of significant accounting policies" to our consolidated financial statements and the following discussion for further information regarding critical estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our financial statements.
acquisition method of accounting for acquired businesses, we recognize the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree at their estimated fair values on the date of acquisition with any excess purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired is recorded to goodwill. determining the fair value of these items requires management's judgment and/or the utilization of independent valuation specialists and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. the judgments made in the determination of the estimated fair value assigned to the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the investee, as well as the estimated useful life of each asset and the duration of each liability, can materially impact the financial statements in periods after acquisition, such as through depreciation and amortization expense. for more information on our acquisitions and application of the acquisition method, see note 3 "acquisitions and divestitures" to our consolidated financial statements.
impairments in addition to our annual testing of impairment for goodwill, we evaluate impairment of our long-lived assets when a triggering event occurs. management applies judgment in determining whether there is an impairment indicator. fair value calculated for the purpose of testing our long-lived assets, including intangible assets, goodwill and equity method investments for impairment involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions regarding the timing and amounts of future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, market prices and asset lives, among other items. the estimates and assumptions can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts. an estimate of the sensitivity to changes in underlying assumptions of a fair value calculation is not practicable, given the numerous assumptions that can materially affect our estimates.
for more information on our impairments and significant estimates and assumptions used in our impairment evaluations, see note 4 "losses and gains on impairments, divestitures and other write-downs."
hedging activities all of our derivative contracts are recorded at estimated fair value. we utilize published prices, broker quotes, and estimates of market prices to estimate the fair value of these contracts; however, actual amounts could vary materially from estimated fair values as a result of changes in market prices. in addition, changes in the methods used to determine the fair value of these contracts could have a material effect on our results of operations. we do not anticipate future changes in the methods used to determine the fair value of these derivative contracts. for more information on our hedging activities, see note 14 "risk management" to our consolidated financial statements.
environmental matters with respect to our environmental exposure, we utilize both internal staff and external experts to assist us in identifying environmental issues and in estimating the costs and timing of remediation efforts. our accrual of environmental liabilities often coincides either with our completion of a feasibility study or our commitment to a formal plan of action, but generally, we recognize and/or adjust our probable environmental liabilities, if necessary or appropriate, following quarterly reviews of potential environmental issues and claims that could impact our assets or operations. in recording and adjusting environmental liabilities, we consider the effect of environmental compliance, pending legal actions against us, and potential third party liability claims. for more information on environmental matters, see part i, items 1 and 2 "business and properties-narrative description of business-environmental matters." for more information on our environmental disclosures, see note 18 "litigation and environmental" to our consolidated financial statements.
legal and regulatory matters many of our operations are regulated by various u.s. regulatory bodies, and we are subject to legal and regulatory matters as a result of our business operations and transactions. we utilize both internal and external counsel in evaluating our potential exposure to adverse outcomes from orders, judgments or settlements. any such liability recorded is revised as better information becomes available. accordingly, to the extent that actual outcomes differ from our estimates, or additional facts and circumstances cause us to revise our estimates, our earnings will be affected. for more information on legal proceedings, see note 18 "litigation and environmental" to our consolidated financial statements.
employee benefit plans we reflect an asset or liability for our pension and other postretirement benefit (opeb) plans based on their overfunded or underfunded status. as of december 31, 2021, our pension plans were underfunded by $427 million, and our opeb plans were overfunded by $125 million. our pension and opeb obligations and net benefit costs are primarily based on actuarial calculations. we use various assumptions in performing these calculations, including those related to the return that we expect to earn on our plan assets, the rate at which we expect the compensation of our employees to increase over the plan term, the estimated cost of health care when benefits are provided under our plan and other factors. a significant assumption we utilize is the discount rate used in calculating our benefit obligations. we utilize a full yield curve approach to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost (credit) for our pension and opeb plans, which applies the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in determining the benefit obligation to the underlying projected cash flows. the selection of these assumptions is further discussed in note 10 "share-based compensation and employee benefits" to our consolidated financial statements.
actual results may differ from the assumptions included in these calculations, and as a result, our estimates associated with our pension and opeb can be, and have been revised in subsequent periods. the income statement impact of the changes in the assumptions on our related benefit obligations are deferred and amortized into income over either the period of expected future service of active participants, or over the expected future lives of inactive plan participants. as of december 31, 2021, we had deferred net losses of approximately $319 million in pre-tax accumulated other comprehensive loss related to our pension and opeb plans.
the following sensitivity analysis shows the estimated impact of a 1% change in the primary assumptions used in our actuarial calculations associated with our pension and opeb plans for the year ended december 31, 2021:
pension benefits            opeb net benefit cost (income)               change in funded status(a)                net benefit cost (income)                 change in funded status(a)
(in millions)
one percent increase in:
discount rates                                                $(11)                          $223                                      $1                                        $18
expected return on plan assets                                 (21)                          -                                         (4)                                       -
rate of compensation increase                                     3                          (13)                                      -                                         -
one percent decrease in:
discount rates                                                   13                          (266)                                     -                                         (20)
expected return on plan assets                                   21                          -                                4                                                  -
rate of compensation increase                                   (3)                                           12                       -                                         -
(a)includes amounts deferred as either accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) or as a regulatory asset or liability for certain of our regulated operations.
income taxes we make significant judgments and estimates in determining our provision for income taxes, including our assessment of our income tax positions given the uncertainties involved in the interpretation and application of complex tax laws and regulations in various taxing jurisdictions. numerous and complex judgments and assumptions are inherent in the estimation of future taxable income when determining a valuation allowance, including factors such as future operating conditions and the apportionment of income by state. for more information, see note 5 "income taxes" to our consolidated financial statements.
results of operations
