item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this form 10-k, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in item 8, and the discussion of risk factors that may affect future results in item 1a. additionally, refer to item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in altria's 2020 annual report on form 10-k for management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
description of the company for a description of altria, see item 1. business of this form 10-k ("item 1"), and background in note 1. background and basis of presentation to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
executive summary in this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations section, altria refers to the following "adjusted" financial measures: adjusted operating companies income (loss) ("oci"); adjusted oci margins; adjusted net earnings attributable to altria; adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to altria; and adjusted effective tax rates. these adjusted financial measures are not required by, or calculated in accordance with, united states generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") and may not be calculated the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies. these adjusted financial measures should thus be considered as supplemental in nature and not considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with gaap. except as noted in the 2022 forecasted results section below, when altria provides a non-gaap measure in this form 10-k, it also provides a reconciliation of that non-gaap financial measure to the most directly comparable gaap financial measure. oci for the segments is defined as operating income before general corporate expenses and amortization of intangibles. for a further description of these non-gaap financial measures, see the non-gaap financial measures section below.
covid-19 pandemic the covid-19 pandemic has led to adverse impacts on the united states and global economies and continues to create economic uncertainty, including due to variants of the covid-19 virus, even as covid-19 vaccines have been and continue to be administered and certain portions of the united states and global economies have begun to operate with reduced restrictions on consumer movements and business operations. uncertainty still surrounds the pandemic, including its duration, the impact of covid-19 variants and the ultimate overall impact on united states and global economies, altria's operations and those of its investees. altria continues to monitor the macroeconomic risks arising in part from the covid-19 pandemic (including labor shortages, inflation and supply change shortages) and continues to carefully evaluate potential outcomes and work to mitigate risks. specifically, altria remains focused on any potential impact to its liquidity, operations, supply and distribution chains and on economic conditions. in terms of altria's liquidity, table of contents despite some temporary volatility in commercial paper markets in 2020, altria has not experienced a material adverse impact to its liquidity.
as with so many other companies throughout the united states and globally, altria's operations have been affected by the covid-19 pandemic. to date, altria believes its tobacco businesses have not experienced any material adverse effects associated with governmental actions to restrict consumer movement or business operations, but continues to monitor these factors. altria continues to operate in a remote working environment for many employees and believes that remote working due to the covid-19 pandemic has had minimal impact on productivity. also, altria's critical information technology systems have remained operational. although altria's tobacco businesses previously suspended operations temporarily at several of their manufacturing facilities in march 2020, the businesses resumed operations at those facilities under enhanced safety protocols in april 2020, and all manufacturing and non-manufacturing facilities are currently operational under enhanced safety protocols recommended by public health authorities. altria continues to monitor the risks associated with facility disruptions and workforce availability as a result of uncertainty related to the covid-19 pandemic and guidance from public health officials as it evolves its safety protocols.
altria also continues to monitor the inflationary environment arising in part from the covid-19 pandemic and its impact on altria's financial position and results of operations. for the year ended december 31, 2021, inflation did not have a material impact on altria's msa expense or on direct materials and other costs. while altria anticipates that inflation will continue at increased levels in 2022, it does not believe the impacts will be material to altria's financial position and results of operations. see operating results by business segment - tobacco space - state settlement agreements below for further discussion on msa expense.
altria's suppliers and those within its distribution chain continue to be subject to potential facility closures, remote working protocols, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions and inflation. to date, altria has not experienced any material disruptions to its supply chains or distribution systems. altria continues to monitor the risk that the business of one or more suppliers, distributors or any other entities within its supply and distribution chains may be disrupted.
altria believes that the covid-19 pandemic altered adult tobacco consumer behaviors and purchasing patterns, particularly in the earlier stages of the pandemic. while the number of adult tobacco consumer trips to the store remain below pre-pandemic levels and tobacco expenditures per trip remain elevated, the environment continues to evolve as the effects of government stimulus have lessened and consumer mobility returns to more normal levels. although altria's tobacco businesses have not experienced a material adverse impact to date by the covid-19 pandemic, there is continued uncertainty as to how the covid-19 pandemic (including changes in covid-19-related restrictions and guidelines and new variants) may impact adult tobacco consumers in the future. altria continues to monitor the macroeconomic risks of the covid-19 pandemic (including risks associated with the timing and extent of vaccine administration and the impact of covid-19 variants), and their effect on adult tobacco consumers, including stay-at-home practices and disposable income, which may be further impacted by unemployment rates and inflation. altria also continues to monitor adult tobacco consumers' purchasing behaviors, including overall tobacco product expenditures, mix between premium and discount brand purchases and adoption of smoke-free products. see operating results by business segment - tobacco space business environment - summary below for further discussion of economic conditions and the impact on adult tobacco consumer purchasing behavior.
during 2021, abi continued to be impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, including the effects of covid-19 variants, supply-chain constraints across certain markets, adverse transactional foreign exchange rates, inflation and commodity cost headwinds. while altria considers the impacts related to the covid-19 pandemic that have negatively impacted abi's global business to be transitory, altria will continue to monitor its investment in abi, including the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on abi's business and market valuation. see note 6 for further discussion of altria's investment in abi, including the recording of a $6.2 billion non-cash, pre-tax impairment charge in 2021.
altria considered the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the business of juul, including its sales, distribution, operations, supply chain and liquidity, in conducting its periodic impairment assessment and quantitative valuations. juul's operations were negatively impacted in 2020 and 2021 by the covid-19 pandemic due to stay-at-home practices and government-mandated restrictions. while the impact was considered in altria's quantitative valuations conducted in connection with the preparation of its financial statements for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, altria does not believe the covid-19 pandemic was a primary driver of the non-cash, pre-tax impairment charge recorded during 2020 or any quarterly changes in fair value recorded since the fourth quarter of 2020. altria will continue to monitor the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on juul's business, including near-term supply chain constraints, component part shortages and inflation, in altria's quarterly quantitative valuations of juul. see note 6 for further discussion of altria's investment in juul.
altria considered the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the business of cronos, including its sales, distribution, operations, supply chain and liquidity. during 2020 and 2021, cronos was adversely impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, due in part to government actions limiting access to retail stores in the united states and canada. altria will continue to monitor the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on cronos's business, including as a result of new variants, near-term supply chain challenges, inflation and market valuation. see note 6 for further discussion of altria's investment in cronos.
table of contents consolidated results of operations the changes in net earnings (losses) attributable to altria and diluted earnings (losses) per share ("eps") attributable to altria for the year ended december 31, 2021, from the year ended december 31, 2020, were due primarily to the following:
