management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-funding, liquidity and capital resources-funding sources-securitized financings" and note 5. variable interest entities to our consolidated financial statements.
there can be no assurance that the securitization market for credit cards will not experience future disruptions. the extent to which we securitize our loan receivables in the future will depend in part upon the conditions in the securities markets in general and the credit card asset-backed securities market in particular, the availability of loan receivables for securitization, the overall credit quality of our loan receivables and the conformity of the loan receivables and our securitization program to rating agency requirements, the costs of securitizing our loan receivables, and the legal, regulatory, accounting and tax requirements governing securitization transactions. in the event we are unable to refinance existing asset-backed securities with new asset-backed securities, we would be required to rely on other sources of funding, which may not be available or may be available only at higher cost. further, in the event we are unable to refinance existing asset-backed securities from our nonbank subsidiary securitization trust with new securities from the same trust, there are structural and regulatory constraints on our ability to refinance these asset-backed securities with bank deposits or other funding at the bank, and therefore we would be required to rely on sources outside of the bank, which may not be available or may be available only at higher cost. a prolonged inability to securitize our loan receivables on favorable terms, or at all, or to refinance our asset-backed securities would have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, cost of funds and financial condition.
the occurrence of an early amortization of our securitization facilities would have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and cost of funds.
our liquidity would be materially adversely affected by the occurrence of events resulting in the early amortization of our existing securitized financings. during an early amortization period, principal collections from the loan receivables in our asset-backed securitization trust in which the early amortization event occurred would be applied to repay principal of the trust's asset-backed securities rather than being available on a revolving basis to fund purchases of newly originated loan receivables. this would negatively impact our liquidity, including our ability to originate new loan receivables under existing accounts, and require us to rely on alternative funding sources, which might increase our funding costs or might not be available when needed.
our loss of the right to service or subservice our securitized loan receivables would have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and cost of funds.
synchrony currently acts as servicer with respect to our nonbank subsidiary securitization trust, and the bank acts as servicer with respect to our other two securitization trusts. if synchrony or the bank, as applicable, defaults in its servicing obligations, an early amortization event could occur with respect to the relevant asset-backed securities and/or synchrony or the bank, as applicable, could be replaced as servicer. servicer defaults include, for example, the failure of the servicer to make any payment, transfer or deposit in accordance with the securitization documents, a breach of representations, warranties or agreements made by the servicer under the securitization documents, the delegation of the servicer's duties contrary to the securitization documents and the occurrence of certain insolvency events with respect to the servicer. such an early amortization event would have the adverse consequences discussed in the immediately preceding risk factor.
if either synchrony or the bank defaults in its servicing obligations with respect to any of our three securitization trusts, a third party could be appointed as servicer of such trust. if a third-party servicer is appointed, there is no assurance that the third party will engage us as sub-servicer, in which event we would no longer be able to control the manner in which the related trust's assets are serviced, and the failure of a third party to appropriately service such assets could lead to an early amortization event in the affected securitization trust, which would have the adverse consequences discussed in the immediately preceding risk factor.
lower payment rates on our securitized loan receivables could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition.
certain collections from our securitized loan receivables come back to us through our subsidiaries, and we use these collections to fund our purchase of newly originated loan receivables to collateralize our securitized financings. if payment rates on our securitized loan receivables are lower than they have historically been, fewer collections will be remitted to us on an ongoing basis. further, certain series of our asset-backed securities include a requirement that we accumulate principal collections in a restricted account for a specified number of months prior to the applicable security's maturity date. we are required under the program documents to lengthen this accumulation period to the extent we expect the payment rates to be low enough that the current length of the accumulation period is inadequate to fully fund the restricted account by the applicable security's maturity date. lower payment rates, and in particular, payment rates that are low enough that we are required to lengthen our accumulation periods, could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition.
changes in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our net earnings, funding and liquidity.
changes in market interest rates cause our net interest income to increase or decrease, as certain of our assets and liabilities carry interest rates that fluctuate with market benchmarks. at december 31, 2021, 54.6% of our loan receivables were priced at a fixed interest rate to the customer, with the remaining 45.4% at a floating interest rate. we fund our assets with a combination of fixed rate and floating rate funding sources that include deposits, asset-backed securities and unsecured debt. the interest rate benchmark for our floating rate assets is the prime rate, and the interest rate benchmark for our floating rate liabilities is generally either the libor or the federal funds rate. the prime rate and libor or the federal funds rate could reset at different times or could diverge, leading to mismatches in the interest rates on our floating rate assets and floating rate liabilities. additionally, on july 27, 2017 the uk financial conduct authority announced that it would no longer encourage or compel banks to continue to contribute quotes and maintain libor after 2021. however, on march 5, 2021, the ice benchmark administration stated that it will continue to publish overnight, 1, 3, 6 and 12 month libor settings.
the federal reserve board, the office of the comptroller of the currency and the federal deposit insurance corporation issued supervisory guidance, on november 30, 2020, encouraging banks to cease entering into new contracts that use usd libor as a reference rate as soon as practicable and in any event by december 31, 2021. regulators have not, to date, compelled banks to use a particular replacement rate for libor, but market acceptance has largely gravitated toward the secured overnight financing rate (sofr). synchrony is not entering into any new agreements that reference libor. additionally, synchrony is in the process of amending existing asset and liability contracts that reference libor to reference a new benchmark rate. the new benchmark rates include, but are not limited to, sofr, federal funds and u.s. treasury bills. when our existing contracts that reference libor are updated or renewed with these benchmark rates, they could reset at different times, or diverge, from the prime rate, leading to mismatches in the interest rates on our floating rate assets and floating rate liabilities. if we are unable to effectively manage the transition from libor, our net earnings could be materially adversely affected.
competitive and regulatory factors may limit our ability to raise interest rates on our loans. in addition, some of our program agreements limit the rate of interest we can charge to customers. if interest rates were to rise materially over a sustained period of time, and we are unable to sufficiently raise our interest rates in a timely manner, or at all, our net interest margin could be adversely impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our net earnings.
interest rates may also adversely impact our customers' spending levels and ability and willingness to pay amounts owed to us. our floating rate credit products bear interest rates that fluctuate with the prime rate. higher interest rates often lead to higher payment obligations by customers to us and other lenders under mortgage, credit card and other consumer loans, which may reduce our customers' ability to remain current on their obligations to us and therefore lead to increased delinquencies, bankruptcies, charge-offs, allowances for credit losses, and decreasing recoveries, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our net earnings.
changes in interest rates and competitor responses to these changes may also impact customer decisions to maintain deposits with us, and reductions in deposits could materially adversely affect our funding costs and liquidity.
we assess our interest rate risk by estimating the net interest income impact of various interest rate scenarios. we take risk mitigation actions based on those assessments. changes in interest rates could materially reduce our net interest income and our net earnings, and could also increase our funding costs and reduce our liquidity, especially if actual conditions turn out to be materially different from our assumptions. for a discussion of interest rate risk sensitivities, see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk-
