The company designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices and personal computers, and sells a variety of related software, services, accessories and third-party digital content and applications. The company continues to believe that focused investments in research and development are critical to its future growth and competitive position in the marketplace, and to the development of new and updated products and services that are central to the company's core business strategy. The company anticipates utilizing approximately $14.0 billion for capital expenditures during 2019, which includes product tooling and manufacturing process equipment; data centers; corporate facilities and infrastructure, including information systems hardware, software and enhancements; and retail store facilities. The company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis, with reportable segments that consist of the Americas, Europe, Greater China, Japan and Rest of Asia Pacific, aligning with the location of the company's customers and distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic region. The company recognizes revenue from the sale of hardware products, software bundled with hardware that is essential to the functionality of the hardware and third-party digital content sold on the iTunes store in accordance with general revenue recognition accounting guidance. The company regularly reviews its investment portfolio to determine if any security is other-than-temporarily impaired, which would require the company to record an impairment charge in the period any such determination is made. The company accrues for estimated purchase commitment cancellation fees related to inventory orders that have been canceled or are expected to be canceled, covering the company's forecasted component and manufacturing requirements. The company believes its existing balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to satisfy its working capital needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations over the next 12 months. The company anticipates that cash used for future dividends, the share repurchase program and debt repayments will come from its current cash and cash generated from ongoing operating activities. The company has entered, and in the future may enter, into interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk on the notes and into foreign currency swaps to manage foreign currency risk on the notes. The company believes that any incremental Irish corporate income taxes potentially due related to the state aid decision would be creditable against U.S. taxes, subject to any foreign tax credit limitations. The company records a tax provision for the anticipated tax consequences of its reported operating results, computed using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. The company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and executive officers, agreeing to indemnify such individuals to the fullest extent permitted by law against liabilities that arise by reason of their status as directors or officers of the company. The company records a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable, requiring significant judgment. The company anticipates gross margin percentage during the first quarter of 2019 to be between 38.0% and 38.5%, with future gross margins subject to volatility and downward pressure due to various factors including increased competition and the company's ability to effectively stimulate demand for certain of its products.