We are one of the largest providers of cloud-based human capital management ("HCM") technology solutions, including payroll, talent management, human resources and benefits administration, and time and attendance management, to employers around the world. We deliver on our global HCM strategy and make investments in highly strategic areas and technology to strengthen our underlying business model and prospects for continued growth. We innovate by anticipating how the world of work is transforming and how trends, such as the rise of the gig economy, impact the needs of our clients and the evolving workforce. Through our investments in technology, service, and distribution, we intend to continue to build on our momentum. During fiscal 2018, we continued to migrate clients to our strategic platforms while making investments in research and development to provide best-in-class cloud-based HCM technology solutions to our clients. Our focus on improving the client experience positively impacted employer services retention and translated into strong retention on our strategic platforms. We are executing upon a voluntary early retirement program and have identified additional operational improvement initiatives through the formation of our transformation office, which supports our ongoing strategy aimed at streamlining our operations and extending our world-class distribution while leveraging our talent and culture. Our financial condition and balance sheet remain solid, with cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of approximately $2.2 billion. We continue our disciplined approach to capital allocation decisions, including assessing reinvestments into the business, potential acquisitions, and returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. Systems development and programming costs remained flat in fiscal 2018 due to increased investments in product innovation and costs to develop, support, and maintain our products. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased due to investments in our sales organization and additional restructuring charges related to our service alignment initiative and workforce optimization effort. Our revenues increased primarily due to new business started from new business bookings, benefiting from an increase in the number of employees on our clients' payrolls. Employer services revenue retention rate for fiscal 2018 increased, driven by higher retention across our cloud-based solutions and our focus on improving the client experience. We have benefited from the tax cuts and jobs act, and with increased operating cash flow and greater access to our cash worldwide, we will continue to assess reinvestments into the business and potential acquisitions. Our total expenses increased primarily due to an increase in pass-through costs and costs to service our client base in support of our growing revenue. We remain focused on delivering results and executing on our strategy to transform our business for continued success within the competitive global HCM environment. The increase in revenues was due to an increase in the average number of worksite employees, driven by new PEO services clients and higher benefit pass-through revenues. Overall margin remained flat for fiscal 2018, due to pressure from growth in our pass-through revenues partially offset by reductions in selling expense. We are reshaping the HCM industry through organic innovative development and strategic acquisitions, enhancing our position as a global HCM provider that can help businesses address the entire worker spectrum from full-time to freelancer.