Applied's strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections; expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries; and growing its services business. Applied's significant investments in research, development and engineering must generally enable it to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. Applied works closely with its global customers to design systems and processes that meet their planned technical and production requirements. The growth of data and emerging end-market drivers such as artificial intelligence, augmented and virtual reality, the internet of things, and smart vehicles are also creating new opportunities for the industry. Applied's investments in etch were focused on supporting the adoption of precision etch technology for enabling continued scaling of 3D logic and memory chips. The investment in e-beam inspection was in support of strengthening the e-beam portfolio, which helps achieve higher yields at advanced nodes by detecting the most challenging defects and monitoring and controlling process marginality. Applied's investments in materials engineering solutions support patterning applications as well as improve transistor performance and device power efficiency. The applied global services segment provides integrated solutions to optimize equipment and fab performance and productivity, including spares, upgrades, services, certain remanufactured earlier generation equipment, and factory automation software for semiconductor, display, and solar products. Demand for applied global services' service solutions is driven by applied's large and growing installed base of manufacturing systems and customers' needs to shorten ramp times, improve device performance and yield, and optimize factory output and operating costs. Industry conditions that affect applied global services' sales of spares and services are primarily characterized by increases in semiconductor manufacturers' wafer starts and continued strong utilization rates, growth of the installed base of equipment, growing service intensity of newer tools, and the company's ability to sell more comprehensive service agreements. Applied's future operating results depend to a considerable extent on its ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products it provides. Development efforts are focused on solving customers' key technical challenges in transistor, interconnect, patterning, and packaging performance as devices scale to advanced technology nodes. Applied's ongoing investments in product development initiatives are consistent with the company's growth strategy, prioritizing existing R&D investments in technical capabilities and critical research and development programs in current and new markets, with a focus on semiconductor technologies. Applied's ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is critical in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The company's IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. Applied's commitment to investing in R&D is aimed at ensuring the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of its customers' most advanced designs.