In this management's discussion and analysis, we describe the results of operations and the financial condition for us and our consolidated subsidiaries, including a discussion of our results of operations for 2018 compared to 2017 and 2017 compared to 2016. Our 2018 financial results demonstrate the success of our strong product roadmap execution. Customers continued to adopt our high-performance products as new products accounted for over 65% of our annual 2018 revenue. Our operating income for 2018 improved to $451 million compared to operating income of $127 million for 2017. We significantly expanded our desktop processor offerings in 2018 with the launch of our second-generation AMD Ryzen and high-end AMD Ryzen Threadripper processors for gamers, creators, and hardware enthusiasts. We also introduced the first entry-level processors based on our "Zen" CPU and "Vega" GPU cores for the consumer and commercial desktop PC market. In the notebook market, multiple customers launched premium consumer and commercial PCs featuring our mobile AMD Ryzen APUs. For the high-performance embedded markets, we introduced the AMD EPYC embedded 3000 processor and AMD Ryzen embedded V1000 processor families that bring new levels of computing and graphics performance to the thin client, digital signage, and infrastructure markets. Our operating results tend to vary seasonally, and we report our financial performance based on the computing and graphics segment and the enterprise, embedded, and semi-custom segment. The increase in average selling price and unit shipments was primarily driven by higher demand for our Ryzen processors. The improvement in operating income was primarily driven by higher demand for Ryzen and Radeon products as customers continued to adopt our new products, partially offset by a $195 million increase in operating expenses. The increase in operating expenses was driven primarily by datacenter-related expenses and lower licensing gains recorded in 2017 related to the licensed IP. Our research and development expenses increased by 20% in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily driven by a $168 million increase in product engineering and design related costs attributable to both segments. We believe our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balance along with our secured revolving line of credit will be sufficient to fund operations, including capital expenditures, over the next 12 months. Our secured revolving line of credit allows us to borrow, repay, and re-borrow amounts from time to time up to $500 million. The borrowers are subject to commitment fees and letter of credit facility fees, and we are required to comply with certain covenants under the agreement. The secured revolving line of credit bears interest at customary LIBOR plus an applicable margin or at the bank's prime rate plus an applicable margin. As of December 29, 2018, we were in compliance with all required covenants stated in the loan agreement. Our operating, investing, and financing activities for fiscal 2018 reflect our strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility. We expect that international sales will continue to be a significant portion of total sales in the foreseeable future, driven by a higher proportion of revenue from China and Taiwan related to sales of our products within the computing and graphics segment.