We are a leading supplier of cloud networking solutions that use software innovations to address the needs of large-scale internet companies, cloud service providers, and next-generation data centers and campuses for enterprise support. Our cloud networking solutions deliver industry-leading performance, scalability, availability, programmability, automation, and visibility. The programmability of our extensible operating system, or EOS, has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics, and has also allowed us to rapidly integrate with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. We expect to continue growing our organization to meet the needs of new and existing customers as they increasingly realize the performance and cost benefits of our cloud networking solutions and as they expand their cloud networks. Accordingly, we intend to continue to invest in our research and development organization to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. Our research and development efforts are focused on maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products and on new product development, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest heavily in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. We engineer our products to be agnostic to the underlying merchant silicon architecture. This enables us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies and to leverage the investments made by merchant silicon vendors to achieve cost-effective solutions. We expect our revenue may vary from period to period based on, among other things, the timing and size of orders, the delivery and acceptance of products, and the impact of significant transactions. Our end customers span a range of industries and include large internet companies, service providers, financial services organizations, government agencies, media and entertainment companies, and others. As we have grown the functionality of our EOS software, expanded the range of our product portfolio, and increased the size of our sales force, our revenue has continued to grow rapidly. We have also been profitable and operating cash flow positive for each year since 2010. In order to support our strong growth, we have and may continue to accelerate our investment in infrastructure, such as enterprise resource planning software and other technologies to improve the efficiency of our operations. We expect that a substantial portion of our future sales will be follow-on sales to existing customers. We intend to continue expanding our sales force and marketing activities in key geographies, as well as our relationships with channel, technology, and system-level partners in order to reach new end customers more effectively, increase sales to existing customers, and provide services and support effectively. We have experienced unpredictability in the timing of large orders, especially with respect to our large end customers, due to the complexity of orders and the time it takes end customers to evaluate, test, qualify, and accept our products. Our research and development expenses increased significantly due to headcount growth from our normal hiring process and from the two acquisitions we completed in the third quarter of 2018, as well as increased IT services and costs associated with our acquired businesses.