Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. There are essentially no centralized or integrated business functions and there is minimal involvement by our corporate headquarters in the day-to-day business activities of the operating businesses. Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains/losses. Our management views our insurance businesses as possessing two distinct activities – underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers, while investing decisions are the responsibility of Berkshire's chairman and CEO, Warren E. Buffett, and Berkshire's corporate investment managers. We consider investment income as a component of our aggregate insurance operating results. However, we consider investment gains and losses, whether realized or unrealized, as non-operating, based on our long-held philosophy of acquiring securities and holding those securities for long periods. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. We engage in both primary insurance and reinsurance of property/casualty, life and health risks. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are Geico, Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group ("BHRG") and Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group. We expect to incur pre-tax underwriting losses from certain businesses, primarily through deferred charge amortization and discount accretion charges. We receive premiums at the inception of these contracts, which are then available for investment. Our insurance and other businesses held cash, cash equivalents and U.S. Treasury bills of approximately $109 billion, which included $85 billion in U.S. Treasury bills. Investments in equity and fixed maturity securities (excluding our investment in Kraft Heinz) were approximately $193 billion. Our railroad, utilities and energy businesses maintain very large investments in capital assets and will regularly make significant capital expenditures in the normal course of business. We forecast capital expenditures of these two operations will approximate $10.5 billion for the year ending December 31, 2019. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to such investments. Our invested assets continue to include significant levels of short-term investments. We strive to invest in businesses that possess excellent economics and able and honest management, and we prefer to invest a meaningful amount in each investee. Consequently, equity investments are concentrated in relatively few issuers. We often hold our equity investments for long periods and short-term price volatility has occurred in the past and will occur in the future. Our strategy is to acquire or originate interest-sensitive instruments at prices considered appropriate relative to the perceived credit risk. We also issue debt in the ordinary course of business to fund business operations, business acquisitions and for other general purposes. We attempt to maintain high credit ratings to minimize the cost of our debt. We generally do not attempt to match assets and liabilities by currency and do not use derivative contracts to hedge or manage foreign currency price changes in any meaningful way. Our subsidiaries use commodities in various ways in manufacturing and providing services, and we are subject to price risks related to various commodities. In most instances, we attempt to manage these risks through the pricing of our products and services to customers.