Our investments in merchandise pricing can, from time to time, include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting near-term gross margin as a percentage of net sales. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and other international operating segments. Central operating costs were higher by two basis points, primarily due to increased costs associated with our information systems modernization, including increased depreciation for projects placed in service, incurred by our U.S. operations. Our primary requirement for capital is acquiring land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. Capital is also required for information systems, manufacturing and distribution facilities, initial warehouse operations, and working capital. We believe that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. Our e-commerce business growth, domestically and internationally, has also increased our sales. Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at competitive prices. We do not focus in the short term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" on quality goods—consistently providing the most competitive values. Our financial performance depends heavily on our ability to control costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, most particularly health care and utility expenses. Our cash flow provided by operations is primarily derived from net sales and membership fees. Cash flow used in operations generally consists of payments to our merchandise vendors, warehouse operating costs including payroll and employee benefits, utilities, and credit and debit card processing fees. The increase in membership fees was primarily due to the annual fee increase and membership sign-ups at existing and new warehouses. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. We also achieve sales growth by opening new warehouses. As our warehouse base grows, available and desirable potential sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. Our investments in information systems are aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and supporting business needs. The negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are continuing to decline in significance as they relate to the results of our total operations. Our investments in technology resources are intended to leverage our operational capabilities and improve our market responsiveness. Our management believes that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. We believe that the most important driver of our profitability is sales growth, particularly comparable warehouse sales growth. Our membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability. The health of the economies in which we do business, including the effects of inflation or deflation, especially in the United States, also impacts our sales growth and gross margins.