Cisco designs and sells a broad range of technologies that have been powering the internet since 1984. Our evolving intent-based technologies are constantly learning and adapting to provide customers with a highly secure, intelligent platform for their digital business. We remain focused on accelerating innovation across our portfolio, and we believe that we have made continued progress on our strategic priorities. Our product revenue reflected growth in infrastructure platforms, applications, and security, and we continued to make progress in the transition of our business model to increased software and subscriptions. We continue to operate in a challenging and highly competitive environment. While the overall environment remains uncertain, we continue to aggressively invest in priority areas with the objective of driving profitable growth over the long term. Our strategic priorities include accelerating our pace of innovation, increasing the value of the network, and transforming our business model. We believe that our customers are looking for intent-based networks that provide meaningful business value through automation, security, and analytics across private, hybrid, and multi-cloud environments. We continue to invest in research and development in order to bring a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion. If we believe that we are unable to enter a particular market in a timely manner with internally developed products, we may purchase or license technology from other businesses, or we may partner with or acquire businesses as an alternative to internal R&D. Our ongoing consideration of all these factors could result in additional impairment charges in the future, which could adversely affect our net income. We expect to continue to expand the use of our financing programs in the near term. Our purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers relate to arrangements to secure long-term pricing for certain product components for multi-year periods. We believe our inventory and purchase commitments levels are in line with our current demand forecasts. We manage our business primarily on a geographic basis, organized into three geographic segments. Our revenue, which includes product and service for each segment, is summarized in the following table. We have a short-term debt financing program in which up to $10.0 billion is available through the issuance of commercial paper notes. We use the proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper notes for general corporate purposes. We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. We believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends. Our financing arrangements include leases, loans, and financed service contracts. We also provide financing to certain qualified customers for long-term service contracts, which primarily relate to technical support services. Our investments in privately held companies were $1,096 million, compared with $983 million as of July 29, 2017, and were included in other assets. We monitor these investments for events or circumstances indicative of potential impairment, and we make appropriate reductions in carrying values if we determine that an impairment charge is required, based primarily on the financial condition and near-term prospects of these companies. Our strategic management practices include evaluating our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from tax examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes.