The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, contributing to revenue growth, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business. We generate our advertising revenues increasingly from mobile and newer advertising formats, and the margins from the advertising revenues from these sources have generally been lower than those from traditional desktop search. We continue to make significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, as well as in new products and services. Our capital expenditures have grown over time, and we expect this trend to continue in the long term as we invest heavily in data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. As we continue to look for new ways to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in R&D and capital expenditures. The increase in TAC to distribution partners from 2017 to 2018 was a result of an increase in Google properties revenues and the associated TAC rate. The increase in the Google properties TAC rate was driven by changes in partner agreements and the ongoing shift to mobile, which carries higher TAC because more mobile searches are channeled through paid access points. The increase in other cost of revenues was due to an increase in data center and other operations costs, which was affected by increased allocations primarily from general and administrative expenses; content acquisition costs as a result of increased activities related to YouTube; and hardware costs associated with new hardware launches. We expect cost of revenues to increase in dollar amount and as a percentage of total revenues in future periods based on a number of factors, including Google network members TAC rates, which are affected by a combination of factors such as geographic mix, product mix, revenue share terms, and fluctuations of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies. Our investment in office facilities is driven by workforce needs; and our investment in data centers is driven by our compute and storage requirements and has a lead time of up to three years. We believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months. Our primary uses of cash from our operating activities include payments to our Google network members and distribution partners, and payments for content acquisition costs. Additionally, uses of cash from operating activities include compensation and related costs, hardware inventory costs, other general corporate expenditures, and income taxes. Our largest source of cash provided by our operations are advertising revenues generated by Google properties and Google network members' properties. The growth during both periods was primarily driven by increases in mobile search resulting from ongoing growth in user adoption and usage, as well as continued growth in advertiser activity. The positive effect on our revenues from an increase in paid clicks was partially offset by a decrease in the cost-per-click paid by our advertisers. The increase in TAC to Google network members was a result of an increase in Google network members' properties revenues and the associated TAC rate. We expect these trends to continue to put pressure on our overall margins.