As a global investment firm, we are affected by financial and economic conditions globally. Technological advancements and innovations may disrupt marketplaces and businesses. Our ability to attract new capital and investors is driven, in part, by the extent to which they continue to see the alternative asset management industry as an attractive vehicle for capital appreciation or income. Our ability to successfully deploy capital is dependent upon our ability to participate in capital markets transactions. Greater competition, high valuations, and increased overall cost of credit may impact our ability to identify and execute attractive investments. We may experience periods of reduced investment activity, which tends to result in reduced potential future investment gains and lower transaction fees. Our ability to grow revenues depends on our ability to attract new capital and investors, successfully deploy capital, and realize investments at a profit. The strength and liquidity of the U.S. and relevant global equity markets generally affect the valuation of, and our ability to successfully exit, our equity positions in our private equity portfolio companies. Our investments are influenced by market conditions, including equity prices, credit spreads, and volatility, which impact our financial condition and results of operations. Our capital markets business line is dependent on the overall capital markets environment, which is influenced by equity prices, credit spreads, and volatility. We expect that our primary liquidity needs will consist of cash required to continue to grow our business lines, including seeding new strategies and funding capital commitments made to existing and future funds. Our management of liquidity and capital requirements focuses on cash flows before the consolidation of our funds and the effect of changes in short-term assets and liabilities. We may also be required to fund various underwriting, syndication, and fronting commitments in our capital markets business. Our investments and financial instruments are recorded at fair value or at amounts whose carrying values approximate fair value. The valuation of our investments requires significant management judgment or estimation, which may differ materially from the values that would have resulted if readily observable inputs had existed. The ultimate fair value recorded for a particular investment will generally be within a range suggested by the methodologies used, which include market comparables analysis and discounted cash flow analysis. We have access to funding under various credit facilities, other borrowing arrangements, and other sources of liquidity that we have entered into with major financial institutions or which we receive from the capital markets. The agreements governing our active investment funds generally require the general partners of the funds to make minimum capital commitments to such funds. We may incur contingent liabilities for claims that may be made against us in the future, and we enter into contracts that contain a variety of representations, warranties, and covenants, including indemnifications. We have also provided certain guarantees for fraud, willful misconduct, bankruptcy, and other customary wrongful acts in connection with certain investment vehicles. The declaration and payment of dividends to our class A common stockholders will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors, and our dividend policy may be changed at any time.