For an overview of our business, we focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our overall gross margin percentage increased to 59% for 2018 from 42% for 2017 primarily due to favorable market conditions across key markets combined with strong execution in delivering products featuring advanced technologies, including 1xnm DRAM and 64-layer 3D NAND, enabling manufacturing cost reductions. We periodically assess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment. The effect of the revision was not material for 2016 and reduced depreciation expense at the time by approximately $100 million per quarter. We continue to jointly develop NAND technologies with Intel through the third generation of 3D NAND, which is expected to be completed in the second half of 2019. We announced that we will no longer jointly develop with Intel subsequent generations of 3D XPoint technology. Our R&D expenses were reduced by reimbursements under these development partner arrangements. Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations and financing obtained from capital markets and financial institutions. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months. To develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and R&D. We estimate that capital expenditures in 2019 for property, plant, and equipment, net of partner contributions, to be $10.5 billion plus or minus 5%, focused on technology transitions and product enablement. Our investments consist primarily of money market funds and liquid investment-grade, fixed-income securities, diversified among industries and individual issuers. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. Our management believes the accounting policies below are critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies. Significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of a loss, if any, from such contingencies. We accrue a liability and charge operations for the estimated costs of adjudication or settlement of asserted and unasserted claims existing as of the balance sheet date. Our income tax provision or benefit is dependent, in part, on our ability to forecast future taxable income in these and other jurisdictions. Our income tax rates also include operations outside the United States, including Singapore, where we have tax incentive arrangements that further decrease our effective tax rates. We have interests in entities that are VIEs. Determining whether to consolidate a VIE requires judgment in assessing whether an entity is a VIE and if we are the entity's primary beneficiary. Our assessments of whether we are the primary beneficiary of our VIEs require significant assumptions and judgments. We review the carrying value of property, plant, and equipment for impairment when events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and/or disposition.