In fiscal 2018, we continue to invest significant resources toward advancements primarily in support of 4G- and 5G-based technologies as well as other technologies to extend the demand for our products and generate new or expanded licensing opportunities, including within adjacent industry segments outside traditional cellular industries, such as automotive, the Internet of Things (IoT), and networking. We expect continued growth in consumer demand for 3G/4G multi-mode and 4G products and services and new consumer demand for 5G products and services around the world, driven primarily by smartphones. We also expect growth in new device categories and industries, driven by the expanding adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones by industry segments outside traditional cellular industries, such as automotive, IoT, and networking. To position Qualcomm Technology Licensing (QTL) for stability on a long-term basis, we have announced that our cellular standard-essential patent only licensing terms, including 3G, 4G, and 5G through release 15 for both single mode and multi-mode devices worldwide, will remain at the same rate, consistent with our licensing program established in China for 3G and 4G devices. We expect our business, particularly Qualcomm CDMA Technologies (QCT), to continue to be impacted by industry dynamics, including concentration of device share among a few companies within the premium tier, resulting in significant supply chain leverage for those companies, and exacerbating the negative impact to our business and financial results if any of those companies do not utilize our chipsets. We continue to invest significant resources to develop our wireless baseband chips and our converged computing/communications (Snapdragon) chipsets, which incorporate technologies in areas such as advancements in 4G and 5G, OFDM-based Wi-Fi, RFFE, connectivity, power management, graphics, audio and video codecs, multimedia, artificial intelligence (AI), and virtual/augmented reality, all of which contribute to the expansion of our intellectual property portfolio. We expect initial commercial 5G network deployments and device launches to begin in calendar 2019. We believe that 5G technologies will empower a new era of smartphones and connected devices and will drive transformation across industries beyond traditional cellular communications that will create new business models and new services. We are also investing in targeted opportunities that leverage our existing technical and business expertise to deploy new business models and enter and/or expand into new industry segments and applications. Our QCT segment results in fiscal 2018 were positively impacted by results from our RF360 Holdings joint venture, which was formed in the second quarter of fiscal 2017, and higher demand from OEMs in China. However, QTL results were negatively impacted by our continued dispute with Apple and its contract manufacturers, who are Qualcomm licensees. We did not record any revenues in fiscal 2018 for royalties due on sales of Apple's products. The ongoing rollout of 4G services in emerging regions will encourage competition and growth, bringing the benefits of 3G/4G LTE multi-mode to consumers. We expect that certain companies may continue to be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technology and not welcome the success of our licensing program in enabling new, highly cost-effective competitors to their products.