Consolidated operating income decreased to $3.9 billion in fiscal 2018 compared to operating income of $4.1 billion in fiscal 2017, with operating margin compression primarily driven by higher salaries and benefits related to digital platforms, technology infrastructure, and innovations. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of total net revenues increased primarily due to higher salaries and benefits related to digital platforms, technology infrastructure, and innovations. The restructuring and impairment charges increased to $224 million in fiscal 2018 compared to $154 million in fiscal 2017, primarily related to higher asset impairments associated with the decision to close certain company-operated stores in the U.S. and Canada and higher goodwill impairment charges related to our Switzerland retail reporting unit. Starbucks results for fiscal 2018 reflect the impact of certain restructuring and streamlining efforts to focus on accelerating growth in high-returning businesses and removing non-core, slow growth activities, including the acquisition of our East China joint venture and the conversion of our Singapore, Taiwan, and Brazil operations to licensed models. These efforts span across all segments and corporate functions, and the scope of the arrangement converts the majority of our previously defined channel development segment operations from company-owned to licensed operations with Nestlé. The change from equity method to consolidation method lowered the operating margin of our consolidated and channel development segment, primarily due to incremental depreciation and amortization expenses and lower income from equity investees. The combination of these changes resulted in an overall decrease in operating margin of 280 basis points in fiscal 2018 when compared to fiscal 2017. We expect continued growth through thoughtful long-term investments that create value and reward shareholders, driven by strategic priorities including enhancing the in-store experience, delivering customer-relevant beverage innovation, and expanding our business in China through new store expansion and business partnerships. Capital expenditures in fiscal 2019 are expected to be approximately $2.0 billion, primarily related to our retail portfolio, including investments in our new and existing stores and strategic store-related initiatives. We actively manage our cash and investments to internally fund operating needs, make scheduled interest and principal payments on borrowings, make acquisitions, and return cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our investment portfolio primarily includes highly liquid available-for-sale securities, including corporate debt securities and government treasury securities. The effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 was 21.8% compared to 33.2% for fiscal 2017, primarily due to the gain on the purchase of our East China joint venture that is not subject to income tax and the tax act favorability from the lower corporate income tax rate applied to our fiscal 2018 results. We have historically considered the majority of undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries and equity investees to be indefinitely reinvested, and we continue to evaluate our plans for reinvestment or repatriation of unremitted foreign earnings. Our ability to leverage our balance sheet through the issuance of debt will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses as well as any shareholder distributions for the foreseeable future.