The company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, focused research projects, and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience. The increase in operating income was primarily due to profit on higher sales and, to a lesser extent, the effects of acquisitions and productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases, offset in part by an increase in strategic growth investments. The company's management evaluates segment operating performance using operating income before certain charges/credits to cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses, principally associated with acquisition-related activities; restructuring and other costs/income including costs arising from facility consolidations such as severance and abandoned lease expense and gains and losses from the sale of real estate and product lines; and amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. The increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand at each of the segment's primary businesses, with particular strength from sales of biosciences products and bioprocess production products. The company recorded a provision for income taxes in 2018 including a net provision to adjust the estimated initial effects of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017, consisting of an incremental provision offset in part by a reduction of related unrecognized tax benefits established in 2017. The company also recorded a $71 million charge to establish a valuation allowance against net operating losses that will not be utilized as a result of the planned sale of the anatomical pathology business. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future. The company expects to fund the acquisition of Gatan Inc. with a combination of existing cash balances and short-term borrowings. The company has operations and a taxable presence in approximately 50 countries outside the U.S. The company's ability to obtain a benefit from lower tax rates outside the U.S. is dependent on its relative levels of income in countries outside the U.S. and on the statutory tax rates in those countries. The company has recorded liabilities for known indemnifications included as part of environmental liabilities. The company evaluates goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually and when events occur or circumstances change that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of the asset below its carrying amount. The company uses assumptions and estimates in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. The company estimates the degree to which tax assets and loss carryforwards will result in a benefit, after consideration of all positive and negative evidence, and provides a valuation allowance for tax assets and loss carryforwards that it believes will more likely than not go unused. The company also implemented foreign tax credit planning in Sweden which resulted in foreign tax credits, with no related incremental U.S. income tax expense. The company recorded a benefit from income taxes in 2016 and continued to implement tax planning initiatives related to non-U.S. subsidiaries. The company's cash flow from operations totaled $4.54 billion compared with $4.01 billion for 2017, with the increase primarily resulting from higher income before amortization and depreciation in the 2018 period, offset in part by higher investment in working capital to support sales growth.