The objectives of our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are to provide users of our consolidated financial statements with a narrative explanation from the perspective of management of our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect future results. Our ability to acquire and retain branded customers is important to our business in the generation of revenues, and we believe our un-carrier strategy, along with ongoing network improvements, has been successful in attracting and retaining customers as evidenced by continued branded customer growth and improved branded postpaid phone and branded prepaid customer churn. The proposed merger with Sprint is expected to enable the rapid launch of a nationwide 5G network, accelerate innovation, and increase competition in the U.S. wireless, video, and broadband industries. The acquisition of Layer3 TV represents an opportunity to acquire a complementary service to our existing wireless service to advance our video strategy. Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses and the construction, expansion, and upgrading of our network infrastructure. We expect cash purchases of property and equipment, including capitalized interest, to be significant in supporting our network transformation, including the build-out of 600 MHz low-band spectrum licenses. The continued build-out of our 4G LTE network and deployment of low-band spectrum and 5G compatible radios are critical for our operational flexibility. Our management believes that the ongoing growth in our customer base is driven by the success of new customer segments and rate plans, alongside lower churn and the optimization of our distribution channels. The positive impact from the new revenue standard is primarily related to commission costs previously recorded as a reduction in equipment revenues now recorded as selling, general and administrative expenses. The strategic resource allocation and operational efficiency are essential in managing our business and assessing financial performance. We utilize adjusted EBITDA as a non-GAAP financial measure to monitor the financial performance of our operations, which is indicative of our ongoing operating performance and trends. Our strategic decisions are influenced by the need to adapt to market dynamics and competitive actions, ensuring that we leverage our IT capabilities effectively to support business needs and enhance operational efficiency. The integration of technology resources into our business processes is vital for maintaining competitive advantage and ensuring the reliability and accuracy of information management. The management of our IT architecture and governance is critical in supporting our operational goals and enhancing our organizational capabilities. The ongoing transformation of our business processes, driven by digital technologies and innovation partnerships, is fundamental to our strategy for achieving performance excellence and creating business value.