We invest in manufacturing technologies and do most of our manufacturing in-house. This strategic decision to directly control our manufacturing helps ensure a consistent supply of products for our customers and also allows us to invest in technology that differentiates the features of our products. Our strategic focus, and where we invest the majority of our resources, is on analog and embedded processing, with a particular emphasis on designing and selling those products into the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best growth opportunities. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. Our strategy is to return all free cash flow to shareholders. The combined effect of these sustainable competitive advantages is that over time we have gained market share in analog and embedded processing and have grown free cash flow. Our business model puts us in a unique class of companies with the ability to grow, generate cash and return that cash to shareholders. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. Our revenue and gross profit are affected by changes in demand for higher-priced or lower-priced products, which we refer to as changes in the "mix" of products shipped. Because we own much of our manufacturing capacity, a significant portion of our operating cost is fixed. When factory loadings decrease, our fixed costs are spread over reduced output and, absent other circumstances, our profit margins decrease. Conversely, as factory loadings increase, our fixed costs are spread over increased output and, absent other circumstances, our profit margins increase. Our cash flows from operating activities for 2018 were $7.19 billion, an increase of $1.83 billion from 2017. This increase was due to higher net income, which benefited from a lower effective tax rate. We had sales of short-term investments, net of purchases, that provided cash proceeds of $1.07 billion compared with purchases of short-term investments, net of sales, that used cash of $460 million in 2017. We received $9 million from asset sales compared with $40 million in 2017. In 2018, we received net proceeds of $1.50 billion from the issuance of fixed-rate, long-term debt and retired maturing debt of $500 million. Our dividends represented 42 percent of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability. Our effective tax rate, which includes discrete tax items, was 17 percent in 2018 compared with 39 percent in 2017. Our judgment regarding future recoverability of our deferred tax assets based on these criteria may change due to various factors, including changes in U.S. or international tax laws and changes in market conditions and their impact on our assessment of taxable income in future periods. Our accounting policies are more fully described in note 2 of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that free cash flow and the associated ratios provide insight into our liquidity, our cash-generating capability and the amount of cash potentially available to return to shareholders, as well as insight into our financial performance. We consider the following accounting policies to be those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and that require a higher degree of judgment.