We are a global market leader in the design, development, manufacture, sale, service, and support of commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. Our BDS strategy is to leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets, underscored by an intense focus on growth and productivity. The commercial jet airplane market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive, with market liberalization enabling low-cost airlines to gain market share, increasing pressure on airfares and resulting in continued cost pressures for all airlines and price pressure on our products. Major productivity gains are essential to ensure a favorable market position at acceptable profit margins. We are focused on improving our products and services and continuing our cost-reduction efforts, which enhances our ability to compete. Our BGS revenues increased due to growth across our services portfolio, primarily driven by higher parts revenue, including the acquisition of KLX Inc. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. The defense environment overview indicates that the U.S. government defense environment is subject to budget uncertainties, which could restrict the execution of certain program activities and delay new programs or competitions. Our BDS business includes a variety of development programs that have complex design and technical challenges, with many programs contracted on a fixed-price basis. The technical complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended, which could trigger termination provisions, order cancellations, or other financially significant exposure. We continue to monitor the potential for any disruption and adverse revenue and/or cost impacts that may result from geopolitical economic developments. Our total backlog represents the estimated transaction prices on unsatisfied and partially satisfied performance obligations to our customers, where we believe it is probable that we will collect the consideration due. The determination of the accounting quantity is limited by the ability to make reasonably dependable estimates of the revenue and cost of existing and anticipated contracts. We employ a rigorous estimating process that is reviewed and updated on a quarterly basis. Changes in estimates could result in recognition of cumulative catch-up adjustments to the performance obligation's inception to date revenues, cost of sales, and profit, in the period in which such changes are made. The introduction of new aircraft and derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, production, and certification schedules. We are focused on taking actions to ensure that Boeing is not harmed by unfair subsidization of competitors. The competitive landscape requires us to continuously innovate and optimize our processes, leveraging technology capabilities to enhance operational efficiency and business value.