Our mission is to help people experience the world. We aim to achieve our mission through global leadership in online travel and restaurant reservation and related services by providing platforms, tools, and insights to our business partners to help them be successful. We operate six primary brands, including booking.com, which is the world's leading brand for booking online accommodation reservations. Our business is driven primarily by international results, which consist of the results of booking.com, agoda, and rentalcars.com. We believe this growth is the result of the continued innovation and execution by our teams around the world to increase the number and the variety of accommodations we offer our travelers, improve content, build distribution, and enhance the consumer experience on our online platforms. We believe that continuing to expand the number and variety of accommodations available through our services will help us to continue to grow our accommodation reservation business. As part of our strategy to provide more payment options to our customers and travel service providers, booking.com is increasingly processing transactions on a merchant basis, allowing it to process transactions for travel service providers and to increase its ability to offer secure and flexible transaction terms to consumers. We compete globally with both online and traditional providers of travel and restaurant reservation services, and the markets for the services we offer are intensely competitive, constantly evolving, and subject to rapid change. We have experienced a significant shift of both direct and indirect business to mobile platforms, and our advertising partners are also seeing a rapid shift of traffic to mobile platforms. Our performance marketing expenses consist primarily of the costs of search engine keyword purchases, referrals from meta-search and travel research websites, and other performance-based marketing and incentives. We rely on performance marketing channels to generate a significant amount of traffic to our websites. Our information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, data communications, and other expenses associated with operating our services. Information technology expenses increased during the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to the year ended December 31, 2017, due primarily to increased software fees and data center and cloud costs. We have observed increased brand marketing by online travel companies, meta-search services, and travel service providers, which may make our brand marketing efforts more expensive and less effective. Our international business represents the substantial majority of our financial results, and we expect our operating results and other financial metrics to continue to be largely driven by international performance. We believe that the opportunity to continue to grow our business exists for the markets in which we operate. Our growth has primarily been generated by our worldwide accommodation reservation service brand, booking.com, which has been due, in part, to the availability of a large and growing number of instantly bookable properties. We believe that providing an extensive collection of properties, excellent customer service, and an intuitive, easy-to-use consumer experience are important factors influencing a consumer's decision to make a reservation. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins.