Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. There are essentially no centralized or integrated business functions and there is minimal involvement by our corporate headquarters in the day-to-day business activities of the operating businesses. Our management views our insurance businesses as possessing two distinct activities—underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers, while investing decisions are the responsibility of Berkshire's chairman and CEO, Warren E. Buffett, and Berkshire's corporate investment managers. Accordingly, we evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains/losses. We consider investment income as a component of our aggregate insurance operating results. However, we consider investment gains and losses, whether realized or unrealized, as non-operating, based on our long-held philosophy of acquiring securities and holding those securities for long periods. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. Changes in estimates for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, including amounts established for occurrences in prior years, can also significantly affect our periodic underwriting results. We engage in both primary insurance and reinsurance of property/casualty, life, and health risks. In primary insurance activities, we assume defined portions of the risks of loss from persons or organizations that are directly subject to the risks. In reinsurance activities, we assume defined portions of similar or dissimilar risks that other insurers or reinsurers have subjected themselves to in their own insuring activities. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are Geico, Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group (BHRG), and Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group. We believe that investment and derivative gains/losses, whether realized from dispositions or unrealized from changes in market prices of equity securities, are generally meaningless in understanding our reported results or evaluating the economic performance of our businesses. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated reinsurance liabilities of our U.S.-based insurance subsidiaries due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We utilize a variety of actuarial methodologies to establish unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. Certain methodologies, such as paid and incurred loss development techniques, incurred and paid loss Bornhuetter-Ferguson techniques, and frequency and severity techniques, are utilized, as well as ground-up techniques when appropriate. The critical processes involved in estimating unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses include the establishment of case liability estimates, the determination of expected loss ratios and loss reporting patterns, which drive IBNR liability estimates, and the comparison of reported activity to the expected loss reporting patterns. Our consolidated balance sheet continues to reflect significant liquidity and a strong capital base. Berkshire's common stock repurchase program was amended on July 17, 2018, permitting Berkshire to repurchase its Class A and Class B shares at prices below Berkshire's intrinsic value. The program allows share repurchases in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions and does not specify a maximum number of shares to be repurchased. We will not repurchase our stock if it reduces the total amount of Berkshire's consolidated cash, cash equivalents, and U.S. Treasury bills holdings below $20 billion. Financial strength and redundant liquidity will always be of paramount importance at Berkshire.