The following discussion and analysis provides information management believes to be relevant to understanding the financial condition and results of operations of Boston Scientific Corporation and its subsidiaries. Our endoscopy business develops and manufactures devices to diagnose and treat a broad range of gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions with innovative, less invasive technologies. Our operational net sales growth rates, which exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, reflect the effectiveness of our operational strategies and investments in technology capabilities. We remain committed to advancing medical technologies and investing in meaningful research and development projects across our businesses, which underscores our focus on business innovation and transformation. Our targeted initiatives focused on reducing selling, general and administrative expenses include end-to-end business process streamlining and automation, including functional expansion of global shared service and robotic process utilization. This strategic resource allocation enhances our operational efficiency and supports our capability to respond to changing market dynamics. The growth in our emerging markets net sales, which represented 11 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2018, demonstrates our ability to leverage technology resources and capitalize on investment opportunities in regions with strong growth potential. We have increased our investment in infrastructure in these countries to maximize opportunities, reflecting our commitment to resource mobilization and market agility. Our research and development expenses increased as a result of investments across our businesses to maintain a pipeline of new products that we believe will contribute to profitable sales growth, aligning with our strategic management practices. The integration of our neuromodulation business, which develops and manufactures devices to treat various neurological movement disorders, illustrates our focus on enhancing organizational capabilities and operational flexibility. We assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control process includes policies and procedures that provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets. We have made cumulative cash payments in association with our restructuring plan, which is expected to reduce gross annual pre-tax operating expenses by approximately $100 million to $150 million by the end of 2022, demonstrating our commitment to process optimization and efficiency. Our liquidity plans are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including macroeconomic conditions and adverse litigation outcomes, which could limit our ability to successfully execute our business plans and adversely affect our liquidity plans. The strategic decisions we make regarding our technology portfolio and investment choices are critical to our ability to sustain competitive advantage and enhance firm performance.