The results of operations of our reportable business segments are affected by competition, as all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services, and entertainment, news and information products and services to consumers. Technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape and challenging existing business models. In particular, consumers are increasingly turning to online sources for viewing and purchasing content, which has and likely will continue to reduce the number of our video customers and subscribers to our cable networks even as it makes our high-speed internet services more valuable to consumers. The increasing number of entertainment choices available has intensified audience fragmentation, which has and likely will continue to adversely affect the audience ratings of our cable networks and broadcast television programming. We continue to invest in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity and have increased investments in line extensions, primarily for the expansion of our business services. Our cable communications segment generates revenue primarily from residential and business customers that subscribe to our cable services, which we market individually and as bundled services. We believe our customer base will continue to grow as consumers choose our high-speed internet service and seek higher-speed offerings. We are also deploying wireless gateways to improve the performance of multiple IP-enabled devices used at the same time within the home, provide faster internet speeds, and create an in-home Wi-Fi network. We believe that the increases in the number of business customers are primarily the result of our efforts to gain market share from competitors by offering competitive services and pricing. Our cable communications segment operating margin was 40.7%, 39.7%, and 39.6% in 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. We will continue to focus on growing our higher-margin businesses, particularly residential high-speed internet and business services, and on overall operating cost management. Our cable communications segment offers a variety of products and services to businesses, including high-speed internet services, voice and video services, and advanced voice services, along with video solutions that serve hotels and other large venues. We have expanded our enterprise service offerings to include a software-defined networking product for our medium-sized and enterprise customers. We expect that the contribution to our growth rate from medium-sized and enterprise customers will increase relative to that of our small-business customers as small business service matures. We believe our x1 platform helps us compete more effectively against competition and have continued to employ sales and marketing programs, such as promotions, bundled service offerings, and service offerings targeted at specific market segments. Our investments in technology, including the continued deployment of our x1 platform, cloud DVR technology, and wireless gateways, are aimed at enhancing our service offerings and improving operational efficiency. The adoption of updated accounting guidance related to revenue recognition reflects our commitment to align our financial practices with evolving market dynamics and consumer behaviors.