We are a leading global provider of financial services technology, offering account processing systems, electronic payments processing products and services, internet and mobile banking systems, and related services. Our operations are comprised of the payments segment and the financial institution services segment, which provide essential services necessary for our clients to operate their businesses. The market for products and services offered by financial institutions continues to evolve rapidly, with traditional financial institutions and other market entrants regularly introducing new payment, deposit, risk management, lending, and investment products. This evolution is driving heightened interest in solutions that help financial institutions win and retain customers, generate incremental revenue, comply with regulations, and enhance operating efficiency. We expect that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, maintain regulatory compliance, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. Our strategic initiatives include enhancing the overall value of our existing client relationships, improving operational effectiveness, and differentiating our products and services through innovation. We anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions, including electronic transactions through digital channels, will continue to increase, creating revenue opportunities for us. The integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients by providing new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. We believe that economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure, technology, products, services, and networks necessary to be competitive in such an environment are essential to justify these investments. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has also reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We continue to implement a series of strategic initiatives to move money and information in a way that moves the world, with key enterprise priorities including building high-quality revenue, enhancing client relationships with an emphasis on digital and payment solutions, and delivering innovation and integration that enables differentiated value for our clients. The evolving regulatory and cybersecurity landscape has created a challenging operating environment for financial institutions, necessitating ongoing investment in technology and innovation to remain competitive. We expect to devote significant resources to completing the First Data merger and integrating First Data into our operations, which is anticipated to enhance our technology capabilities and expand our service offerings. Our acquisitions have deepened our presence in various segments and broadened our client reach, enabling us to provide new solutions that enhance the value proposition for our existing clients. The focus on digital channels by both financial institutions and their customers continues to elevate the data and transaction processing needs of financial institutions, reinforcing the importance of our IT capabilities in supporting business strategies and enhancing operational efficiency.