During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, we have had a comprehensive reassessment of the business, established a new leadership team, and worked with that team to develop action plans to improve performance, improve in-stocks and drive a better customer experience. We have sharpened our focus on retail fundamentals, aligned our leadership team to improve our decision-making and execution, and aligned our portfolio to concentrate on our core home improvement business. The 2018 strategic reassessment of the business was part of our focus to build a sustainable foundation to position the company for long-term success. We intend to transform our supply chain to enhance the overall customer experience by advancing our fulfillment and delivery capabilities, and delivering operational excellence. We want to serve customers the way they want to be served. To deliver operational efficiency, we intend to focus on simplifying store operations and work to improve our in-stock execution to better capitalize on the traffic we are driving to both our stores and online. Overall, we are making progress in our business. We are beginning to see positive results from merchandising pilots and improvement in performance in key categories, such as paint, and are leveraging our improved reset process to better position us for the spring selling season. We continue to see strong customer response to craftsman® with market share gains in each product category since introducing the brand. We are also seeing positive results from our investment in job lot quantities to better meet the needs of the pro customer. Our capital expenditures generally consist of investments in our strategic initiatives to enhance our ability to serve customers, existing stores, and expansion plans. Capital expenditures were $1.2 billion in 2018, with allocations aimed at improving customers' experience and driving improved performance in the near and long term. Our strategic initiatives include investments related to technology management aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and customer engagement. We believe that our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund our operations and investments to grow our business, repay our debt as it becomes due, pay dividends, and fund our share repurchases over the next 12 months. The company has made significant investments in technology resources to support business strategies and work processes, which are essential for transforming the firm into a competitive force. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. We have rationalized our store inventory to remove clutter and reduce lower-performing inventory, and we are now investing in top-selling items in job lot quantities for our pro customer. We are committed to delivering the right home improvement products, with the best service and value, across every channel and community we serve, which underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The strategic reassessment and focus on IT capabilities are critical as we navigate market dynamics and competitive pressures, ensuring that we remain responsive to consumer demands and operational challenges.