Our company and our businesses starting with a focus on PC graphics, NVIDIA invented the GPU to solve some of the most complex problems in computer science. We have extended our focus in recent years to the revolutionary field of AI. Fueled by the sustained demand for better 3D graphics and the scale of the gaming market, NVIDIA has evolved the GPU into a computer brain at the intersection of VR, HPC, and AI. Our GPU product brands are aimed at specialized markets including GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla and DGX for AI data scientists and big data researchers; and GRID for cloud-based visual computing users. Our Tegra brand integrates an entire computer onto a single chip, incorporating GPUs and multi-core CPUs to drive supercomputing for autonomous robots, drones, and cars, as well as for game consoles and mobile gaming and entertainment devices. During fiscal year 2019, we announced NVIDIA RTX - a computer graphics technology using our Turing architecture that produces movie-quality images in real time using ray tracing and AI. For our professional visualization platform, we announced the Quadro GV100 GPU with RTX technology, making real-time ray tracing possible on professional design and content creation applications. We also unveiled the Quadro RTX series, designed to revolutionize the workflow of designers and artists on the desktop. In addition, we introduced RAPIDS, an open-source GPU-acceleration platform for data science and machine learning, launched the NVIDIA T4 cloud GPU and NVIDIA TensorRT hyperscale inference platform for advanced acceleration in hyperscale datacenters, and announced GPU acceleration for Kubernetes to facilitate enterprise inference deployment on multi-cloud GPU clusters. Our Tegra processor business revenue was driven by an increase of over 15% in automotive revenue, primarily from infotainment modules, production drive PX platforms, and development agreements with automotive companies. We believe that customers across broad-based vertical markets and geographies became increasingly cautious due to economic uncertainty, and a number of datacenter deals did not close. While we believe the pause is temporary, our visibility remains relatively low and we do not expect a meaningful recovery in the datacenter market until later in fiscal year 2020. Our overall gross margin was 61.2%, reflecting our continued shift toward higher-value platforms, which more than offset the impact of charges for excess DRAM and other components. Research and development expenses increased by 32% in fiscal year 2019 compared to fiscal year 2018, driven primarily by employee additions and increases in employee compensation and other related costs, including infrastructure costs and stock-based compensation expense. Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment types and credit exposures, and certain limits on our portfolio duration. As a result of the TCJA, substantially all of our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities held outside of the United States as of January 27, 2019, are available for use in the United States without incurring additional U.S. federal income taxes. We intend to return the remaining $2.30 billion of the $3.00 billion to shareholders by the end of fiscal year 2020 through a combination of share repurchases and cash dividends. Our liquidity is supported by cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated by our operations, which will be sufficient to meet our operating requirements for at least the next twelve months.