The company expands the product lines and services it offers by developing and commercializing its own technologies and by making strategic acquisitions of complementary businesses. The company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, focused research projects, and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience. The increase in operating income was primarily due to profit on higher sales and, to a lesser extent, the effects of acquisitions and productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases, offset in part by an increase in strategic growth investments, unfavorable sales mix, and amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, due to recent acquisitions. The company evaluates segment operating performance using operating income before certain charges/credits to cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses, principally associated with acquisition-related activities; restructuring and other costs/income including costs arising from facility consolidations such as severance and abandoned lease expense and gains and losses from the sale of real estate and product lines; and amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. The company uses this measure because it helps management understand and evaluate the segments' core operating results and facilitate comparison of performance for determining compensation. The increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand at each of the segment's primary businesses, with particular strength from sales of biosciences products and bioprocess production products. The increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand in each of the segment's primary businesses. The increase in operating margin resulted primarily from profit on higher sales and productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases. The increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand for products sold through the segment's healthcare market channel as well as clinical diagnostics products and immunodiagnostics products. The increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand for products sold through the segment's channel business and, to a lesser extent, laboratory equipment and consumables. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future. The company has operations and a taxable presence in approximately 50 countries outside the U.S. The company's ability to obtain a benefit from lower tax rates outside the U.S. is dependent on its relative levels of income in countries outside the U.S. and on the statutory tax rates in those countries. The company also recorded a provision for income taxes in 2018 including a net provision to adjust the estimated initial effects of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017, consisting of an incremental provision offset in part by a reduction of related unrecognized tax benefits established in 2017. The company expects its effective tax rate in 2019 will be between 7% and 10% based on currently forecasted rates of profitability in the countries in which the company conducts business and expected generation of foreign tax credits. The company recorded a provision for income taxes in 2017 principally due to a net provision from the effects of the tax act consisting primarily of a one-time transition tax on deemed repatriated earnings and profits of foreign subsidiaries. The company also implemented foreign tax credit planning which resulted in foreign tax credits, with no related incremental U.S. income tax expense.