We invest in manufacturing technologies and do most of our manufacturing in-house. This strategic decision to directly control our manufacturing helps ensure a consistent supply of products for our customers and also allows us to invest in technology that differentiates the features of our products. Our strategic focus, and where we invest the majority of our resources, is on analog and embedded processing, with a particular emphasis on designing and selling those products into the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best growth opportunities. Our business model puts us in a unique class of companies with the ability to grow, generate cash and return that cash to shareholders. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. Our cash flow from operations of $7.19 billion underscored the strength of our business model. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. We focus on analog and embedded processing because these products serve highly diverse markets with thousands of applications and have long-term growth opportunities. Our gross margin of 65.1 percent reflected the quality of our product portfolio, as well as the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy, including the benefit of 300-millimeter analog production. The combined effect of these sustainable competitive advantages is that over time we have gained market share in analog and embedded processing and have grown free cash flow. Our strategic decisions are aimed at leveraging our capabilities to enhance operational efficiency and market responsiveness. Our business model is designed around sustainable competitive advantages that we believe, in combination, put us in a unique class of companies. We invest more than $1 billion each year to develop new products for our portfolio, which includes tens of thousands of products. Our web presence, combined with our global sales force that is also greater in size than those of our competitors, are advantages that give us unique access to about 100,000 customers designing our semiconductors into their end products. Our strategic focus on analog and embedded processing products sold into industrial and automotive markets provides long product life cycles, intrinsic diversity and less capital-intensive manufacturing, which we believe offer stability, profitability and strong cash generation. We also believe that free cash flow will be valued only if it is productively invested in the business or returned to shareholders. Our strategy is to return all free cash flow to shareholders. Our dividends represented 42 percent of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability. We have focused on creating a competitive manufacturing cost advantage by investing in our advanced analog 300-millimeter capacity, which has about a 40 percent cost advantage per unpackaged chip over 200-millimeter. Our strategic decisions reflect a commitment to enhancing our IT capabilities and leveraging technology resources to support business needs and drive performance improvements.