The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. We entered 2018 with network congestion on key routes and terminals, compounded by high freight car inventory levels that negatively impacted operational performance during the first half of the year. On October 1, 2018, we began implementation of the first phase of our unified plan 2020, which included several initiatives focused on increasing reliability of our service product, reducing variability in network operations, and improving resource utilization costs. As a result, network operations improved significantly as we progressed throughout the fourth quarter. We reduced our active locomotive fleet by 625 locomotives and reduced operating car inventory by more than 10% compared to September 30, 2018, while handling relatively similar volume levels. We will continue using and expanding the deployment of total safety culture and courage to care throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. We will continue to implement our G55+0 and unified plan 2020 initiatives to further increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource utilization. We expect full implementation of all phases of the unified plan 2020 by mid-2019. Beyond the initial implementation of unified plan 2020, we will continue to evaluate the entire network and make further changes as warranted. Our capital plan in 2019 is expected to be approximately $3.2 billion, flat compared to 2018. The plan includes expenditures to renew and improve our existing infrastructure as well as new capacity investments designed to support future business growth and operational efficiency. Significant investments will be made for locomotive modernization and freight cars. Our annual capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan. We expect our plan will enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency by adding or improving facilities and track, and make investments that meet customer demand and take advantage of opportunities for long-term growth. We believe that our adjusted results provide relevant information to our investors as they more accurately reflect ongoing financial performance. Economic conditions in many of our market sectors continue to drive uncertainty with respect to our volume levels. Although we expect volume to grow in the low single-digit range in 2019 compared to 2018, uncertainties in energy markets and prices, consumer purchases, inflation, and both domestic and international economies will have an impact. In the current environment, we expect continued margin improvement driven by continued pricing opportunities, ongoing G55+0 productivity initiatives, and full implementation of our unified plan 2020 to better leverage our resources and strengthen our franchise. Our operating ratio increased 0.9 points to 62.7% in 2018 compared to 2017. Core pricing gains and volume growth, mostly offset by excess network costs, higher fuel prices, and inflation, drove 0.1 point of operating ratio improvement. Our operating ratio improved 1.9 points to 61.8% in 2017 compared to 2016. We will continue to balance investment in our network infrastructure and terminal capacity as appropriate, including new capacity investments designed to support future business growth and operational efficiency.