We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our business is focused on developing and commercializing therapies for the treatment of cystic fibrosis and advancing our research and development programs in other serious diseases. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. We collaborate with biopharmaceutical and technology companies, leading academic research institutions, government laboratories, foundations, and other organizations as needed to advance research in our areas of therapeutic interest and to access technologies needed to execute on our strategy. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates and expenses related to certain technology that we acquire or license through business development transactions. We maintain a substantial investment in research activities, and our research expenses have been affected by research expenses associated with our business development activities. We expect to continue investing in our research programs and fostering scientific innovation in order to identify and develop transformative medicines. The successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. Our investments in drug candidates are subject to considerable risks, and we cannot make a meaningful estimate when, if ever, our other clinical development programs will generate revenues and cash flows. We have entered into collaborations with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies in order to acquire rights or to license drug candidates or technologies that enhance our pipeline and/or our research capabilities. We expect our total cost of sales will increase due to expected increases in our cystic fibrosis net product revenues. Our total revenues increased primarily due to an increase in cystic fibrosis net product revenues, partially offset by one-time collaborative revenues recorded in the previous year. We expect our cystic fibrosis net product revenues to continue to increase due to full-year revenues from symdeko/symkevi and further cystic fibrosis net product revenue growth will be dependent on if, and when, we are able to obtain approval to market a triple combination regimen for patients with cystic fibrosis. Our marketing of pharmaceutical products is subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations, and we have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent, and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems. We dedicate substantial management and other resources in order to obtain and maintain appropriate levels of reimbursement for our products from third-party payors. Our collaborative and royalty revenues have historically fluctuated significantly from one period to another and may continue to fluctuate in the future. We will continue to manage our capital structure and will consider all financing opportunities that could strengthen our long-term liquidity profile. The adequacy of our available funds to meet our future operating and capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the amounts of future revenues generated by cystic fibrosis products and the potential introduction of one or more of our other drug candidates to the market.