This section and other parts of this annual report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The company believes that focused investments in research and development are critical to its future growth and competitive position in the marketplace and are directly related to timely development of new and updated products that are central to the company’s core business strategy. The company’s reportable operating segments are managed separately to better align with the location of the company’s customers and distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic region. The company anticipates that cash used for future dividends, the share repurchase program, and debt repayments will come from its current domestic cash, cash generated from ongoing U.S. operating activities, and from borrowings. The company’s cash generated from operating activities was a result of net income, non-cash adjustments to net income, and an increase in the net change in operating assets and liabilities. The company’s existing balances of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities are believed to be sufficient to satisfy its working capital needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments, and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations over the next 12 months. The company’s capital expenditures are anticipated to include product tooling and manufacturing process equipment, data centers, corporate facilities and infrastructure, and retail store facilities. The company’s ability to manage product quality and warranty costs effectively and to stimulate demand for certain of its products is crucial for maintaining operational continuity and organizational effectiveness. The company regularly reviews its investment portfolio to determine if any security is other-than-temporarily impaired, which would require the company to record an impairment charge. The company’s assessment on whether a security is other-than-temporarily impaired could change in the future due to new developments or changes in assumptions related to any particular security, which would have an adverse impact on the company’s operating results. The industries in which the company competes are subject to a rapid and unpredictable pace of product and component obsolescence and demand changes. The company may be required to record additional write-downs of inventory and/or manufacturing-related assets under certain circumstances, which would adversely affect the company’s financial condition and operating results. The company’s other off-balance sheet obligations are comprised of commitments to acquire capital assets, including product tooling and manufacturing process equipment, and commitments related to inventory prepayments, advertising, licensing, research and development, internet and telecommunications services, energy, and other obligations. The company’s critical accounting policies and estimates are those related to revenue recognition, valuation and impairment of marketable securities, inventory valuation, and valuation of manufacturing-related assets. The company believes it is more likely than not that forecasted income, including income that may be generated as a result of certain tax planning strategies, will be sufficient to fully recover the deferred tax assets. The company’s future gross margins can be impacted by multiple factors, including industry-wide global product pricing pressures, increased competition, and potential increases in the cost of components. The company’s management considers the likelihood of adverse outcomes from legal proceedings and claims brought against the company to be remote, but recognizes that significant uncertainty remains.