Employers around the world rely on us for cloud-based solutions and services to help manage their most important asset - their people. Our commitment to service excellence lies at the core of our relationship with each of our clients. We believe our success in human capital management requires deep expertise and outstanding service to help our clients not just manage their employees, but build better workforces. Our strategic pillars are predicated on our ability to drive innovation and service excellence, and attract, build, and retain the right talent to position ADP as the global market leader in HCM services. Our increased focus on product development, the high demand for additional HCM solutions, including products that assist businesses in complying with the Affordable Care Act, improved productivity, and an improving economic backdrop in the United States led our salesforce to deliver exceptionally strong new business bookings. We are pleased with the financial performance of our business segments which have driven solid organic revenue growth and pretax margin expansion. Revenue retention remains at record levels, and we continue to benefit from the strength of the pays per control in our client base. Our business model has a high percentage of recurring revenues with strong client retention, good margins, and the ability to generate consistent, healthy cash flows. We continue to enhance value to our shareholders and have paid dividends and returned cash through our share buyback program. Our financial condition and balance sheet remain solid, with cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of $1.7 billion. We invest our funds held for clients in accordance with prudent and conservative investment guidelines, where the safety of principal, liquidity, and diversification are the foremost objectives of our investment strategy. Our client funds investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments. We have successfully borrowed through the use of our commercial paper program on an as-needed basis to meet short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. We believe that we currently meet all conditions set forth in the revolving credit agreements to borrow thereunder. Our investment portfolio does not contain any asset-backed securities with underlying collateral of subprime mortgages or non-investment grade fixed-income securities. We utilize a strategy by which we extend the maturities of our investment portfolio for funds held for clients and employ short-term financing arrangements to satisfy our short-term funding requirements. We have a strong business model with the ability to generate consistent cash flows and low capital expenditure requirements. Our worldwide client revenue retention rate remained strong, and we continue to experience growth in our employer services and PEO services segments. The increase in revenues was due to new business started during the year from new business bookings growth and an increase in the number of employees on our clients' payrolls. Overall margin increased as our operating costs related to servicing our clients increased at a slower rate than our revenues, partially offset by an increase in selling expenses due to higher new business bookings. We have successfully maintained the required level of client funds assets to satisfy all of our obligations, and we believe we have significantly reduced the risk of not having sufficient funds to satisfy our client funds obligations by consistently maintaining access to other sources of liquidity.