The discussion in our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations indicates that we are undergoing a business model transition, which entails both a technological shift and a business model shift. This transition is designed to provide our customers with more flexibility in how they use our products and service offerings and to address new types of customers such as project-based users and small businesses. We believe that our move to the new model increases the number of potential markets for Autodesk and helps address complex challenges such as globalization, urbanization, and sustainable design. Our strategy includes improving our product functionality and expanding our product offerings through internal development as well as through the acquisition of products, technology, and businesses. We continually review these trade-offs in making decisions regarding acquisitions, which can increase the speed at which we can deliver product functionality to our customers. However, these acquisitions entail cost and integration challenges and may negatively impact our operating margins. 

Our strategy is to lead the industries we serve to cloud-based technologies and business models, which requires operational flexibility and adaptability to changing market conditions. The restructuring plan to reduce headcount and consolidate certain facilities is aimed at accelerating our move to the cloud and aligning resources with the company's needs going forward. We expect this business model transition to expand our customer base by eliminating higher up-front licensing costs and providing more flexibility in how customers gain access to and pay for our products. 

We are committed to helping our customers address the challenges they face and take advantage of new opportunities. Our ability to bring advanced technology to mainstream markets and the breadth and depth of our product portfolio are competitive advantages that enable us to address a wide variety of problems in ways that transcend industry and disciplinary boundaries. The increase in our global penetration, particularly in emerging economies, represents a significant opportunity, despite the challenges posed by economic volatility and geopolitical risks. 

We believe that our technological leadership and global brand recognition position us well for long-term growth and industry leadership. Our large global network of distributors, resellers, third-party developers, customers, educational institutions, and students provides us with a broad and deep reach into volume markets around the world. We are also focused on customer adoption of our new offerings, which we believe will continue to grow as customers across various industries take advantage of the scalable computing power and flexibility provided through these services. 

Our operational resources and strategic initiatives are designed to enhance organizational resilience, enabling us to maintain positive adjustment under challenging conditions and to absorb strain while preserving or improving functioning despite adversity. The ongoing evaluation of our assumptions, judgments, and estimates is critical to our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and to transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations.