We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokers, agents, and administrators act as intermediaries between insurers and their customers, allowing us to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite the presence of adversity. We have generated positive organic growth in the last nineteen quarterly periods in both our brokerage and risk management segments, demonstrating operational flexibility and resilience in adapting to market conditions. Our acquisition program and integration efforts are meeting our expectations, and we anticipate that our international revenue will continue to grow as a percentage of our total revenues. In 2015, we achieved these results by demonstrating expense discipline and headcount control, continuing to pursue our acquisition strategy, and generating organic growth in our core businesses. Our history of strong new business generation, solid retentions, and enhanced value-added services for our carrier partners should all result in further organic growth opportunities around the world. We believe similar conditions exist as we start the January 1, 2016 renewal season. 

The insurance brokerage industry is not capital intensive, and our capital requirements have primarily included dividend payments, repurchases of our common stock, funding of our investments, acquisitions, and capital expenditures. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. We have historically depended on our ability to generate positive cash flow from operations to meet a substantial portion of our cash requirements. Our cash flows from operating activities are primarily derived from our earnings from operations, as adjusted for realized gains and losses, and our non-cash expenses. 

We have made significant investments in clean energy operations capable of producing refined coal that we believe qualifies for tax credits under IRC section 45. Our current estimate of the 2016 annual after-tax earnings, including IRC section 45 tax credits, which will be produced from all of our clean energy investments is $110.0 million to $124.0 million. The production and sale of refined coal at these plants generate positive cash flow by reducing the amount of federal income taxes we pay, which is offset by the operating expenses of the plants and capital expenditures related to redeployment. 

We plan to relocate our headquarters to the city of Rolling Meadows, Illinois, during early 2017, which we expect will enhance our operational capabilities. We do not anticipate any difficulty meeting the requirements for redevelopment tax incentives from the state of Illinois and property tax incentives from the city of Rolling Meadows, which depend upon our creating and maintaining a minimum number of jobs over certain periods of time. Our strategic initiatives, including our mergers and acquisition strategy in our core brokerage and risk management operations, are designed to enhance our organizational resilience and adaptability in a competitive landscape. 

The fluctuations in premiums charged by property/casualty insurance carriers have a direct and potentially material impact on the insurance brokerage industry. We believe that our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is crucial for maintaining our competitive advantage.