Amgen is committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses by discovering, developing, manufacturing, and delivering innovative human therapeutics. This approach begins by using tools like advanced human genetics to unravel the complexities of disease and understand the fundamentals of human biology. Amgen focuses on areas of high unmet medical need and leverages its biologics manufacturing expertise to strive for solutions that improve health outcomes and dramatically improve people's lives. The company has advanced its strategy by delivering strong financial performance across the business, advancing its innovative pipeline and branded biosimilar programs, and transforming its business to a more focused operating model. These transformation and process improvement efforts have enabled the reallocation of resources to fund many innovative pipeline and growth opportunities. The company continues to innovate with patient- and provider-friendly delivery systems to differentiate its products. Amgen's long-term success depends on its ability to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. The company is also focused on collaborating with innovators and value-creating business development activities to expand its approach to deliver significant impact for patients and advance programs where there remains high unmet medical need. Current global economic conditions pose challenges to Amgen's business, including continued pressure to reduce healthcare expenditures and significant pricing pressures. The company must develop new products over time to offset revenue losses when products lose exclusivity or competing products are launched, as well as to provide for revenue and earnings growth. Amgen devotes considerable resources to R&D activities, although successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain and is confronted by increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after product launches. The company's product sales can be affected by wholesaler and end-user buying patterns, which can cause fluctuations in quarterly product sales. The company has also announced process improvement and transformation initiatives that are enabling it to invest in continuing innovation, expand into new countries, and launch new products while improving its cost structure. This plan includes a restructuring that is delivering cost savings and funding investments, which allows Amgen to reinvest and hire in its strategic areas of focus. The company believes that existing funds, cash generated from operations, and existing sources of and access to financing are adequate to satisfy its needs for working capital, capital expenditure, and debt service requirements, as well as plans to pay dividends and repurchase stock. Amgen's operations are subject to various legal proceedings and other matters, which are complex in nature and have outcomes that are difficult to predict. The company records accruals for loss contingencies when it concludes that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the related loss can be reasonably estimated. The company also reviews the carrying value of its property, plant, and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.