The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment. The company’s strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products and a high level of service on a worldwide basis while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its OEM customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one-to three-year period. The company’s strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing broad diversification, developing performance-enhancing interconnect solutions, expanding global presence, controlling costs, pursuing strategic acquisitions and investments, and fostering collaborative, entrepreneurial management. The company uses cash generated from operations to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends, and reduce indebtedness. The ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of the company’s fundamental financial strengths. As a result, the company has significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments. The company expects that ongoing cash requirements will be funded from these sources; however, the company’s sources of liquidity could be adversely affected by, among other things, a decrease in demand for the company’s products or a deterioration in certain of the company’s financial ratios. Management believes that the company’s cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment position, ability to generate strong cash flow from operations, and availability under its credit facilities will allow it to meet its obligations for the next twelve months. The company may also use cash to fund all or part of the cost of acquisitions. The company’s primary ongoing cash requirements will be for operating and capital expenditures, product development activities, repurchase of its common stock, funding of pension obligations, dividends, and debt service. The company has a history of borrowing funds domestically and has had the ability to borrow funds domestically at reasonable interest rates. The company’s debt financing includes the use of a commercial paper program, revolving credit facilities, and senior notes as part of its overall cash management strategy. The company regularly reviews its optimal mix of short-term and long-term debt and may replace certain amounts of commercial paper, short-term debt, and current maturities of long-term debt with new issuances of long-term debt in the future. The company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that the costs of continuing compliance will not have a material effect on the company’s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The company strives to offset the impact of increases in the cost of raw materials, labor, and services through price increases, productivity improvements, and cost-saving programs. The company attempts to minimize currency exposure risk in a number of ways including producing its products in the same country or region in which the products are sold, thereby generating revenues and incurring expenses in the same currency, cost reduction and pricing actions, and working capital management. The company believes that the long-term asset allocation on average will approximate 60% with equity managers and 40% with fixed income managers. The company has not recognized any goodwill impairment in 2015, 2014, or 2013 in connection with its annual impairment assessment.