The demand for our products has been affected in the past, and is likely to continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including general economic and market conditions in the semiconductor industry and in our target markets, our ability to define specifications for, develop or acquire, complete, introduce and market, new products and technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner, and the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of expected customer orders and our ability to manage inventory. Current uncertainty in global economic conditions, including the economic recovery in the United States and the level of growth in China, still poses significant risks to our business. For example, customers may defer purchases in response to tighter credit and negative financial news, which would in turn negatively affect product demand and our results of operations. We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets and we have a direct sales force focused on supporting large OEMs. We believe our aggregate sales to Apple, Inc., when our direct sales to it are combined with our sales to the contract manufacturers that it utilizes, accounted for more than 20% of our net revenues for fiscal year 2015 and more than 15% for fiscal year 2014. We expect to continue to experience significant customer concentration in future periods. The loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top ten direct or indirect customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We use distributors for a significant portion of our business and recognize revenue upon delivery of product to the distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. We have a diversified and well-established base of thousands of end customers, located throughout the world, which we serve through our multi-channel sales and fulfillment system. Our four reportable segments are wireless communications, enterprise storage, wired infrastructure and industrial & other, which align with our target markets. The increase in gross margin, both in dollars and as a percentage of revenue, for fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014 was due primarily to gross margin contributions from our enterprise storage segment, which we acquired in the LSI acquisition, an improvement in product mix with higher contributions from our FBAR-related wireless products, and a decrease in charges associated with the inventory step-up to fair value related to acquisitions. We expect the dollar amount of research and development expense to increase for the foreseeable future, due to the increasing complexity and number of products we plan to develop. We incurred total restructuring and asset impairment charges primarily due to employee termination costs related to the Emulex and LSI acquisitions. We expect to incur additional restructuring charges in future periods, including as a result of acquisitions that we expect to close or may make in the future. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend on our future cash flows, which are determined by future operating performance and are, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand and cash flows from operations, combined with current borrowing availability, provide sufficient liquidity to fund our current obligations. Our pension plans under which we are obligated to make future contributions to fund benefits to participants represent obligations that will ultimately be settled sometime in the future and therefore are subject to estimation. The projected benefit obligations under these pension plans exceeded the value of the assets of those plans, indicating a need for careful resource management and strategic planning to ensure organizational resilience.