We are a global services company that provides our customers with access to products, insights, and experiences that enrich lives and build business success. Our performance in 2015 reflected both the strength of our business and the headwinds we have been managing throughout the year. The combination of factors resulted in billings and revenue growth rates that were fairly steady throughout the year. We have launched cost initiatives designed to remove $1 billion from our overall cost base by the end of 2017, which we expect will result in restructuring charges in 2016. Our capital position allowed us to return over $5 billion to our shareholders, reflecting our ongoing commitment to using our capital strength to create value. We expect to see strong growth in loans held for investment in 2016, and we continue to believe there are opportunities to increase our share of lending without significantly changing our overall risk profile. Our credit provision was down versus the prior year, as lending write-off rates remained at lower levels. We manage liquidity risk by maintaining access to a diverse set of cash, readily-marketable securities, and contingent sources of liquidity, ensuring we can continuously meet our business requirements and expected future financing obligations for at least a 12-month period. The liquidity risks we are exposed to could arise from a variety of scenarios, and our liquidity management strategy includes maintaining diversified funding sources and projecting cash inflows and outflows under various economic and market scenarios. Our enterprise-wide risk management program defines our risk appetite, governance, culture, and capabilities, and is overseen by our board of directors through several committees. The risk committee reviews our credit risk profile, operational risk trends, and compliance with capital and liquidity standards. We define operational risk as the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems. Our operational risk management framework identifies, measures, monitors, and reports inherent and emerging operational risks. We have implemented an information security framework to protect information and systems from unauthorized access and disruptions. Our compliance risk management program seeks to manage and mitigate compliance risk by assessing, controlling, monitoring, measuring, and reporting regulatory risks. We view protecting our reputation as core to our vision of becoming the world’s most respected service brand. Our strategic and business risk management processes are designed to ensure that strategic decisions align with company policies and are supported by comprehensive risk assessments. We have developed data-driven economic decision logic for customer interactions to better serve our customers. Our ability to grow in the future will depend on several factors, including our success in addressing competitive pressures, implementing strategies, and managing operational and other risks posed by potential staff reductions. We are committed to maintaining a solid and flexible equity capital profile and a diverse set of funding sources to finance our assets and meet operating requirements.