We are impacted by various factors within the economy that affect both our consumer and our industry, including but not limited to fuel costs, unemployment rates, and other economic conditions. Our primary response to fluctuations in the demand for the products we sell is to adjust our advertising message, store staffing, and product assortment. Specifically, during fiscal 2014 and 2015, we have closely studied our hub distribution model and store inventory levels and assortment and performed strategic tests on increased frequency of delivery to our stores and significantly expanding parts assortments in select stores. We believe that as the number of miles driven increases, consumers' vehicles are more likely to need service and maintenance, resulting in an increase in the need for automotive hard parts and maintenance items. Our experience is that at this point in a vehicle's life, most vehicles are not covered by warranties and increased maintenance is needed to keep the vehicle operating. The average age of vehicles on the road is increasing, which we expect will lead to an increase in demand for the products we sell. We have opened 589 new locations from the beginning of fiscal 2013 to August 29, 2015, and we plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors' capacity to factor their receivables from us. We anticipate that we will be able to obtain financing in view of our credit ratings and favorable experiences in the debt markets in the past. Our investments are expected to be directed primarily to new locations, supply chain infrastructure, enhancements to existing locations, and investments in technology. Our capital expenditures have increased by approximately 10%, 6%, and 10% during fiscal 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively, as compared to the prior year. We utilize various methods, including analyses of historical trends and actuarial methods, to estimate the cost to settle reported claims, and claims incurred but not yet reported. Our self-insurance reserve estimates totaled $205.3 million at August 29, 2015, and we believe that the various assumptions developed and actuarial methods used to determine our self-insurance reserves are reasonable. We regularly review our tax reserves for uncertain tax positions and assess the adequacy of the amount we have recorded. Our defined benefit obligation associated with our pension plans is $296.1 million, and our pension assets are valued at $238.8 million, resulting in a net pension obligation of $57.4 million. We have a significant portion of the risks associated with workers' compensation, employee health, general and products liability, property and vehicle liability, and we obtain third-party insurance to limit the exposure related to certain of these risks. Our cash flows from operations are favorable to last year due to the growth in net income and the timing of income tax deductions. We believe the increase in failure-related products is largely due to increased miles driven and favorable weather-related impacts in various regions of the U.S. We have not experienced any fundamental shifts in our category sales mix as compared to previous years, and we did experience a slight increase in the mix of sales of the failure-related categories. The results of operations from our acquisition of Interamerican Motor Corporation (IMC) have been included in our auto parts locations business activities since the date of acquisition, and we expect to grow our share in the aftermarket import car parts market. We believe that our strategic initiatives will enhance our operational flexibility and adaptability to market changes, thereby contributing to our organizational resilience.