Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. Our operating businesses are managed on an unusually decentralized basis. There are essentially no centralized or integrated business functions and there is minimal involvement by our corporate headquarters in the day-to-day business activities of the operating businesses. Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities, and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. A key marketing strategy of our insurance businesses is the maintenance of extraordinary capital strength. This superior capital strength creates opportunities, especially with respect to reinsurance activities, to negotiate and enter into insurance and reinsurance contracts specially designed to meet the unique needs of insurance and reinsurance buyers. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results. The timing and magnitude of catastrophe losses can produce extraordinary volatility in the periodic underwriting results. We define pre-tax catastrophe losses in excess of $100 million from a single event or series of related events as significant. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated reinsurance liabilities of our U.S.-based insurance subsidiaries as a result of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our insurance businesses possess two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers; investing decisions, with limited exceptions, are the responsibility of Berkshire’s chairman and CEO. The business segment data should be read in conjunction with this discussion. The operational improvements in 2015 reflected the capacity added in 2014 and 2015 through capital investments for line expansion, system improvement projects, and additional equipment, other operational initiatives, and more favorable winter weather conditions. We continue to decline business when we believe prices are inadequate. However, we remain prepared to write substantially more business when more appropriate prices can be attained relative to the risks assumed. The overall claim environment over the past three years has been relatively favorable. However, these primary insurers write sizable amounts of liability and workers’ compensation business, which can have extended claim tails. It should not be assumed that the current claim experience or underwriting results will continue into the future. The increases in premiums reflected growth in voluntary auto policies-in-force and rate increases. We believe that increases in miles driven, repair costs, and medical costs, as well as weather conditions contributed to the increases in frequencies and severities. The increases in premiums reflected growth in voluntary auto policies-in-force and rate increases. The comparative declines in earnings in 2015 reflected the adverse impact of the stronger U.S. dollar, partially offset by earnings from bolt-on acquisitions, lower average commodity-based material costs, and actions taken in response to the slowing sales volumes previously referenced. The increase in gross margins was substantially offset by increased depreciation and amortization expense due to increased plant-in-service. The increase in gross margins derived primarily from the regulated electric business, which benefitted from the aforementioned changes in Iowa rates and rate structure and lower fuel and purchased power costs.