We believe that these changes are causing the marketplace to put increased emphasis on the delivery of treatments that can reduce costs, improve efficiencies, and/or increase patient access. We monitor the dynamics of the economy, the healthcare industry, and the markets in which we compete; and we assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency and to better align expenses with revenues, while preserving our ability to make the investments in research and development projects, capital, our people and other programs that we believe are important to drive our growth. We have undertaken various restructuring initiatives in order to enhance our growth potential and position us for long-term success. We expect a substantial portion of the savings to be reinvested in strategic growth initiatives. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in item 1a. risk factors of this annual report, some of which are outside our control. Macroeconomic conditions, adverse litigation outcomes and other risks and uncertainties could limit our ability to successfully execute our business plans and adversely affect our liquidity plans. We are seeking to expand our presence and strengthen relationships in order to grow net sales and market share within our emerging markets, and we have increased our investment in infrastructure in these countries in order to maximize opportunities. Our cash generated from operations continues to be a significant source of funds for investing in our growth, including acquisitions and strategic alliances, managing our contingencies and reducing our debt levels. We believe our investment grade credit profile reflects the size and diversity of our product portfolio, our leading share position in several of our served markets, our strong cash flow, our solid financial fundamentals and our financial strategy. We assess certain litigation and claims to determine the amounts, if any, that management believes will be paid as a result of such claims and litigation and, therefore, additional losses may be accrued and paid in the future, which could materially adversely impact our operating results, cash flows and/or our ability to comply with our debt covenants. We are committed to advancing medical technologies and investing in meaningful research and development projects across our businesses. We are also focused on maintaining a healthy pipeline of new products that we believe will contribute to profitable sales growth. Our restructuring and restructuring-related costs are excluded by management for purposes of evaluating operating performance. We have recorded net litigation-related charges in the amount of $1.105 billion in 2015, which could impact our operational continuity and financial health. We believe that our less-invasive products and technologies generate favorable clinical outcomes, value and cost efficiency. The resources necessary to demonstrate value to our customers, patients, payers, and other stakeholders may be significant and new therapies may take a longer period of time to gain widespread adoption. We have undertaken various strategic initiatives to enhance our operational flexibility and resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptions. Our operational resources and organizational capabilities are designed to adapt to changing market conditions and customer needs, ensuring our performance under pressure and maintaining our organizational effectiveness. We are committed to leveraging our internal knowledge and experience to navigate complex situations and enhance our competitive advantage in turbulent markets.