We continue to focus on executing our system design enablement strategy to deliver the technologies necessary for integrated system and SOC design with an end product in mind. Our future performance depends on our ability to innovate, commercialize newly developed solutions and enhance and maintain our current products. We must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards and meet our customers' increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality and predictability requirements. Our ability to achieve a consistent revenue mix such that approximately 90% of our revenue is recurring in nature may be impacted primarily by delivery of hardware and IP products to our customers. We expect product and maintenance revenue to increase during fiscal 2016 due to increased demand for our new and existing product offerings. Demand for our products and services and, ultimately, our future financial performance, is difficult to predict with any degree of certainty. Accordingly, additional actions, including further restructuring of our operations, may be required in the future. We have initiated various restructuring plans in recent years to better align our resources with our business strategy. The changes in our operating expenses were due to the overall increase in services revenue and in the resources required to meet the demand for our services and IP offerings. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by business levels and the payment terms set forth in our license agreements. The increase in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2015 was primarily due to improved profitability and the timing of cash receipts from customers and disbursements made to vendors. We expect cash flows from operating activities will fluctuate in future periods due to a number of factors, including our operating results, tax payments and the timing of our billings, collections and disbursements. Our investments are made in accordance with our cash investment policy, which governs the amounts and types of investments we hold in our portfolio. We expect that current cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment balances, cash flows that are generated from operations, proceeds from additional domestic borrowings and cash borrowings available under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to meet our domestic and international working capital needs, and other capital and liquidity requirements, including acquisitions, if any, and share repurchases for at least the next 12 months. Our restructuring plans may not achieve the benefits anticipated on the timetable or at the level contemplated. We have identified certain items that management uses as performance indicators to manage our business, including revenue, certain elements of operating expenses and cash flow from operations. The actual timing and amount of repurchases will be subject to business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, acquisition opportunities and other factors. The stock repurchase program may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time, and will be funded by U.S. cash on hand, future U.S. cash flow and additional debt. We maintain a senior unsecured revolving credit facility that provides for borrowings up to $250.0 million, with the right to request increased capacity up to an additional $150.0 million upon the receipt of lender commitments. The credit facility, as amended, expires on September 19, 2019 and currently has no subsidiary guarantors. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from a challenging situation is critical to our organizational resilience.