We are a cable operator providing services in the United States with approximately 6.7 million residential and small and medium business customers. Our business plans include goals for increasing customers and revenue, which necessitate active investments in our network and operations, and improvements in the quality and value of the products and packages offered. We believe that our enhanced product set combined with improved customer service has led to lower customer churn and longer customer lifetimes, allowing us to grow our customer base and revenue more quickly and economically. Our strategy focuses on driving penetration of our triple play offering, which includes video on demand, internet service, and fully-featured voice service. We have simplified our offers and pricing with the objective of bringing more value to new and existing customers than our competitors. We expect to continue to grow revenues by increasing the number of products in our current customer homes, obtaining new customers with our value offering, and reducing churn. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to grow revenues or maintain our margins at recent historical rates. Our total revenue growth was 7% for the year ended December 31, 2015, compared to the corresponding period in 2014, due to growth in our video, internet, and commercial businesses. We have a history of net losses, primarily attributable to insufficient revenue to cover operating expenses, interest expenses, and depreciation expenses resulting from capital investments. Our business requires significant cash to fund principal and interest payments on our debt, and we have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements. We anticipate that our capital expenditures will be driven by growth in residential and commercial customers along with further spending related to product development and transition-related expenditures. Our liquidity and capital resources are evaluated based on our cash position, sources and uses of cash, access to credit facilities, and other financing sources. We believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow, and access to the capital markets to fund our projected operating cash needs. As possible acquisitions, swaps, or dispositions arise in our industry, we actively review them against our objectives, including improving operational efficiency and achieving appropriate return targets. We have established reserves for certain legal contingencies, reflecting management's best estimate of the probable cost of ultimate resolution. The cable industry is capital-intensive, and a large portion of our resources are spent on capital activities associated with extending, rebuilding, and upgrading our cable network. We monitor the appropriateness of our capitalization policies and perform updates to our internal studies on an ongoing basis. We evaluate the recoverability of our property, plant, and equipment upon the occurrence of events indicating that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Our analysis of useful lives did not indicate a change in useful lives for 2015. The increase in programming costs is primarily a result of annual contractual rate adjustments and increased demands by owners of broadcast stations. We have been unable to fully pass these increases on to our customers nor do we expect to be able to do so in the future without a potential loss of customers.