We are a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes, and services diesel and natural gas engines and engine-related component products. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction, and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, Russia, and countries in the Middle East and Africa. Our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or customer or the economy of any single country on our consolidated results. We continue to evaluate our manufacturing facilities and make adjustments as necessary to align with changing demand and drive efficiencies in our business. In response to lower demand for our products in the U.S. and key markets around the world, we executed worldwide workforce restructuring actions primarily in the form of professional voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs. We expect to realize annualized savings from the restructuring actions of approximately $160 million. Our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic, and regulatory matters, including the adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards. The continued international economic weakness negatively impacted our international revenues, which declined by 11 percent with sales down in most of our markets, especially in Brazil and Europe. We incurred a fourth-quarter charge for headcount reductions, which included severance costs related to both voluntary and involuntary terminations. We have long-standing relationships with many leading manufacturers in the markets we serve, which enhances our competitive advantage. Our financial condition and liquidity remain strong, providing us with the financial flexibility needed to fund working capital, common stock repurchases, capital expenditures, dividend payments, acquisitions, projected pension obligations, debt service obligations, and severance payments. We generated significant ongoing cash flow, which has been used to fund working capital and strategic initiatives. Our operations are also impacted by foreign currency fluctuations, which could continue to put pressure on our revenues and earnings. We believe our liquidity provides us with the financial flexibility needed to adapt to changing market conditions and maintain operational continuity. The restructuring actions we have taken are part of our strategic response to external pressures and are intended to enhance our organizational resilience. We will continue to monitor our operational resources and make necessary adjustments to ensure we can effectively respond to future challenges and maintain performance under pressure.