Management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition, focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth, and credit quality metrics. We continue to deliver attractive risk-adjusted returns while investing to improve profitability. Our strategies and actions are designed to deliver and sustain strong returns and capital generation through the acquisition and retention of franchise-enhancing customer relationships across our businesses. We believe that franchise-enhancing customer relationships create and sustain significant long-term value through long and loyal customer relationships and a gradual build in loan balances and revenues over time. We intend to grow these customer relationships by continuing to invest in scalable infrastructure and operating platforms, so that we can meet the heightened risk management expectations facing all banks and deliver a "brand-defining" customer experience that builds and sustains a valuable, long-term customer franchise. We have established governance processes, accountabilities, and risk appetites, which set the foundation for the methods for governing risk-taking and the interactions within and among the lines of defense. The first line of defense is comprised of the business areas that take risk on our behalf and are responsible for identifying, assessing, managing, and controlling that risk. The second line provides oversight of first-line risk-taking and management, while the third line provides independent and objective assurance to senior management and the board of directors that first and second-line risk management and internal control systems are well-designed and working as intended. We recognize that compliance requirements for financial institutions are increasingly complex, and we continuously evaluate the regulatory environment to proactively adjust our compliance risk program. Our credit risk management policies are established to ensure our credit portfolio is resilient to economic downturns, and we continually monitor our portfolio and take steps to collect or work out distressed loans. We seek to mitigate liquidity risk strategically and tactically, maintaining adequate liquidity reserves to cover our funding requirements and potential deposit run-off. Our liquidity reserves consist of readily-marketable or pledgable assets which can be used as a source of liquidity if needed. The chief risk officer, in conjunction with the chief market and liquidity risk officer, is responsible for the establishment of liquidity risk management policies and standards. We recognize that interest rate and foreign exchange risk is inherent in the business of banking, and we employ several techniques to manage these risks, including altering the duration and re-pricing characteristics of our various assets and liabilities through interest rate derivatives. Our risk framework consists of eight key elements, including establishing governance processes and identifying and assessing risks. We have defined risk appetites for each of our eight risk categories, which are approved by our board of directors. The chief risk officer reports to the board of directors regularly on the nature and level of risk across all categories.