We believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and to our merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private label items. Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at the most competitive prices. We do not focus in the short term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" - consistently providing the most competitive values. Our investments in merchandise pricing can, from time to time, include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members. We believe that our gasoline business draws members but it generally has a significantly lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. A decline in gasoline prices has the inverse effect. Our membership format is an integral part of our business model and has a significant effect on our profitability. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. Our financial performance depends heavily on our ability to control costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area historically, some significant costs are partially outside our control, most particularly health care and utility expenses. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and other international operating segments. We also achieve sales growth by opening new warehouses. As our warehouse base grows, available and desirable potential sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. The negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are increasingly less significant relative to the results of our total operations. Our rate of square footage growth is higher in foreign markets, due to the smaller base in those markets, and we expect that to continue. Our online business growth both domestically and internationally has also increased our sales. The increase in comparable sales includes the negative impact of cannibalization, primarily in our other international operations. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities for 2015 when compared to 2014 was primarily due to stronger earnings. Our cash flow used in operations generally consists of payments to our merchandise vendors, warehouse operating costs including payroll and employee benefits, credit card processing fees, and utilities. Our primary requirement for capital is acquiring land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. We opened 23 new warehouses, relocated two warehouses, and converted an existing warehouse to a business center in 2015 and plan to open up to 32 new warehouses in 2016. Our investments in modernizing our information systems are ongoing. We maintain bank credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes. The amount of borrowings available at any time under our bank credit facilities is reduced by the amount of standby and commercial letters of credit then outstanding. We have not provided for U.S. deferred taxes on cumulative undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries because our subsidiaries have invested or will invest the undistributed earnings indefinitely, or the earnings if repatriated would not result in a deferred tax liability. Management believes that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future.