This annual report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements regarding future events and results that are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. We understand how technology can deliver the outcomes our customers want to achieve, and our strategy is to lead our customers in their digital transition with solutions that intelligently connect nearly everything that can be connected. We aim to provide the technology, services, and solutions that will enable our customers to gain insight and advantage from distributed data with scale, security, and agility. We have expanded to new markets that are a natural extension of our core networking business, as the network has become the platform for automating, orchestrating, integrating, and delivering an ever-increasing array of IT-based products and services. Our product revenue growth was driven by strength in the public sector, commercial, and enterprise markets, while the service provider market continued to decline. The decline in the service provider market was driven by the product revenue decline in our service provider video category. We experienced solid product revenue growth in the commercial, public sector, and enterprise markets, while the service provider market continued to decline. Our deferred product revenue grew 21% year-over-year driven by subscription and software revenue arrangements, with strength in collaboration, security, and wireless. We continue to increase the amount of deferred revenue and the proportion of recurring revenue related to our collaboration product category. Our strategy focuses on providing highly secure, automated, and intelligent solutions built on infrastructure that connects data that is highly distributed globally. We believe that the amount of our inventory and purchase commitments is appropriate for our revenue levels. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. We consider our investments in unconsolidated variable interest entities to be off-balance sheet arrangements. We evaluate on an ongoing basis our investments in these privately held companies and customer financings. Our ongoing consideration of all these factors could result in an increase in our allowance for credit loss in the future, which could adversely affect our operating results. We have recorded a liability for the expected remediation cost for certain products sold in prior fiscal years. Our products are generally covered by a warranty for periods ranging from 90 days to five years. We accrue for warranty costs based on associated material costs, technical support labor costs, and associated overhead. We are subject to the possibility of various losses arising in the ordinary course of business. We consider the likelihood of impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability, as well as our ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss, in determining loss contingencies. We regularly evaluate information available to us to determine whether such accruals should be made or adjusted. Our cash and cash equivalents and investments position allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends. Our liquidity and capital resource requirements are expected to be satisfied through our cash and cash equivalents, investments, cash generated from operations, and ability to access capital markets and committed credit lines. We plan for and measure our liquidity and capital resources through an annual budgeting process.