During fiscal 2015, we believe our business is well positioned for the future because of our broad geographic operating base and product offerings, our inventory of finished lots, land and homes, and our strong balance sheet and liquidity. We are focused on growing our profitability, generating positive cash flows from operations, and managing our product offerings, pricing, sales pace, and inventory levels to optimize the return on our inventory investments. Our operating strategy is focused on leveraging our financial and competitive position to increase the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows. We have used our liquidity and balance sheet flexibility to provide the capital to increase our investments in housing and land inventory, expand our product offerings, and opportunistically pursue business acquisitions. We expect our revenues and profitability to increase during fiscal 2016 at a lower growth rate than we experienced in fiscal 2015, and we expect our land and lot inventories in fiscal 2016 will remain relatively consistent to slightly higher than our fiscal 2015 average inventory levels. Our operating strategy has produced positive results in recent years; however, we cannot provide any assurances that the initiatives listed above will continue to be successful, and we may need to adjust components of our strategy to meet future market conditions. We routinely enter into land/lot option contracts to purchase land or developed residential lots at predetermined prices on a defined schedule commensurate with planned development or anticipated new home demand. Our inventories at September 30, 2015, included construction in progress and finished homes, residential land/lots, developed and under development land, and land held for sale. We manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. We continually evaluate our land and lot supply, and fluctuations in revenues and profitability from land sales can occur based on how we manage our inventory levels in various markets. We expect that housing demand in our individual operating markets is tied closely to each market's economy; therefore, we anticipate that housing market conditions will vary across our markets. If the U.S. economy continues to improve, we would expect to see slow to moderate growth in housing demand, concentrated in markets where job growth is occurring. The pace and sustainability of new home demand and our future results could be negatively affected by weakening economic conditions, decreases in the level of employment and housing demand, decreased home affordability, significant increases in mortgage interest rates, or tightening of mortgage lending standards. Our operating strategy includes maintaining a strong cash balance and overall liquidity position and controlling our level of debt. We are focused on modifying product offerings, sales pace, home prices, and sales incentives as necessary in each of our markets to meet consumer demand, align with finished lot supply and construction activity, and optimize returns on inventory investments and cash flows. We believe our business is well positioned to generate increased sales volume in fiscal 2016, although our future sales volumes will depend on the economic strength of each of our operating markets and our ability to successfully implement our operating strategies in each market.