Our primary business objectives are to maximize sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share and unit, cash flow and returns to our stockholders, and return on invested capital. We expect to achieve our objectives by focusing on our core business of investing in and developing technology-related real estate. A significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development and acquisition of new properties. We target high-quality, strategically located properties containing the physical and connectivity infrastructure that supports the applications and operations of corporate enterprise data center and technology industry tenants. Most of our properties contain fully redundant electrical supply systems, multiple power feeds, above-standard cooling systems, raised floor areas, extensive in-building communications cabling, and high-level security systems. Our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop space and lease development space at favorable rates, which we may not be able to obtain. Economic downturns, including as a result of global market conditions, or regional downturns affecting our markets or downturns in the technology-related real estate industry that impair our ability to lease or renew or re-lease space could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase rental rates at our properties. We have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure that they meet our financial, technical, and other criteria. Our lease terms are generally longer than standard commercial leases, which may enhance our operational flexibility in turbulent markets. We continue to see strong demand in most of our key metropolitan areas for data center space and expect the rental rates we are likely to achieve on re-leased or renewed data center space leases for 2016 expirations to be generally higher than the rates currently being paid for the same space. Our development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns, and any such slowdown could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for data center space. We actively pursue opportunities for potential acquisitions, with due diligence and negotiations often at different stages at different times. The dollar value of acquisitions will be based on numerous factors, including tenant demand, leasing results, and availability of debt or equity capital. We expect to incur significant tenant improvement costs to build out and develop turn-key flex® space, which is move-in-ready space for the placement of computer and network equipment required to provide a data center environment. Our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and tenant needs is critical for maintaining operational continuity and achieving our major objectives. We have identified certain non-core investment properties we intend to sell as part of our capital recycling strategy, designed to generate proceeds that will support the funding of our core investment activity. Our strategy of holding properties over the long term directly decreases the likelihood of carrying values not being recoverable. We believe that the growth in corporate data center adoption and the technology-related real estate industry will continue to be superior to that of the overall economy, which supports our resilience strategies in the face of external pressures.