Duke Energy is committed to lead the way to cleaner, smarter energy solutions that customers value through a strategy focused on transformation of the customer experience to meet changing customer expectations through enhanced convenience, control, and choice in energy supply and usage. The company aims to modernize the power grid to improve reliability and flexibility in support of increased distributed energy sources, and to generate cleaner energy through an increased amount of natural gas, renewables generation, and the continued safe and reliable operation of nuclear plants. Duke Energy has advanced a number of important strategic initiatives to transform the energy future with a focus on customers, employees, operations, and growth. The acquisition of Piedmont Natural Gas reflects the growing importance of natural gas to the future of the energy infrastructure within the company's service territory and establishes a platform for future growth in natural gas infrastructure. Duke Energy's objectives include the completion of the acquisition of Piedmont and the continued pursuit of regulatory, state, and federal approval of growth projects announced in previous periods, which will support long-term adjusted earnings growth and the ability to provide affordable, reliable energy from an increasingly diverse generation portfolio. The company expects to invest significantly in regulated utilities business growth projects, which will be recovered through riders such as transmission and distribution expenditures and energy efficiency riders. Duke Energy's operational excellence is demonstrated through engagement with employees and being one of the best safety performers in the industry, which contributes to organizational resilience. The company has a demonstrated track record of driving efficiencies and productivity into the business, and it is committed to achieving operational excellence through strategic initiatives that focus on stakeholder engagement to ensure regulatory rules benefit all customers. The company recognizes the importance of risk management, particularly in relation to environmental regulations and compliance with the Clean Power Plan, which may require the replacement of coal generation with natural gas and renewables. Duke Energy is actively studying the implications of these regulations and working with states to identify the best approach for developing state plans that will establish the regulatory requirements applicable to its operations. The company has established comprehensive risk management policies to monitor and manage market risks associated with commodity prices, interest rates, and foreign currency exchange rates, which are critical for maintaining organizational health and resilience. Duke Energy's commitment to sustainability and adaptability is evident in its approach to managing operational resources and responding to external pressures, ensuring that it can maintain performance under pressure and effectively navigate complex situations. The company’s focus on strategic resilience is reflected in its ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive changes, enabling it to survive and flourish in a turbulent market environment.