We regularly evaluate the appropriateness of our reportable segments, particularly in light of organizational changes, merger and acquisition activity and changing laws and regulations. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage health care costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. We believe our pricing strategy, based on predictive modeling, proprietary research and data-driven processes, as well as our overall investments for health care reform, have positioned us to benefit from the potential growth opportunities available in fully-insured commercial products as a result of health care reform. The potential effect of escalating health care costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers and any regulatory or market driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in health care costs may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business, and may have a material impact on our results of operations. We expect that our pro forma debt-to-capital ratio will approximate 49% at the closing of the acquisition and we are committed to deleveraging to the low 40% range approximately twenty-four months following the closing. Our future results of operations will also be impacted by certain external forces and resulting changes in our business model and strategy. Health care reform presents us with new growth opportunities, but also introduces new risks, regulatory challenges and uncertainties, and required changes in the way products are designed, underwritten, priced, distributed and administered. We believe the self-insured portion of our group membership base will continue to increase as a percentage of total group membership. We are also subject to regulations that may result in assessments under state insurance guaranty association laws. The state court has begun scheduling settlement conferences to resolve outstanding issues with the plan. We will continue to monitor the situation and may record a liability and expense in future reporting periods, which could be material to our cash flows and results of operations. The acquisition will further our goal of creating a premier health benefits company with critical diversification and scale to lead the transformation of health care delivery for consumers. We entered into a bridge facility commitment letter and a joinder agreement with a group of lenders which will provide up to $22,500.0 under a 364-day senior unsecured bridge term loan credit facility to finance the acquisition in the event that we have not received proceeds from any combination of senior unsecured term loans, common or preferred equity or equity-linked securities and/or senior unsecured notes in a public offering or private placement in an aggregate principal amount of at least $22,500.0 prior to the consummation of the acquisition. We expect that our pro forma debt-to-capital ratio will approximate 49% at the closing of the acquisition of Cigna and we are committed to deleveraging to the low 40% range approximately twenty-four months following the closing. We will continue to evaluate the impact of health care reform as key aspects go into effect and additional guidance is made available. We have achieved strong growth as a result of strategic mergers and acquisitions, and we have also achieved organic growth in our existing markets over time by delivering excellent service, offering competitively priced products, providing access to high quality provider networks and effectively capitalizing on the brand strength of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield names and marks.