The information from the 2015 annual report set forth in exhibit 13 hereto under "results of operations," "business segments," "financial position, capital resources and liquidity," "critical accounting policies," "other items" and "safe harbor statement" is hereby incorporated by reference. Management periodically uses certain non-GAAP financial measures to clarify and enhance understanding of past performance and prospects for the future. Management believes that the following non-GAAP financial measures provide investors and analysts useful insight into the company's financial position and operating performance. Management closely monitors operating profit and operating profit margin of each business to evaluate past performance and actions required to improve profitability. These measures are utilized by management to evaluate performance and provide additional insight into the underlying, ongoing operating performance of the company and facilitate period-to-period comparisons by excluding the earnings impact of certain items. Free cash flow is an indicator of the company's cash generating capabilities after considering investments in capital assets which are necessary to maintain and enhance existing operations. Management believes that free cash flow is useful to both management and investors as a measure of the company's ability to generate cash. The determination of operating cash flow adds back noncash depreciation expense to earnings and thereby does not reflect a charge for necessary capital expenditures. The calculation of these non-GAAP financial measures may differ from the calculation of similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies and therefore may not be comparable among companies. Underlying sales, which exclude the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates during the periods presented, are provided to facilitate relevant period-to-period comparisons of sales growth by excluding those items that impact overall comparability. Operating profit and operating profit margin are indicative of short-term operational performance and ongoing profitability. The company’s ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from a challenging situation is critical. The concept of resilience draws attention to systems as well as individuals, to partial maintenance of integrity and performance, to the opposite of brittleness, and to disturbances that vary both in scale and source. Resilience is a multifaceted concept that reflects businesses’ ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change to survive, grow, and flourish. The management's strategic initiatives and operational flexibility are essential for maintaining performance under pressure and adapting to complex situations. The emphasis on performance maintenance, resource allocation, and operational continuity highlights the organization’s focus on resilience strategies and mechanisms that support recovery and transformation in the face of adversity.