We intend to continue to develop our reserves and increase production through development drilling and exploitation and exploration activities on our multi-year inventory of identified potential drilling locations and through acquisitions that meet our strategic and financial objectives, targeting oil-weighted reserves. We will continue monitoring the commodity price environment and expect to retain the financial flexibility to adjust our drilling and completion plans in response to market conditions. We are prepared to decelerate our drilling program if commodity prices deteriorate and accelerate our drilling program if commodity prices improve. The amount and timing of these capital expenditures is largely discretionary and within our control. We could choose to defer a portion of these planned capital expenditures depending on a variety of factors, including but not limited to the success of our drilling activities, prevailing and anticipated prices for oil and natural gas, the availability of necessary equipment, infrastructure and capital, the receipt and timing of required regulatory permits and approvals, seasonal conditions, drilling and acquisition costs and the level of participation by other interest owners. Our future ability to grow proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on the capital resources available to us. We monitor and adjust our projected capital expenditures in response to success or lack of success in drilling activities, changes in prices, availability of financing, drilling and acquisition costs, industry conditions, the timing of regulatory approvals, the availability of rigs, contractual obligations, internally generated cash flow and other factors both within and outside our control. If we require additional capital, we may seek such capital through traditional reserve base borrowings, joint venture partnerships, production payment financing, asset sales, offerings of debt and or equity securities or other means. We cannot assure you that the needed capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. If we are unable to obtain funds when needed or on acceptable terms, we may be required to curtail our drilling programs, which could result in a loss of acreage through lease expirations. In addition, we may not be able to complete acquisitions that may be favorable to us or finance the capital expenditures necessary to replace our reserves. Further, if the decline in commodity continues, our revenues, cash flows, results of operations, liquidity and reserves may be materially and adversely affected. Our cash flows are sensitive to many variables, the most significant of which is the volatility of prices for the oil and natural gas we produce. Prices for these commodities are determined primarily by prevailing market conditions. Regional and worldwide economic activity, weather and other substantially variable factors influence market conditions for these products. These factors are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. We expect a 2016 total capital spend of $250.0 million to $375.0 million, consisting of $210.0 million to $315.0 million for horizontal drilling and completions, $25.0 million to $35.0 million for infrastructure and $15.0 million to $25.0 million for non-operated activity and other expenditures. We intend to release one of our three horizontal drilling rigs in March 2016 and we have the option to release a second rig in the second quarter of 2016. We believe that our cash flow from operations and borrowings under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund our operations through year-end 2016. However, future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, including the level of oil and natural gas production and prices, and significant additional capital expenditures will be required to more fully develop our properties.