We are a leading global provider of financial services technology, serving approximately 13,000 clients worldwide, including banks, credit unions, and retailers. Our operations are essential for our clients to operate their businesses and are, therefore, non-discretionary in nature. We continue to implement a series of strategic initiatives to help accomplish our mission of providing integrated technology and services solutions that enable best-in-class results for our clients. These strategic initiatives include enhancing the overall value of our existing client relationships, improving operational effectiveness, and differentiating our products and services through innovation. The financial industry regularly introduces and implements new products, and regulatory conditions have created a challenging operating environment, necessitating solutions that help financial institutions win and retain customers, generate incremental revenue, and enhance operating efficiency. We believe that our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We have clients that span the entire range of financial institutions in terms of asset size and business model, and our 50 largest financial institution clients represent less than 25% of our annual revenue. Our products and services can assist financial institutions with the regulatory and market challenges they currently face by providing new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. Our operations have benefited from increased operating leverage in our recurring revenue businesses and operational efficiency initiatives across the company. We anticipate that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. The increased focus on digital channels by both financial institutions and their customers has heightened the data and transaction processing needs of financial institutions. We expect to benefit from the trend of financial institutions moving from in-house technology to outsourced solutions as they seek to remain current on technology changes. Our strategic initiatives are designed to build high-quality revenue while meeting our earnings goals, enhance client relationships with an emphasis on digital and payment solutions, and deliver innovation and integration that enables differentiated value for our clients. The integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients, allowing us to maintain performance under pressure and adapt to external disturbances. Our operational effectiveness initiatives have positively impacted our operating income and margin, driven by revenue growth and scale efficiencies across our businesses. We continually evaluate our accounting policies and estimates to ensure they reflect our operational realities and support our resilience strategies in the face of environmental disruptions and market volatility.