The completion of the Sungard acquisition on November 30, 2015, increased our existing portfolio to include solutions that automate a wide range of complex business processes for financial services institutions and corporate and government treasury departments. We are actively migrating many financial institutions to outsourced integrated technology solutions to improve their profitability and rapidly address increasing regulatory requirements. As a provider of outsourcing solutions, we benefit from multi-year recurring revenue streams, which help moderate the effects of broader year-to-year economic and market changes that otherwise might have a larger impact on our results of operations. The realignment of resources in our Global Financial Solutions segment resulted in severance costs of $44.6 million in the first quarter of 2015. We continue to innovate and invest in these integrated solutions and services to assist clients as they address this market demand. We believe our integrated solutions and outsourced services are well positioned to address this outsourcing trend across the markets we serve. Consumer preference continues to shift from traditional branch banking services to digital banking solutions, and our clients seek to provide a single integrated banking experience through their branch, mobile, internet, and voice banking channels. We have invested in our card management solutions and card manufacturing and processing capabilities to accommodate EMV integrated circuit cards so we can guide our clients through this anticipated technology transition and grow our card-driven businesses. The trend to migrate to EMV cards will continue, and we continue to invest to address market demand. We anticipate consolidation within the banking industry will continue, primarily in the form of merger and acquisition activity, which we believe as a whole is detrimental to our business. However, consolidation resulting from specific merger and acquisition transactions may be beneficial or detrimental to our business. When consolidations of financial institutions occur, merger partners often operate systems licensed from competing service providers. The newly formed entity generally makes a determination to migrate its core and payments systems to a single platform. We seek to mitigate the risks of consolidations by offering other competitive services to take advantage of specific opportunities at the surviving company. Notwithstanding challenging global economic conditions, our international business continued to experience growth across all major regions, including Europe and Asia on a constant currency basis during the year ended December 31, 2015. Demand for our solutions will also be driven in developing countries by government-led financial inclusion policies aimed to reduce the unbanked population and by growth in the middle classes in these markets driving the need for more sophisticated banking solutions. Information security globally, attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity, and sophistication. This is a trend we expect to continue. These circumstances present both a threat and an opportunity for FIS. As part of our business, we electronically receive, process, store, and transmit a wide range of confidential information, including sensitive customer information and personal consumer data. FIS remains focused on making strategic investments in information security to protect our clients and our information systems. This includes both capital expenditures and operating expense on hardware, software, personnel, and consulting services. Through the expertise we have gained with this ongoing focus and involvement, we have developed fraud, security, risk management, and compliance solutions to target this growth opportunity in the financial services industry.