We provide high performance cybersecurity solutions to a wide variety of enterprises, service providers, and government organizations of all sizes across the globe, including a majority of the 2015 Fortune 100. Our cybersecurity solutions are designed to provide broad, rapid protection against dynamic security threats while simplifying the IT infrastructure of our end-customers worldwide. Our strategy has enabled us to gain market share, win new customers, and expand within existing customer accounts, especially in the large enterprise market which is key to our long-term growth and profitability strategy. We continue to strengthen partnerships with enterprise resellers and gain from our prior sales investments. Our integrated security platform products put us in a strong competitive position in a robust security market. We believe that continued product innovation has strengthened our technology and resulted in market share gains. In connection with the business acquisition of Meru, we initiated planned cost reduction and restructuring activities to improve our cost structure and operational efficiencies, resulting in workforce reductions, consolidation of certain real estate facilities, asset write-downs, contract terminations, and other charges. We continue to invest in research and development to strengthen our technology leadership position and to support our expanding business. Our operating activities during 2015 provided $282.5 million in cash as a result of our continued growth in billings and the ability to successfully manage our working capital. We expect to spend $35.0 million to $45.0 million in capital expenditures primarily related to expansion of our offices to support worldwide growth and the implementation of our ERP system. Our sales strategy is based on a distribution model whereby we primarily sell our products and services directly to distributors which sell to resellers and service providers, which, in turn, sell to our end-customers. Our typical contractual support and subscription term is one to three years. We recognize revenue from fortiguard security subscription and forticare technical support services over the contractual service period. Our deferred revenue balance represents a significant portion of revenue to be recognized in future periods, which contributes significantly to our positive cash flow from operations. We monitor our deferred revenue balance because it reflects our ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, and the introduction of new and enhanced products and services offerings. We continue to assess the need for a valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets by evaluating both positive and negative evidence that may exist. Our restructuring charges relate to the alignment activities in connection with the Meru acquisition to reduce our cost structure and improve operational efficiencies. We believe that our organizational capabilities and strategic initiatives will allow us to confront and adapt to unexpected situations and pressures in the market, thereby maintaining operational continuity and resilience in the face of environmental disruptions.