Management uses these non-GAAP measures in its financial and operational decision-making processes, for internal reporting and as part of its forecasting and budgeting processes as they provide additional transparency of our core operations. Our calculation of these non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies due to potential differences between companies in the method of calculation. The success of these actions will depend on a combination of our ability to execute and external factors which are outside of our control. We continue to implement various strategic actions to strengthen our operations and increase our competitiveness. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining an investment-grade balance sheet. Our strategic plan includes several major initiatives that we anticipate will help us achieve 9% to 10% margins on an EBIT-adjusted basis by early next decade. We expect to sustain an EBIT-adjusted margin of 10% in 2016 due to a consistent to slight increase in U.S. industry light vehicle sales, key product launches, continued cost performance, and growth of adjacent businesses. We achieved EBIT-adjusted margins of 10.3% during 2015. In addition to the impact of the restructuring of our Russia business model, we anticipate headwinds from aggressive industry pricing along with increased costs associated with depreciation, amortization, marketing, adverse foreign currency impact, and increased costs associated with our new product launches. We expect to break even in GME in 2016. We are restructuring our Thailand operations to focus on our competitive strengths in trucks and SUVs given continued challenges in Thailand and several export markets. We continue to execute our plans and within the financial impact that we projected. We are restructuring our operations in various countries. We continue to assess our performance throughout the region; additional restructuring and rationalization actions may be required and may have a material impact on our results of operations. We will continue to monitor developments in Venezuela to assess whether market restrictions and exchange rate controls evolve such that we no longer maintain a controlling financial interest. We believe that our current level of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and availability under our revolving credit facilities will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs. We expect to have substantial cash requirements going forward which we plan to fund through total available liquidity and cash flows generated from operations. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in item 1A. risk factors, some of which are outside of our control. We continue to refresh our product portfolio and are addressing many of the challenges in these markets while continuing to strategically assess the manner in which we operate in certain countries. Our ability to maintain quality control over our vehicles and avoid material vehicle recalls and the cost and effect on our reputation and products is critical. We continue to execute our plans and within the financial impact that we projected. We are committed to customer satisfaction, which includes ongoing comprehensive safety reviews, engineering analysis, and our overall commitment to vehicle quality. We have produced sufficient parts to have the ability to repair all vehicles impacted by the ignition switch and ignition lock cylinder recalls. We are continuing to assess the situation. Further recalls, if any, that may be required to remediate Takata airbag inflators in our vehicles could have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.