The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, resulting in increasing revenues, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business. As online advertising evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings which may impact our monetization. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., especially in emerging markets, and we continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. Their energy and talent drive Alphabet and create our success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. We continue to make significant research and development (R&D) investments in areas of strategic focus for Google, such as search and advertising, as well as in new products and services across both Google and other bets. The amount of our capital expenditures has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate in the long term as we invest heavily in our systems, data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure. Our international revenues represent a significant proportion of our revenues and are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. While we have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings. We expect cost of revenues will increase in dollar amount and fluctuate as a percentage of total revenues in 2016 and future periods, based on a number of factors, including the relative growth rates of revenues from Google websites and from our Google network members' websites. We evaluate, on a monthly basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. We continue to monitor the progress of ongoing discussions with tax authorities and the impact, if any, of the expected expiration of the statute of limitations in various taxing jurisdictions. Our liquidity could be negatively affected by a decrease in demand for our products and services. In addition, we may make acquisitions, increase our capital expenditures, or license products and technologies complementary to our business and may need to raise additional capital through future debt or equity financing to provide for greater flexibility to fund these activities. We have a debt financing program of up to $3.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, as well as the cash flow that we generate from our operations. We believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements through at least the next 12 months.