The business environments in which we operate directly affect our results of operations. Our results have been and will continue to be affected by many factors, including market volatility and the level of trading activity in our markets, which during any period is significantly influenced by general market conditions; legislative and regulatory changes, as well as our fulfillment of our regulatory obligations; competition; demand for our data services and our market share; our system reliability; our ability to offer new products; our acquisition activities and the pace of industry consolidation; broad trends in the data and finance industry; the number and financial health of companies listed on our cash markets; geopolitical events; real and perceived supply and demand imbalances; changing technology in the financial services industry; and our reputation, among other factors. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility, trading activity or participation in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 13% in 2012 to 44% in 2015. This non-transaction revenue includes data and listings, and will continue to increase as a percent of our total revenue with the addition of interactive data and trayport revenues reflected in our full year results. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate these uncertainties. We expect that cost reduction and cost containment pressures will continue, yet many of the data products and services we sell are required for our clients' business operations regardless of market volatility or shifts in business profitability levels. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to measure, manage, monitor and report risk exposures, which are regularly reviewed by the appropriate management and supervisory bodies. Our exposure to foreign denominated earnings is significant, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may impact our revenues and operating results. We limit our exposure to credit risk by rigorously selecting the counterparties with which we execute agreements and make investments. Our clearing houses hold material amounts of clearing member cash deposits which are held or invested primarily to provide security of capital while minimizing credit, market and liquidity risks. We seek to achieve a reasonable rate of return which may generate interest income for our clearing members, while primarily being concerned with preservation of capital and managing the risks associated with these deposits. The maintenance and growth of our revenues could also be impacted if we face increased pressure on pricing. The implementation of new regulations may impact participation in our markets and create uncertainty for market participants, which could affect trading volumes or demand for market data. As a result, it is difficult to predict all of the effects that the legislation and its implementing regulations will have on us, but it may possibly result in increased costs and the expenditure of significant resources. We expect to continue to explore and pursue various potential acquisitions and other strategic opportunities to strengthen our competitive position and support our growth.