As a global investment firm, we are affected by financial and economic conditions globally, which have a substantial impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Global and regional economic conditions impact the values of the investments we make, our ability to exit these investments profitably, and our ability to make new investments. The climate of reasonable interest rates and high levels of liquidity in the debt and equity capital markets provides a positive environment for generating attractive investment returns. Periods of volatility and dislocation in the capital markets present substantial risks but can also present opportunities to invest at reduced valuations that position us for future growth. Our ability to maintain and grow our revenue base is dependent upon successfully deploying capital from our funds and our balance sheet. Greater competition, high valuations, increased overall cost of credit, and other general market conditions may impact our ability to identify and execute attractive investments. Our ability to attract new capital and investors in our funds is driven by the extent to which they see the alternative asset management industry and our investment products as attractive vehicles for capital appreciation or income. Fundraising continues to be competitive, and while we had several successful fundraises in 2015, there is no assurance that future fundraises will experience similar success. The strength and liquidity of the U.S. and relevant global equity markets affect the value of, and our ability to successfully exit, our equity positions in our private equity portfolio in a timely manner. Our investments are impacted by various economic conditions that are difficult to quantify or predict, which may have a significant impact on the valuation of our investments and, therefore, on the investment income we realize and our financial condition and results of operations. Our segment revenues consist of fees, performance income, and investment income, and our ability to grow revenues depends on attracting new capital and investors, successfully deploying capital, and realizing investments. The decrease in transaction fees was primarily due to a decrease in both our private markets segment and capital markets segment. Our ability to sell investments is influenced by the strength and liquidity of the equity markets. Our investments are also impacted by fluctuations in net gains and losses from investment activities, which are driven primarily by changes in the fair value of our investment portfolio. The valuation of our investments is subject to significant judgment and may be impacted by changes in market conditions. We manage our liquidity and capital requirements by focusing on our cash flows and anticipate that our primary liquidity needs will consist of cash required to continue growing our business, service debt obligations, fund cash operating expenses, and make cash distributions. We expect that our capital commitments will be called over a period of several years, and we have access to funding under various credit facilities and other borrowing arrangements. The overall health of our organization is influenced by our ability to adapt to changing market conditions, manage risks effectively, and maintain operational flexibility in response to external pressures and economic uncertainties.