In 2014, we initiated a restructuring plan in order to improve organization efficiency and offset the impact of stranded overhead costs resulting from the spin-off of our health care business. The restructuring is intended to improve our underlying profitability and increase our flexibility to invest in targeted growth initiatives, brand building, and other capabilities critical to delivering future growth. We continued to execute our 2014 organization restructuring in order to improve organization efficiency and offset the impact of stranded overhead costs resulting from the spin-off of our health care business in 2014. The restructuring is expected to be completed by the end of 2016, with total costs anticipated to be $130 to $160 after tax. Cumulative pre-tax savings from the restructuring are expected to be $120 to $140 by the end of 2017, and were $70 by the end of 2015. The restructuring is expected to impact all of our business segments and our organizations in all major geographies. We are focused on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders. We executed our growth strategies in developing and emerging markets with a focus on China, Eastern Europe, and Latin America. In developing and emerging markets, we continue to benefit from innovation, expansion, category development, and higher net selling prices. We are generating cost savings through several initiatives, including leveraging our global procurement organization and deploying lean principles. Full-year cost savings from our ongoing force program in 2015 were $365 million. We believe these measures provide our investors with additional information about our underlying results and trends, as well as insight into some of the financial measures used to evaluate management. We are subject to risks and uncertainties, which can affect our business operations and financial results. The changes primarily affected our consumer businesses, with a modest impact on K-C Professional. The impacted businesses generated annual net sales of approximately $0.5 billion and negligible operating profit. As a result of the restructuring activities, compared to 2012, annual net sales in 2014 and 2013 were decreased by $500 million and $350 million, respectively. The restructuring actions commenced in 2012 and were completed by December 31, 2014. We are focused on managing our portfolio to balance growth, profit margin, and cash flow. We expect to achieve cost savings of at least $350 million from our force program, and at least $50 million from the 2014 organization restructuring. We anticipate capital spending to be in a $950 to $1,050 million range and share repurchases to total $600 to $900 million, subject to market conditions. We expect to contribute up to $100 million to our defined benefit pension plans and to increase our quarterly dividend mid-single digits effective April 2016, subject to approval by the board of directors. Our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, capital spending, payment of dividends, pension plan contributions, and other needs for the foreseeable future. We do not expect restrictions or taxes on repatriation of cash held outside of the United States to have a material effect on our overall business, liquidity, financial condition, or results of operations for the foreseeable future.