This section provides an overview of our financial results, recent product and late-stage pipeline developments, and other matters affecting our company and the pharmaceutical industry. Our long-term success depends to a great extent on our ability to continue to discover and develop innovative pharmaceutical products and acquire or collaborate on molecules currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. We manage research and development spending across our portfolio of molecules, and a delay in, or termination of, any one project will not necessarily cause a significant change in our total research and development spending. Due to the risks and uncertainties involved in the research and development process, we cannot reliably estimate the nature, timing, completion dates, and costs of the efforts necessary to complete the development of our research and development projects, nor can we reliably estimate the future potential revenue that will be generated from a successful research and development project. The process to bring a drug from the discovery phase to regulatory approval can take over a decade and cost more than $1 billion. We recognize acquired in-process research and development charges resulting from various collaboration agreements, as well as the consideration paid to acquire the worldwide rights to certain products. We have seen significant foreign currency rate fluctuations as the U.S. dollar strengthened compared to several other foreign currencies, including the euro, British pound, and Japanese yen. While we manage a portion of these exposures through hedging and other risk management techniques, significant fluctuations in currency rates can have a substantial impact, either positive or negative, on our revenue, cost of sales, and operating expenses. We continue to monitor the potential impacts of the economic environment; the creditworthiness of our wholesalers and other customers, including foreign government-backed agencies and suppliers; the uncertain impact of health care legislation; and various international government funding levels. In the normal course of business, our operations are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates and currency values. We address a portion of these risks through a controlled program of risk management that includes the use of derivative financial instruments. Our corporate risk-management policy outlines the minimum and maximum hedge coverage of such exposures. The acquisition of Novartis Animal Health has increased our animal health product portfolio, expanded our global commercial presence, and augmented our animal health manufacturing and research and development. The combined organization has provided us with a greater commercial presence in the companion animal and swine markets, expanded our presence in equine and vaccines areas, and created an entry into the aquaculture market. We believe that amounts accessible through existing commercial paper markets should be adequate to fund short-term borrowing needs. We expect the amount of these obligations to change materially over time as new contracts are initiated and existing contracts are completed, terminated, or modified. Our effective tax rate was 13.7 percent in 2015, compared with 20.3 percent in 2014. The decrease in the tax rate for 2015 compared with 2014 is primarily due to a favorable tax impact of the net charges related to the repurchase of debt, acquired in-process research and development, and asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges. We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The nature of the pharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects to build a successful portfolio of approved products.