Throughout 2015, we remained committed to our key priorities, capitalizing on opportunities within an improving economy and further pursuing top-line growth through differentiating ourselves with better customer experiences, improving our product and service offerings for the pro customer, and driving productivity and profitability. We continued to enhance our omni-channel capabilities, providing not just the products, but also the services, information, and advice to help our customers at every step of the home improvement journey and build a greater affinity for the Lowe's brand. By providing an integrative and cohesive assortment of products, inspiring and intuitive presentation and display, and optimal service components across all selling channels, we are able to provide better customer experiences that differentiate us in the marketplace. We effectively managed payroll hours on solid comparable sales growth and improved productivity in advertising through targeted spend. We also continued to enhance our omni-channel capabilities in 2015, including improved product search, integrated and upgraded product videos, enhanced product presentation, and simplified product groupings to make it easy for customers to make their selections. Our in-home selling networks, including both interior and exterior project specialists, continued to expand, with exterior specialists available across all U.S. stores and interior specialists expected in all stores by the end of fiscal year 2016. We will focus our resources on areas of the business where we see greater potential return on investment. This strategic framework, along with our efforts to improve productivity and profitability, gives us confidence in our business outlook for 2016. The decision to exit the Australian home improvement market during the fourth quarter of 2015 is an example of our adaptability in response to external pressures and our commitment to resource allocation where we can achieve the best outcomes. The acquisition of Rona Inc. is expected to accelerate Lowe's growth strategy by significantly expanding our presence in the Canadian market. This transaction is subject to shareholder and regulatory approvals and is expected to close in the second half of 2016. We will remain focused on growing sales by continuing to differentiate ourselves through better customer experiences that make us the project authority, improving our product and service offerings for the pro customer, and enhancing our omni-channel capabilities to support customers at every step of their home improvement journey. Our cash flows from operating activities continued to provide the primary source of our liquidity, and we believe that net cash provided by operating and financing activities will be adequate not only for our operating requirements but also for investments in our existing stores, investments in information technology, expansion plans, and to return cash to shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases over the next 12 months. We have a $1.75 billion unsecured revolving credit agreement that supports our commercial paper program and has a $500 million letter of credit sublimit. The 2014 credit facility contains certain restrictive covenants, which include maintenance of an adjusted debt leverage ratio as defined by the credit agreement. We were in compliance with those covenants at January 29, 2016. Our ongoing share repurchase program is executed through purchases made from time to time either in the open market or through private off-market transactions. We anticipate financing the Rona acquisition through the debt capital markets, which reflects our strategic response to market opportunities and our commitment to organizational resilience in navigating complex situations.