The semiconductor capital equipment industry has been highly competitive and characterized by rapid changes in demand, which has been mitigated in recent years by market demands and consolidation among customers. Variability in customer investments during any particular period is dependent on several factors including electronics demand, economic conditions, industry supply and demand, and customers' ability to develop and manufacture increasingly complex semiconductor devices. The increase in shipments during fiscal year 2015 as compared to fiscal year 2014 related to continued strengthening of customer demand for semiconductor equipment. The revenue increase in fiscal year 2015 reflected an increase in technology and capacity investments by customers. We believe that maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves is important to support sustaining levels of investment in research and development and capital infrastructure. Our cash flows from operating activities were primarily used for treasury stock purchases, dividends paid to stockholders, and capital expenditures. The process of integrated circuits fabrication consists of a complex series of process and preparation steps, and our product offerings in deposition, etch, and clean address a number of the most critical steps in the fabrication process. We leverage our expertise in semiconductor processing to develop technology and productivity solutions that typically benefit our customers through lower defect rates, enhanced yields, faster processing time, and reduced costs, facilitating their ability to meet more stringent performance and design standards. The anticipated future revenue value from shipments to customers was significant, and we continue to gain market share as demand for our products should increase as the proportion of customers' capital expenditures rises in technology inflection areas. The uncertainty surrounding future revenue growth in certain products resulted in an estimated discounted cash flow falling below the carrying value of the goodwill balance, leading to a non-cash impairment charge. We evaluate the need to record adjustments for impairment of inventory at least quarterly, assessing the valuation of all inventories including manufacturing raw materials, work-in-process, finished goods, and spare parts. Our policy is to assess the need for changes in valuation allowances on deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis. We do not believe, based on historical experience and information currently available, that it is probable that any amounts will be required to be paid under certain guarantees. We seek to limit our liability for indemnity to an amount not to exceed the sales price of the products or services subject to our indemnification obligations. Our liquidity will depend to a great extent on our future revenues and our ability to appropriately manage our costs based on demand for our products and services. We believe that, if necessary, we will be able to access the capital markets on terms and in amounts adequate to meet our objectives. The variability in our customers' business plans may lead to changes in demand for our equipment and services, which emphasizes the importance of operational flexibility and strategic response mechanisms in maintaining organizational resilience.