We believe minimizing our capital investments and adopting a strategy of recycling the investments that we do make maximizes and maintains our financial flexibility. Our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company. We strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution. We, along with owners and franchisees, continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities and technology offerings. Our hotels modify the mix of business to improve revenue as demand changes. We monitor market conditions and provide the tools for our hotels to price rooms daily in accordance with individual property demand levels, generally adjusting room rates as demand changes. Our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. Properties in our system continue to maintain very tight cost controls. We also control above-property costs, some of which we allocate to hotels, by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas. We expect that the combination will close in mid-2016, after customary conditions are satisfied, including shareholder approvals, required antitrust approvals, and the completion of Starwood's previously announced spin-off of its vacation ownership business, or another spin-off, split-off, analogous disposition, or sale of its vacation ownership business. We believe that we have access to sufficient financial resources to finance our growth, as well as to support our ongoing operations and meet debt service and other cash requirements. Nonetheless, our ability to develop and update our brands and the ability of hotel developers to build or acquire new Marriott-branded properties, both of which are important parts of our growth plan, depend in part on capital access, availability, and cost for other hotel developers and third-party owners. These growth plans are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. We continue to focus on enhancing property-level house profit margins and making productivity improvements. We expect the number of our open hotel rooms to increase approximately 8 percent in 2016. Our anticipated investment spending does not include additional investments we may make in connection with the Starwood combination. We expect to continue making selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include loans and noncontrolling equity investments. We believe that our strategic initiatives and operational flexibility will allow us to adapt to changing market conditions and external pressures. We continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use website, Marriott.com, and of our associated mobile smartphone applications and mobile website that connect to Marriott.com, through functionality and service improvements. We also believe that our ability to foresee and confront challenges will enable us to maintain our competitive advantage and organizational health in a turbulent business environment. Our strategic response to external disturbances includes maintaining operational continuity and flexibility, which are critical for our organizational resilience.