The strength of the alignment among the company, its franchisees and suppliers has been key to McDonald's long-term success. By leveraging the system, McDonald's is able to identify, implement and scale ideas that meet customers' changing needs and preferences. The company's business model enables the system to consistently deliver locally-relevant restaurant experiences to customers and be an integral part of the communities it serves. In 2015, the company and its board of directors took steps to reset its business and restore growth, which included the election of a new CEO and the announcement of a turnaround plan. This plan involved a worldwide restructuring designed to sharpen the company's focus on the customer, drive greater accountability, and remove distractions and bureaucracy. Management expects the new structure to enable faster decision-making and an increased ability to move proven initiatives quickly across markets. The system is focused on the fundamentals of running great restaurants by providing customers with what matters most to them. McDonald's is building on its competitive advantages of convenience, scale, geographic diversification and system alignment. The priorities of the turnaround plan are to drive operational growth, create brand excitement and enhance financial value. The company is working to enhance the quality, choice and variety of its menu and is building upon investments in reimaging and technology to innovate the way customers can order and how they are served. The modifications to McDonald's operating approach are accompanied by strategies to enhance financial value. The company maintains a strong financial foundation supported by industry-leading unit volumes that enable it to pursue growth through business and economic cycles while returning significant amounts of cash to shareholders each year. Cash from operations benefits from a heavily franchised business model as the rent and royalty income received from franchisees provides a stable revenue stream that has relatively low costs. The company's substantial cash flow, strong investment-grade credit rating and continued access to credit provide McDonald's flexibility to fund capital expenditures as well as return cash to shareholders. In connection with executing against refranchising and general and administrative targets, the company may incur incremental strategic charges associated with asset dispositions and restructuring. The company is accelerating the pace of refranchising to optimize its restaurant ownership mix, generate more stable and predictable revenue and cash flow streams, and operate with a less resource-intensive structure. The shift to a greater percentage of franchised restaurants negatively impacts consolidated revenues as company-operated sales are replaced by franchised sales, where the company receives rent and/or royalty revenue based on a percentage of sales. McDonald's expects to refranchise about 4,000 restaurants in the four-year period ending 2018 with a long-term goal to become 95% franchised. These actions reflect the board and management's confidence in McDonald's future and its ability to adapt to changing market conditions while maintaining operational flexibility and resilience.