The company has expanded geographically and continues to invest in product quality, marketing, and innovation behind its iconic brands while implementing a series of cost-saving initiatives. Our goals are to achieve industry-leading revenue growth over time driven by the higher expected growth rates of advantaged snack categories; leverage our cost structure through supply chain reinvention, productivity programs, overhead streamlining, volume growth, and improved product mix to drive margin gains; and grow earnings per share in the top tier of our peer group. We monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, particularly in emerging markets, which have greater political and economic volatility and vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions. Volatility in these markets affects demand for and the costs of our products and requires frequent changes in how we operate our business. We are focused on managing our costs and adjusting prices as needed to recover changing costs while continuing to invest in our global power brands and routes to market. We have historically also been exposed to currency devaluation risks impacting earnings, particularly in connection with our Venezuelan operations, which have been deconsolidated. Given the current and ongoing difficult economic, regulatory, and business environment in Venezuela, there continues to be significant uncertainty related to our operations in Venezuela, and we expect these conditions will continue for the foreseeable future. We will monitor our ability to control our Venezuelan operations and the liquidity and availability of U.S. dollars at different rates, as our current situation may change over time and lead to consolidation at a future date. We are committed to achieving top-tier financial performance and manage our business using key operating metrics, including organic net revenue, adjusted operating income, and adjusted EPS. We also monitor long-term demographics and consumer trends, which are expected to lead to growth in key consumer behaviors, including increased snacking occasions and greater use of convenience food. Our operational flexibility is crucial as we adapt to changing market conditions, and we continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations while investing in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, marketing, and consumer promotions. The impact of external disturbances, such as currency fluctuations and commodity costs, necessitates a strategic response to maintain performance under pressure. We utilize hedging techniques to limit the impact of fluctuations in commodity costs and adjust our pricing actions based on demand and competitive environments. Our restructuring programs are designed to bring about significant reductions in our operating cost structure, enhancing our organizational resilience and ability to adapt to future challenges.