In 2015, we continued to make progress on our three main revenue growth priorities, which included capitalizing on the shift to mobile, growing the number of marketers using our ad products, and enhancing the relevance and effectiveness of our ads through the adoption of newer ad formats and tools for marketers. We invested across three priorities: our core products and services to better serve our existing communities and businesses, our next generation of services such as Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp, and our long-term innovation efforts, including connectivity efforts, virtual reality, and artificial intelligence research. We expect these investments will continue to drive significant overall year-over-year expense growth compared to 2015. Trends in user metrics, including daily active users and monthly active users, affect our revenue and financial results by influencing the number of ads we are able to show, the value of our ads to marketers, and the volume of payments transactions. The increase in daily active users was driven by increased mobile usage, while the number of users accessing Facebook on personal computers decreased. We believe that the use of Facebook through personal computers will continue to decline in all regions. The overall growth in monthly active users was similarly driven by increased mobile usage, with key sources of growth identified in major markets. Our revenue growth was primarily due to an increase in advertising revenue, particularly from ads in news feed on mobile devices. Factors influencing this growth included increased demand for our ad inventory, driven by a growing number of marketers actively advertising on Facebook, and an increase in mobile user growth and engagement. We anticipate that growth in mobile users will continue to be the driver of our user growth for the foreseeable future. The general strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies had an unfavorable impact on our revenue. We believe that our available funds, credit facility, and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our operational cash needs for the foreseeable future. We are involved in various lawsuits, claims, investigations, and proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business, and we record a liability when we believe that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount, and should any of these estimates and assumptions change or prove to be incorrect, it could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. We routinely review our estimates and assumptions, particularly those associated with revenue recognition, share-based compensation, and business combinations, which have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. Our critical accounting policies and estimates reflect our ability to adapt to changing conditions and maintain operational effectiveness. We anticipate making capital expenditures in 2016 to support user growth, increased user engagement, and the delivery of new products and services. Our strategic initiatives and investments in innovation are designed to enhance our organizational resilience, enabling us to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform to emerge stronger from challenging situations.