We are an independent petroleum refining and marketing, retail and midstream company. Our operations consist of three reportable operating segments: refining & marketing; speedway; and midstream. Each of these segments is organized and managed based upon the nature of the products and services they offer. Our integrated midstream energy asset network links producers of natural gas and NGLs from some of the largest supply basins in the United States to domestic and international markets. The midstream segment gathers, processes and transports natural gas; gathers, transports, fractionates, stores and markets natural gas liquids and transports and stores crude oil and refined products. We believe that our speedway LLC operates the second largest chain of company-owned and operated retail gasoline and convenience stores in the United States. Our refining & marketing segment income from operations increased primarily due to higher crack spreads, favorable effects of changes in market structure on crude oil acquisition prices, more favorable net product price realizations compared to spot market reference prices and lower direct operating costs. These positive impacts were partially offset by unfavorable crude oil and feedstock acquisition costs relative to benchmark LLS crude oil, the unfavorable effect of lower commodity prices on volumetric gains and an LCM inventory valuation charge. The increase in refining & marketing segment income from operations was primarily due to more favorable net product price realizations and higher USGC and Chicago crack spreads, partially offset by narrower crude oil differentials and higher turnaround and other direct operating costs. Our financial results and operating statistics reflect the results of Markwest from the date of the acquisition. The complementary aspects of the highly diverse asset base of Markwest, MPLX and MPC provide significant additional opportunities across multiple segments of the hydrocarbon value chain. The combined entity will further Markwest's leading midstream presence in the Marcellus and Utica shales by allowing it to pursue additional midstream projects, which should allow producer customers to achieve superior value for their growing production in these important shale regions. The anticipated in-service date for the pipeline is likely to be delayed to early 2019. The project schedule and cost estimates remain under review. Our operations depend largely on our refining & marketing gross margin and refinery throughputs. The refining & marketing gross margin is the difference between the prices of refined products sold and the costs of crude oil and other charge and blendstocks refined, including the costs to transport these inputs to our refineries. Our profitability is directly affected by prevailing commodity prices primarily as a result of processing or conditioning at our own or third-party processing plants, purchasing and selling or gathering and transporting volumes of natural gas at index-related prices and the cost of third-party transportation and fractionation services. The volume of crude oil that we transport is directly affected by the supply of, and refiner demand for, crude oil in the markets served directly by our crude oil pipelines. Key factors in this supply and demand balance are the production levels of crude oil by producers in various regions or fields, the availability and cost of alternative modes of transportation, the volumes of crude oil processed at refineries and refinery and transportation system maintenance levels. We continuously evaluate our capital budget and make changes as conditions warrant. Our intention is to maintain an investment grade credit profile. We believe that our short-term and long-term liquidity is adequate to fund not only our current operations, but also our near-term and long-term funding requirements, including capital spending programs, the repurchase of shares of our common stock, dividend payments, defined benefit plan contributions, repayment of debt maturities and other amounts that may ultimately be paid in connection with contingencies.