The acquisition of Airwave enables us to grow revenue and geographically diversify our global managed & support services offerings within our services segment, while offering a proven service delivery platform to build on for providing innovative, leading, mission-critical communications solutions and services to customers. Our products and services help government, public safety, and commercial customers improve their operations through increased effectiveness, efficiency, and safety of their mobile workforces. We expect to continue to see growing demands for our managed & support services going forward. These services offerings help customers manage, support, and upgrade their networks as well as utilize features, applications, and data in new ways including predictive policing, proactive support, or smarter response strategies. We have implemented various productivity improvement plans aimed at continuing operating margin improvements by driving efficiencies and reducing operating costs. We are committed to employing disciplined financial policies and driving continuous efficiencies and improvements in our cost structure. We expect to reduce SG&A and R&D expenses during 2016 by approximately $150 million in comparison to 2015. The expected decline in Iden sales will impact both revenues and gross margins within the services segment. Our services segment is expected to grow at a higher rate than our products segment. The increase in operating earnings in 2015 compared to 2014 was driven primarily by a decrease in other charges, lower SG&A expenditures as a result of cost savings initiatives, and lower R&D expenditures driven by cost savings initiatives. We believe we are well-positioned to compete in both our core markets and adjacent growth areas. We strive to optimize our capital structure to enable prioritized investments in the business and targeted acquisitions as a source of generating solid future operating cash flows. We expect our overall revenue mix to continue to shift towards services over time. As communication networks have become increasingly complex, software-centric, and data-driven, we have shifted our offerings to align with this technology trend in serving our customers. The acquisition of Airwave will expand our managed & support services business. We have been proactively investing in next-generation public safety broadband solutions for years, as we believe public safety LTE solutions are the next-generation tool for our public safety first-responder customers. We believe our expertise in both public and private networks makes us uniquely qualified to provide these public safety broadband solutions to this customer base. We have now won the four largest public safety LTE network installations awarded to date and expect LTE sales to represent a larger portion of our revenue in the coming years. Our liquidity and available capital resources are impacted by cash and cash equivalents, operating activities, investing activities, and financing activities. We have adequate internal resources available to fund expected working capital and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months as supported by the level of cash and cash equivalents in the U.S. and the ability to repatriate funds from foreign jurisdictions. We continue to analyze and review various repatriation strategies to efficiently repatriate cash. We are a leading global provider of mission-critical communication infrastructure, devices, accessories, software, and services. Our business is affected by macroeconomic conditions, including the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations on net earnings. The stronger U.S. dollar has had a negative impact on sales denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations is partially mitigated by the majority of our revenues being derived from contracts within North America denominated in U.S. dollars.