We faced significant headwinds during 2015 as operating revenues were negatively impacted by the steep decline in energy prices, which drove both reduced fuel surcharge revenue and volume decreases in coal and energy-related products. Despite these challenges, we continued our focus on deploying resources to improve network velocity and service, while streamlining our corporate assets with the restructuring of our Triple Crown Services Company subsidiary and the closure of our Roanoke, Virginia, corporate office. As a result of operational improvements, network fluidity improved throughout the year, as evidenced by a 21% decrease in terminal dwell from the beginning of the year and a 17% improvement in train speed over the same time period. We expect to see continued improvement in our service levels and the implementation of multiple cost-control initiatives, as we balance resources with the demand for our high-quality rail service. Through these initiatives, we expect to produce expense savings of $130 million in 2016 while increasing productivity and efficiency. Improving our rail service, generating higher returns on capital, and increasing the efficiency of our resources remain our focus, and we believe we are well-positioned to meet continued headwinds in 2016. The restructuring of our TCS subsidiary and the closure of our corporate office were part of our strategy to enhance operational flexibility and maintain performance under pressure. We are working with our customers and business partners to convert business handled by TCS into our current intermodal network. As this transition occurs, we expect some shipments previously handled by TCS to be absorbed by our domestic container line of business. While it is likely that not all of this TCS business will make this transition, we do not expect this restructuring to have a material effect on our railway operating revenues or income from railway operations. Our goal is to maintain a capital structure with appropriate leverage to support our business strategy and provide flexibility through business cycles. We regularly review these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in the business environment, and other factors we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. We are subject to various jurisdictions' environmental laws and regulations. We record a liability where such liability or loss is probable and its amount can be estimated reasonably. Our environmental policy council oversees and interprets our environmental policy, which reflects our commitment to organizational health and resilience. We believe the estimate of any reasonably possible loss will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. Our employment averaged 30,456 in 2015, compared with 29,482 in 2014, and we expect normalized levels of incentive compensation in addition to increased medical cost inflation and higher wages to be offset in part by lower employment levels driven from operational efficiencies. The increase in 2015 for purchased services expense reflects higher costs associated with intermodal operations, information technology, maintenance and repair, and the Roanoke, Virginia corporate office closure. We anticipate higher intermodal revenues due to increased volumes as a result of continued highway conversions and growth associated with new and existing customers to be partially offset by declines due to the restructuring of the TCS subsidiary and an increase in available trucking capacity. We expect cash on hand combined with cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations, reflecting our focus on resource allocation and operational continuity.