Nvidia has transformed into a specialized platform company that targets four large markets where visual computing is essential and valued. Our vertical integration enables us to bring together hardware, system software, programmable algorithms, systems, and services to create unique value for the markets we serve. We are focused on delivering value through PC, mobile, and cloud architectures. The wind-down of our Icera modem operations allows for continued investment in strategic growth areas, including our growth initiatives of deep learning, self-driving cars, and gaming. We believe that our existing cash balances and anticipated cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet our operating, acquisition, share repurchase, cash dividend, and capital requirements for at least the next twelve months. However, there is no assurance that we will not need to raise additional equity or debt financing within this time frame. Factors that could affect our cash used or generated from operations include decreased demand and market acceptance for our products, inability to successfully develop and produce in volume production our next-generation products, competitive pressures resulting in lower than expected average selling prices, and new product announcements or product introductions by our competitors. Our operating expenses for fiscal year 2016 included restructuring and other charges related to the wind-down of our Icera modem operations. We expect to incur additional restructuring charges to operating expense in the upcoming quarters. The overall net effect on our gross margin from inventory provisions and sales of items previously written down was an unfavorable impact in fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014. Our management has discussed the development and selection of critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. Our cash balances are held in numerous locations throughout the world, including substantial amounts held outside of the United States. We have access to external sources of financing if cash is needed in the United States other than by repatriation of foreign earnings. We believe we are unable to apply our historical experience to reliably estimate the amount of rebates that will eventually be claimed by individual OEMs. Our customer programs primarily involve rebates, which are designed to serve as sales incentives to resellers of our products in various target markets. We recognize revenue from product sales when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the product has been delivered, the price is fixed or determinable, and collection of the related receivable is reasonably assured. We are aggressively defending our current litigation matters. However, there are many uncertainties associated with litigation, and we cannot be certain that these actions or other third-party claims against us will be resolved without costly litigation, fines, and/or substantial settlement payments. Our estimates of discounted cash flow involve businesses with limited financial history and developing revenue models, which increases the risk of differences between projected and actual performance. The long-term financial forecasts that we utilize represent the best estimate that we have at this time, and we believe that its underlying assumptions are reasonable. Significant differences between our estimates and actual cash flow could materially affect our future financial results, which could impact our future estimates of the fair value of our reporting units.