The current weakened commodity price environment, resulting from factors beyond our control, is creating challenges for oneok partners' crude oil and natural gas producer customers and resulted in decreased drilling activity in 2015, compared with 2014. Despite the sustained lower crude oil, natural gas, and ngl prices and reduced capital spending by producers, we continue to expect demand for midstream services and infrastructure development to be driven by producers who need to connect production with end-use markets where current infrastructure is insufficient or nonexistent. Oneok partners has mitigated partially its exposure to the current commodity price environment by growing its fee-based business. The natural gas gathering and processing segment restructured many contracts associated with a significant amount of its gathered volumes to increase the fee-based component and will continue to seek opportunities to similarly restructure additional contracts in 2016. These restructured contracts favorably impacted oneok partners' 2015 results, and it expects to receive the full benefit of the improved earnings from these contracts in its 2016 financial results. To further mitigate the impact of lower commodity prices, oneok partners has hedged a significant portion of the natural gas gathering and processing segment's expected equity volumes for 2016 and 2017. The execution of these capital investments aligns with oneok partners' strategy to generate consistent growth and sustainable earnings. Oneok partners' contractual commitments from crude oil and natural gas producers, natural gas processors, and electric generators are expected to provide incremental cash flows and long-term fee-based earnings. Oneok partners has suspended capital expenditures for certain natural gas processing plants and related infrastructure to align with the needs of its customers. Oneok partners could resume its suspended capital-growth projects when market conditions improve and customers' needs change. The significant drilling activity in recent years in the Williston basin has caused natural gas production to exceed the capacity of existing natural gas gathering and processing infrastructure, which results in the flaring of natural gas by producers. We expect oneok partners to capture a substantial amount of natural gas currently being flared by producers due to an additional processing plant and compression projects that were placed in service in late 2015 and projects that are expected to be completed in 2016. The natural gas liquids segment invests in ngl-related projects to accommodate the transportation, fractionation, and storage of ngl supply from shale and other resource development areas across oneok partners' asset base and alleviate expected infrastructure constraints between the mid-continent and gulf coast market centers to meet increasing petrochemical industry and ngl export demand in the gulf coast. Oneok partners expects to finance 2016 capital expenditures with cash flows from operations and short-term borrowings and does not expect a need to issue public debt or equity in 2016 and well into 2017. However, oneok partners may access the capital markets to issue debt or equity securities prior to that time as it considers prudent to provide liquidity for new capital projects, to maintain investment-grade credit ratings, or other partnership purposes. The ability to recover operating costs and amounts equivalent to income taxes, costs of property, plant, and equipment, and regulatory assets in state and FERC-regulated rates is critical for maintaining operational resilience.