We begin management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations with an overview of our key operating business segments and significant trends. An important element of our corporate strategy is to continue our investments in, and innovation with respect to, our products and services that we offer through our software and cloud, hardware and services businesses. We focus our development efforts on improving the performance, operation and integration of these differing technologies to make them more cost-effective and easier to deploy, manage and maintain for our customers and to improve their computing performance relative to our competitors. Our cloud offerings are designed to be rapidly deployable to enable customers shorter time to innovation; easily maintainable to reduce integration and testing work; and cost-effective by requiring lower upfront customer investment. We enable customers to evolve and transform to substantially any IT environment at whatever pace is most appropriate for them. Our software and cloud business is comprised of three operating segments: new software licenses and cloud software subscriptions, cloud infrastructure as a service, and software license updates and product support. Our cloud infrastructure as a service offerings provide comprehensive software and hardware management and maintenance services for customer IT infrastructure for a fee for a stated term that is hosted at our Oracle data center facilities, select partner data centers or physically on-premises at customer facilities. We continue to evolve hardware systems support processes that are intended to proactively identify and solve quality issues and to increase the amount of new and renewed hardware systems support contracts sold in connection with the sales of our hardware systems products. Our selective and active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy. We believe our acquisitions enhance the products and services that we can offer to customers, expand our customer base, provide greater scale to accelerate innovation, grow our revenues and earnings, and increase stockholder value. We have a deep understanding as to how all components within IT environments interact and function with one another. Our commitment to industry standards results in software that works in customer environments with Oracle or non-Oracle hardware or software components and that can be adapted to meet specific industry or business needs. We focus the engineering of our products and services to best connect these different deployment models to enable flexibility, ease, agility, compatibility, extensibility and seamlessness. Our hardware products are designed to seamlessly connect on-premises and cloud IT environments to further enable interoperability, interchangeability and extendibility and to work in customer environments that may include other Oracle or non-Oracle hardware or software components. We strive to renew cloud SaaS and PaaS contracts when they are eligible for renewal. Our acquisitions have increased our software support contract base, as well as the portfolio of products available to be licensed and supported. We recorded adjustments to reduce software support obligations assumed in business combinations to their estimated fair values at the acquisition dates. We believe we can fund our future acquisitions with our internally available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings or from the issuance of additional securities. Our management approved, committed to and initiated restructuring plans that were generally developed to improve our cost structure and/or operations, often in conjunction with our acquisition integration strategies. Restructuring expenses consist of employee severance costs and may also include charges for duplicate facilities and other contract termination costs to improve our cost structure prospectively.