We have ongoing initiatives aimed at tailoring our product offering to adjust to customers' changing preferences and we also have initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance. We believe the key drivers of current and future demand of the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of U.S. miles driven, number of U.S. registered vehicles, new light vehicle registrations, average vehicle age and unemployment. The total number of vehicles on the road and the average age of the vehicle population heavily influence the demand for products sold within the automotive aftermarket industry. As the average age of the vehicle on the road increases, a larger percentage of miles are being driven by vehicles that are outside of a manufacturer warranty. These out-of-warranty, older vehicles generate strong demand for automotive aftermarket products as they go through more routine maintenance cycles, have more frequent mechanical failures and generally require more maintenance than newer vehicles. We believe consumers will continue to invest in these reliable, higher-quality, higher-mileage vehicles and these investments, along with an increasing total light vehicle fleet, will support continued demand for automotive aftermarket products. We remain confident in our ability to gain market share in our existing markets and grow our business in new markets by focusing on our dual market strategy and the core O'Reilly values of hard work and excellent customer service. The increase in gross profit dollars for the year ended December 31, 2015, was primarily a result of the increase in comparable store sales at existing stores and sales from new stores. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales for the year ended December 31, 2015, was primarily due to product acquisition cost improvements, a smaller non-cash negative last-in, last-out impact and distribution system efficiencies. Our supplier financing programs enable us to reduce overall supply chain costs and negotiate extended payment terms with our suppliers. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities in 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to an increase in net income and a greater increase in income taxes payable. We believe that cash expected to be provided by operating activities and availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund both our short-term and long-term capital and liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. We have developed sophisticated systems for monitoring the life cycle of a given product and, accordingly, have historically been very successful in adjusting the volume of our inventory in conjunction with a decrease in demand. We use various self-insurance mechanisms to provide for potential liabilities from workers' compensation, vehicle and general liability, and employee health care benefits. The assumptions made by management as they relate to each of these factors represent our judgment as to the most probable cumulative impact of each factor to our future obligations. Our calculation of self-insurance liabilities requires management to apply judgment to estimate the ultimate cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported as of the balance sheet date. We are currently involved in litigation incidental to the ordinary conduct of our business. Management, with the assistance of outside legal counsel, must make estimates of potential legal obligations and possible liabilities arising from such litigation and records reserves for these expenditures. We believe that the presentation of our free cash flow, consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio and consolidated leverage ratio provides meaningful supplemental information to both management and investors and reflects the required covenants under our credit agreement.