We are a leading provider of payroll, human resource, insurance, and benefits outsourcing solutions for small- to medium-sized businesses. Our strategy focuses on flexible, convenient service; industry-leading, integrated technology; solid sales execution; providing a comprehensive suite of value-added human capital management services; continued service penetration; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We continue to drive growth in clients, revenue, and profits while managing our personnel costs and expenses, particularly in leading-edge technology, which we believe are critical to our success. Our mission is to be an essential partner with America's businesses, which we believe will lead to strong long-term financial performance. We achieved a milestone of $1 billion of human resource services revenue for fiscal 2015, driven by strong demand for our comprehensive human resource outsourcing solutions. Our sales execution was strong as we achieved significant growth in new annualized revenue, and we achieved record levels of client retention, ending fiscal 2015 in excess of 82% of the beginning of the year client base. Our client satisfaction results remained high, which we believe is a result of our focus on providing innovative technology solutions and outstanding personal service to maximize client retention. We continue to position ourselves to capitalize on the opportunities arising from the shift to software-as-a-service solutions as we increase our investment in product development relating to our SaaS capabilities and mobile applications. We introduced Paychex Flex, a solution that includes our leading-edge, cloud-based platform and mobility applications, which streamlines workforce management through innovative technology and flexible choice of service. This provides a unique blend of both service and software that we believe differentiates us from our competitors. The comprehensive, cloud-based Paychex Flex platform offers powerful capabilities in a simple user experience that is adaptive to the needs of users across the human capital management spectrum. We provide free webinars, white papers, and other information on our website to aid existing and prospective clients with the impact of regulatory changes. Our financial position as of May 31, 2015, remained strong with cash and total corporate investments of $936.4 million and no debt. We anticipate that cash and total corporate investments, along with projected operating cash flows, will support our normal business operations, capital purchases, business acquisitions, share repurchases, and dividend payments for the foreseeable future. We believe that our investments as of May 31, 2015, were not other-than-temporarily impaired, nor has any event occurred subsequent to that date that would indicate any other-than-temporary impairment. Our positive cash flows in fiscal 2015 allowed us to support our business growth and to pay substantial dividends to our stockholders. The increase in our operating cash flows for fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014 is primarily the result of higher net income, adjusted for non-cash items. We continue to strengthen our position as an expert in our industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, small businesses, and other interested parties. We are committed to maintaining our organizational resilience through strategic initiatives that enhance our adaptability and operational flexibility in response to market demands and external pressures.