Our business plan is designed to achieve growth while managing the risks associated with fluctuating commodity prices and changes in customer demand. We continue our focus on operational excellence, financial strength, and disciplined investment, which have provided the base from which we have been able to execute our strategic initiatives, including maintaining and expanding a reliable generation fleet with the flexibility to utilize a diverse mix of fuels that allows us to respond to market volatility and capitalize on opportunities as they arise. Our focus has been to invest capital in transmission and distribution and other infrastructure projects aimed at maintaining service reliability to our customers and bolstering our system resiliency. In 2015, we continued to make investments and seek recovery on such investments made to improve the resiliency of our gas and electric distribution system as part of our energy strong program. We strive to improve performance and reduce costs in order to enhance the value of our generation fleet in light of low gas prices, environmental considerations, and competitive market forces that reward efficiency and reliability. Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance in a slow-moving economy and a cost-constrained environment with low gas prices, to capitalize on or otherwise address appropriately regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business, and to respond to the issues and challenges described. We must continue to focus on controlling costs while maintaining safety and reliability and complying with applicable standards and requirements, successfully manage our energy obligations, execute our utility capital investment program, including our energy strong program, and advocate for measures to ensure the implementation by PJM and FERC of market design and transmission planning rules that continue to promote fair and efficient electricity markets. Our strategic options include the acquisition, construction, or disposition of transmission and distribution facilities and/or generation units, the expansion of our geographic footprint, and continued or expanded participation in solar, demand response, and energy efficiency programs. The execution of any such strategic plan may not have the expected benefits or may have unexpected adverse consequences. We effectively deployed capital without the need for additional equity, while our solid credit ratings aided our ability to access capital and credit markets. Our investments in transmission projects have altered our business mix to reflect a higher percentage contribution by PSE&G. We believe that our focus on operational flexibility, strategic initiatives, and stakeholder engagement will enhance our organizational resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptive events. The energy strong program provides for significant investment aimed at improving the resiliency of our systems, which is critical for maintaining operational continuity and performance under pressure. We are committed to enhancing our organizational capabilities and adapting to complex situations through strategic foresight and proactive measures, ensuring that we are well-positioned to confront future challenges and maintain our competitive advantage.