Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations indicates that our centralized information networks, national telephone and online reservation system, and the brand name "Public Storage" enable us to meet challenges effectively. Our self-storage operations generated most of our net income, and we believe that our real estate development activities are beneficial to our business operations over the long run. However, in the short run, due to the three to four year period that it takes to fill up newly developed storage space and achieve a stabilized level of cash flows, our earnings are diluted because earnings from those newly developed and expanded facilities are less than the cost of the capital required to fund the development cost. We expect the dilution to grow in 2016 and beyond due to the increasing level of development and unstabilized properties in our portfolio. Our capital resources include cash, available borrowing capacity, and expected retained operating cash flow, which we believe will continue to be sufficient to enable us to meet our ongoing requirements for operating expenses, capital improvements, and distributions to our shareholders for the foreseeable future. We have a variety of possibilities to raise additional capital, if needed, to fund future commitments including issuing common or preferred securities, issuing debt, or entering into joint venture arrangements to acquire or develop facilities. Our self-storage operations are analyzed in two groups: same store facilities and non-same store facilities. The increase in net operating income for the non-same store facilities is due primarily to the impact of the acquisition and development of facilities since January 2013. We believe that our geographic diversification and scale provide some insulation from localized economic effects and add to the stability of our cash flows. We expect to continue to seek additional development projects; however, the level of future development may be limited due to various constraints such as difficulty in finding projects that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations and challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage activities in certain municipalities. Our operating results indicate that we have been able to achieve increases in self-storage net operating income due to higher revenues offset in part by modest expense growth in our same store facilities. We believe that the current trends in move-ins, move-outs, and occupancy levels are consistent with our expectation of continued revenue growth. However, such trends are subject to many short-term factors and may not necessarily predict future revenues. We expect to continue to pass similar rent increases to long-term tenants as we did in previous years. Our planned capital needs consist of remaining spend on our current development pipeline, property acquisitions currently under contract, and principal repayments on existing debt. We believe that our management and operating infrastructure allows us to generate higher net operating income from newly acquired facilities than was achieved by the previous owners, although it can take time to fully achieve these higher levels of income. The ultimate levels of net operating income can be affected by changes in general economic conditions. We expect the non-same store facilities to continue to provide increased net operating income as these facilities approach stabilized occupancy levels.