We are a leading provider of specialty contracting services, offering infrastructure solutions primarily to the electric power and oil and gas industries. Our integrated operations and common administrative support require that certain allocations, including allocations of shared and indirect costs, be made to determine operating segment profitability. Our electric power infrastructure services segment provides comprehensive network solutions, including emergency restoration services and the installation of "smart grid" technologies, which enhance operational flexibility and resilience. The oil and gas infrastructure services segment includes the design, installation, repair, and maintenance of pipeline systems, which are critical for adapting to fluctuations in market demand and environmental conditions. We recognize that our industry can be highly cyclical, and our volume of business may be adversely affected by declines or delays in new projects due to cyclicality, which may vary by geographic region. We are closely monitoring our customers and the effect that changes in economic and market conditions have on them, as certain customers have reduced or delayed spending in recent years. Our financial and operational strengths enable us to manage challenges and uncertainties, and we remain optimistic about our near-term and long-term opportunities. We believe that long-term production of natural gas and oil from North American unconventional shale formations will continue, creating demand for our infrastructure services. The regulatory and environmental permitting processes remain a hurdle for some proposed projects, but we expect many of these projects to move forward over a multi-year period. We have developed strong strategic alliances with numerous customers and strive to maintain our status as a preferred vendor. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite adversity is critical to our organizational resilience. We recognize revenue on our unit price and cost-plus contracts as units are completed or services are performed, which reflects our adaptability to customer needs and market conditions. Our operational management practices include maintaining a portion of our workforce and equipment in an underutilized capacity to ensure we are strategically positioned to deliver on larger projects when they move forward. We anticipate that utilities will continue to integrate "smart grid" technologies into their distribution systems over time, which will further enhance our operational capabilities. We believe that our comprehensive services, industry knowledge, and experience in the design, installation, and maintenance of renewable energy facilities will enable us to support our customers' renewable energy efforts. We also expect that increased infrastructure spending by our customers will result from regulatory requirements to meet federal reliability standards. Our strategic initiatives include evaluating potential acquisitions to broaden our customer base and expand our geographic area of operation, which is essential for sustaining organizational health and resilience in a turbulent market environment.