Developing and commercializing new medicines entails significant risk and expense, and our ability to continue to generate profits and positive cash flow from operations depends significantly on our continued success in commercializing Eylea. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are rapidly evolving and highly competitive, and new developments may render our products and technologies uncompetitive or obsolete. The planning, execution, and results of our clinical programs are significant factors that can affect our operating and financial results. We expect to incur substantial costs related to the commercialization of Praluent and preparation for potential commercialization of our late-stage antibody product candidates. Our financial results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend on various factors, including the scope and progress of our research and development efforts, the timing of certain expenses, and the continuation of our collaborations. We recognize that the lengthy process of seeking FDA approvals and subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial resources. Any failure to obtain, or delay in obtaining, regulatory approvals could materially adversely affect our business. We prepare estimates of research and development costs for projects in clinical development, which include direct costs and allocations of certain costs related to activities that benefit multiple projects. The amount of funding required for our clinical programs depends upon the results of our research and preclinical programs and early-stage clinical trials, regulatory requirements, and the duration and results of clinical trials underway. We expect continued increases in our expenditures, particularly in connection with our research and development activities, costs related to the preparation for potential commercialization of our late-stage antibody product candidates, and commercialization of Eylea and Praluent. Our existing capital resources, borrowing availability under our revolving credit facility, and funds generated by anticipated Eylea net product sales will enable us to meet our projected operating needs for the foreseeable future. We also recognize that our ability to adapt to environmental changes and maintain operational flexibility is crucial for our organizational resilience. The collaboration agreements we have with Sanofi and Bayer Healthcare require us to share profits and losses in connection with commercialization of drug products, which reflects our inter-organizational collaboration and resource allocation strategies. Our contingent reimbursement obligations to our collaborators are significant, and we expect that a portion of our share of profits from sales of Eylea outside the United States will be used to reimburse our collaborator for these obligations. We are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to supply clinical requirements of each drug candidate under the collaboration until commercial supplies of that drug candidate are being manufactured. The uncertainties associated with drug development, including changes in regulatory requirements and the competitive landscape, necessitate a strategic response to ensure organizational health and adaptability. We continuously assess our operational resources and capabilities to enhance our performance under pressure and ensure our organizational survival amidst external pressures and market volatility.