We are a diversified technology company. We pursue consistent and sustainable growth in earnings and cash flow by emphasizing continuous improvement in the operating performance of our existing businesses and by acquiring other carefully selected businesses. Our acquisitions have represented both additions to existing businesses and new strategic platforms. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles requires the use of estimates, assumptions, judgments, and interpretations that can affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. The development of accounting estimates is the responsibility of our management. Accounts receivable collectibility is based on the economic circumstances of customers and credits given to customers after shipment of products. The returns and other sales credit allowance is an estimate of customer returns, exchanges, discounts, or other forms of anticipated concessions and is treated as a reduction in revenue. We regularly compare inventory quantities on hand against anticipated future usage, which we determine as a function of historical usage or forecasts related to specific items in order to evaluate obsolescence and excessive quantities. Most of our sales are covered by warranty provisions that generally provide for the repair or replacement of qualifying defective items for a specified period after the time of sale. Future warranty obligations are evaluated using, among other factors, historical cost experience, product evolution, and customer feedback. Our expense for warranty obligations was less than 1% of net sales for each of the years ended December 31. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2015 was primarily due to increased earnings net of intangible amortization related to acquisitions and the collection of receivables. We believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our credit facility will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements and future acquisition activities. We anticipate that our businesses will generate positive cash flows from operating activities, and that these cash flows will permit the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule. However, the rate at which we can reduce our debt during 2016 will be affected by the financing and operating requirements of any new acquisitions and the financial performance of our existing companies. The assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management. The increase was due primarily to higher compensation costs, including increased equity compensation. We expect existing cash and cash equivalents, cash generated by our U.S. operations, our unsecured credit facility, as well as our expected ability to access the capital markets, will be sufficient to fund operating requirements in the U.S. for the foreseeable future. We may also explore alternatives to attract additional capital resources. The increase in orders was due to orders from acquisitions which added 5%, offset by negative organic growth and a negative foreign exchange impact. We evaluate whether there has been an impairment of identifiable intangible assets with definite useful economic lives when certain indicators of impairment are present. The assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management. We consider various qualitative factors, including macroeconomic conditions, relevant industry and market trends, cost factors, overall financial performance, and other entity-specific events that could indicate a potential change in the fair value of our reporting unit or the composition of its carrying values.