Our primary objective is to pursue and refine our existing off-price strategies to maintain and improve both profitability and financial returns over the long term. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. We also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. We intend to address the competitive climate for off-price apparel and home goods by pursuing and refining our existing strategies and by continuing to strengthen our organization, diversify our merchandise mix, and more fully develop our systems to improve regional and local merchandise offerings. Our sales and earnings gains in 2015 continued to benefit from efficient execution of our off-price model throughout all areas of our business. We closely monitor market share trends for the off-price industry and believe our share gains over the past few years were driven mainly by continued focus on value by consumers. Our expansion strategy is to open additional stores based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. We regularly review the age and condition of our merchandise and are able to maintain current merchandise inventory in our stores through replenishment processes and liquidation of slower-moving merchandise through clearance markdowns. The timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores is principally driven by the product mix and seasonality of the merchandise, and its relation to our store merchandise assortment plans. Changes in packaway inventory levels impact our operating cash flow. We expect to continue to take advantage of packaway inventory opportunities to maximize our ability to deliver bargains to our customers. We anticipate that our effective tax rate for fiscal 2016 will be between 37% and 38%. Our liquidity and capital requirements were provided by available cash and cash flows from operations and in fiscal 2014, the issuance of our unsecured 3.375% senior notes due September 2024. We plan to renew our revolving credit facility in 2016. We estimate that existing cash balances, cash flows from operations, bank credit lines, and trade credit are adequate to meet our operating cash needs and to fund our planned capital investments, common stock repurchases, and quarterly dividend payments for at least the next twelve months. We cannot be sure that the gross profit margins realized in fiscal 2015, 2014, and 2013 will continue in future years. Our capital expenditures include costs to build or expand distribution centers, open new stores and improve existing stores, and for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems, buying, and corporate offices. We are forecasting approximately $425 million in capital expenditures for fiscal year 2016 to fund costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open new Ross and dd's discounts stores, the upgrade or relocation of existing stores, investments in information technology systems, and for various other expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying and corporate offices. We regularly review the adequacy of credit available to us from all sources and expect to be able to maintain adequate trade credit, bank lines, and other credit sources to meet our capital and liquidity requirements, including lease payment obligations, in 2016. Our existing $600 million unsecured revolving credit facility expires in June 2017 and contains a $300 million sublimit for issuance of standby letters of credit. We use standby letters of credit outside of our revolving credit facility in addition to a funded trust to collateralize our insurance obligations. We had $32.0 million and $32.8 million in trade letters of credit outstanding at January 30, 2016 and January 31, 2015, respectively. The factors underlying our forecasts are dynamic and subject to change.