In connection with our restructuring, we will further evaluate our 2016 reporting segments. We have considered the implications of our restructuring on our reporting units used to measure for goodwill impairment, and we have noted no indicators of goodwill impairment. Our team remains focused on executing our strategy to deliver consistent earnings and free cash flow growth, and improve return on invested capital. During 2015, we collected an insurance recovery of $50.0 million related to our closed Bridgeton landfill in Missouri. We continue to work with state and federal regulatory agencies on our remediation efforts. As such, we recorded a reduction of remediation expenses included in our cost of operations during the year ended December 31, 2015. We expect the savings realized from these restructuring efforts will be re-invested in our customer-focused programs and other initiatives we recently launched. We will consolidate over 100 customer service locations into three customer resource centers. The new state-of-the-art facilities and the technology deployed will provide our customer service employees with the tools and capabilities they need to provide better service to customers across a myriad of touch points, including voice, email, text, social channels, and live chat. We strive to have a number one or number two market position in each of the markets we serve, or have a clear path on how we will achieve a leading market position over time. In situations where we cannot establish a leading market position, or where operations are not generating acceptable returns, we may decide to divest certain assets and reallocate resources to other markets. Our definition of adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income - republic, and adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. We believe that presenting adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income - republic, and adjusted diluted earnings per share, which are not measures determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (U.S. GAAP), provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial impact of certain items. We have incurred comparable charges and costs and have recorded similar recoveries in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. We are committed to an efficient capital structure, maintaining our investment-grade credit ratings, and increasing cash returns to our shareholders. Our guidance is based on current economic conditions and does not assume any significant changes in the overall economy in 2016. We expect 2016 revenue to increase by approximately 2.5% to 3.0%. We believe that our excess cash, cash from operating activities, and our availability to draw from our credit facilities provide us with sufficient financial resources to meet our anticipated capital requirements and maturing obligations as they come due. We may also explore opportunities in the capital markets to fund redemptions should market conditions be favorable. We have not reduced the liabilities we have recorded for recoveries from other potentially responsible parties or insurance companies. Our estimates of these liabilities require assumptions about uncertain future events. Thus, our estimates could change substantially as additional information becomes available regarding the nature or extent of contamination, the required remediation methods, timing of expenditures, the final apportionment of responsibility among the potentially responsible parties identified, the financial viability of those parties, and the actions of governmental agencies or private parties with interests in the matter. We periodically review the status of all environmental matters and update our estimates of the likelihood of and future expenditures for remediation as necessary. Changes in the liabilities resulting from these reviews are recognized currently in earnings in the period in which the adjustment is known.