Despite global economic uncertainty, we have maintained profitability and positive cash flow on an annual basis in recent years. We achieved these results not only because of our solid execution, leading technology, and strong customer relationships, but also because of our time-based revenue business model. Under this model, a substantial majority of our customers pay for their licenses over time, which allows us to recognize this revenue over the life of the contract, averaging approximately three years. The revenue we recognize in a particular period generally results from selling efforts in prior periods rather than the current period. Due to our business model, decreases as well as increases in customer spending do not immediately affect our revenues in a significant way. Our growth strategy is based on building on our leadership in our EDA products, expanding and proliferating our IP offerings, and driving growth in the software quality and security market. We have continued to make investments in the software quality and security space with additional recent acquisitions, which we believe have expanded our total addressable market. As we continue to expand our product portfolio, we may experience increased variability in our revenue, though we generally expect time-based revenue to continue to represent approximately 90% of our total revenue. Our overall business outlook remains solid based on our leading technology, customer relationships, business model, diligent expense management, and acquisition strategy. We believe that these factors will help us continue to successfully execute our strategies. Our expenses are generally impacted by changes in personnel-related costs including salaries, benefits, stock compensation, and variable compensation; changes in amortization; and changes in selling and marketing expenses. The increase in our expenses compared to prior fiscal years was primarily due to an increase in personnel-related costs, driven by increased headcount from our organic growth and acquisitions. We allocate certain human resource programs, information technology, and facility expenses among our functional income statement categories based on headcount within each functional area. Annually, or upon a significant change in headcount or other factors, management reviews the allocation methodology and expenses included in the allocation pool. Our customer arrangements are complex, involving hundreds of products and various license rights, and our customers bargain with us over many aspects of these arrangements. We experience variability in our revenue due to factors such as the timing of IP consulting projects and royalties and certain contracts where revenue is recognized when customer installment payments are due, as well as volatility in hardware sales. The sequential increase in total revenue from fiscal 2013 through fiscal 2015 was due to our overall organic growth and revenues from acquired companies. The increases were primarily in time-based license revenue and hardware sales. We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash generated from operations, and available credit under our revolver will satisfy our routine business requirements for at least the next 12 months and the foreseeable future. We proactively manage our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments balances and closely monitor our capital and stock repurchase activities to ensure ample liquidity. Our available-for-sale securities portfolio is regularly reviewed, and we believe it will allow us to effectively manage the risks associated with our investment portfolio. The overall credit quality of our investment portfolio is strong, with our global excess cash, and our cash equivalents and fixed income portfolio invested in banks and securities with a weighted-average credit rating exceeding AA.