We are a leading benchmarks and ratings, analytics, data and research provider serving the global capital, commodities and commercial markets. Our mission is to promote sustainable growth in these markets by providing customers with essential intelligence and superior service. We seek to accomplish our mission and vision within the framework of our core values of fairness, integrity, and transparency. We will strive to drive global growth by focusing on executing our strategic initiatives, strengthening core capabilities, and collaborating across businesses. We will strive to deliver operational excellence, manage and mitigate risk, and enhance leadership and accountability. The anticipated disposal of J.D. Power does not represent a strategic shift that will have a major effect on operations and financial results. We have committed to and initiated an active program to sell J.D. Power in its current state that we believe is probable in the next year. Our operations consist of four reportable segments, and we have continued to focus on investments in targeted financial assets, divesting selected non-core assets, and increasing shareholder return. We have created a portfolio focused on scalable, industry-leading, interrelated businesses in the capital and commodity markets. We have recorded an after-tax gain on the sale of McGraw Hill Construction, which has historically been part of our Commodities & Commercial segment. Our strategy includes investing for growth in markets that have size and scale while exiting non-core assets. We have continued to execute our strategy of investing for growth in markets that have size and scale while exiting non-core assets. Our vision is to be the leading provider of transparent and independent benchmarks and ratings, analytics, data, and research in the global capital, commodities, and corporate markets. We are aligning our efforts against two key strategic priorities: creating growth and driving performance. We have returned $3.3 billion to our shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and our quarterly dividends. Our revenue growth has been driven by increases at S&P Capital IQ and SNL, Commodities & Commercial, and S&P DJ Indices. The revenue increase at Commodities & Commercial was primarily driven by continued demand for Platts' proprietary content. We have classified the assets and liabilities of J.D. Power as held for sale in our consolidated balance sheet. We have streamlined our infrastructure by reducing our real estate footprint and consolidating our corporate headquarters. We have recorded a significant increase in operating profit due to revenue growth and cost containment efforts. The anticipated increase in operational flexibility is expected to enhance our ability to respond to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations. We have a strong financial position, and our primary source of funds for operations is cash from our businesses. Our cash flow provided by operating activities decreased primarily due to the payment of legal and regulatory settlements. We believe that the amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flow expected from operations, and availability under our credit facility will be adequate for us to execute our business strategy and meet anticipated requirements for lease obligations, capital expenditures, working capital, and debt service. We expect to continue to invest in digital capabilities that will enable our brands to become more integrated in our customers' workflows, compete more effectively in the marketplace, and create a foundation for the development of new products and revenue streams.