Stryker Corporation is committed to internal innovation to develop products and services that improve outcomes and deliver greater cost savings and efficiencies. Our success further depends on the ability of our people to execute effectively, every day. We believe our success in the highly competitive product categories in which we operate depends on our ability to develop new products and make improvements to existing products. We express this through our mission statement: "together with our customers, we are driven to make healthcare better." We achieved sales growth of 2.8% in 2015, in line with our ongoing goal to grow organic sales at the high-end of the medical technology industry. Our capital allocation strategy prioritizes acquisitions, dividends, and share repurchases, which reflects our strategic response to maintain operational flexibility and adaptability in a competitive landscape. We have a strong business results and a global cash management strategy that takes into account liquidity management, economic factors, and tax considerations. Our financial condition continues to be of high quality, as evidenced by our ability to generate substantial cash from operations and ready access to capital markets at competitive rates. We anticipate being able to support our short-term liquidity and operating needs from a variety of sources, including cash from operations, commercial paper, and existing credit lines. We continually evaluate our receivables and believe that our current reserves related to receivables are adequate. We have raised funds in the capital markets and may continue to do so from time to time. Our overall cash position shows our strong business results and a global cash management strategy that takes into account liquidity management, economic factors, and tax considerations. We are involved in various ongoing proceedings, legal actions, and claims arising in the normal course of business, including proceedings related to product, labor, and intellectual property. The outcomes of these matters will generally not be known for prolonged periods of time. In certain of the legal proceedings, the claimants seek damages, as well as other compensatory and equitable relief, that could result in the payment of significant claims and settlements. We are currently self-insured for product liability-related claims and expenses. The ultimate cost to us with respect to product liability claims could be materially different than the amount of the current estimates and accruals and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. We believe that our current reserves related to receivables are adequate and any additional credit risk associated with the southern European region is not expected to have a material adverse impact on our financial position or liquidity. We continually evaluate our receivables and have existing credit facilities should additional funds be required. Our estimates of the useful lives of determinable-lived intangibles are primarily based on competitive environment, market share, trademark and/or brand history, and underlying product life cycles. We have a number of audits in process in various jurisdictions. Although the resolution of these tax positions is uncertain, based on currently available information, we believe that it is more likely than not that the ultimate outcomes will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.