The company has insurance operations in Canada, the United Kingdom, and the Republic of Ireland, as well as in Brazil, primarily through a joint venture. The results of operations of the acquired business are reported in the company's business and international insurance segment from the closing date. The company utilizes various analyses and methods, including proprietary and third-party computer modeling processes, to analyze catastrophic events and the risks associated with them. The company actively monitors and evaluates changes in third-party models and, when necessary, calibrates the catastrophe risk model estimates delivered via its own proprietary modeling processes. The company employs a conservative investment philosophy, with a significant majority of funds available for investment deployed in a widely diversified portfolio of high quality, liquid, taxable U.S. government, tax-exempt U.S. municipal and taxable corporate and U.S. agency mortgage-backed bonds. The company has engaged in securities lending activities from which it generates net investment income by lending certain of its investments to other institutions for short periods of time. The company believes that the property and casualty insurance industry has suffered from court decisions and other trends that have expanded insurance coverage for asbestos claims far beyond the original intent of insurers and policyholders. The company continues to receive a significant number of asbestos claims from the company's policyholders, which includes others seeking coverage under a policy. The company has been, and continues to be, involved in litigation involving insurance coverage issues pertaining to environmental claims. The company believes that some court decisions have interpreted the insurance coverage to be broader than the original intent of the insurers and policyholders. The company has entered into settlement agreements in connection with a number of direct action claims and has been involved in litigation concerning whether all of the conditions of the direct action settlements had been satisfied. The company has also seen a moderation in the overall risk associated with these lawsuits, but remains uncertain regarding the ultimate cost of these claims. The company continues to pursue settlement opportunities and is involved in coverage litigation concerning a number of policyholders. The company has significant discretion in making contributions above those necessary to satisfy the minimum funding requirements for its qualified domestic pension plan. The company expects retention levels will remain strong by historical standards. The company has insurance operations in Canada, the United Kingdom, and the Republic of Ireland, as well as in Brazil, primarily through a joint venture. The company has entered into two reinsurance contracts in connection with catastrophe bonds issued by Long Point Re III. The company also holds a small amount of other fixed maturity investments that have characteristics that make them unsuitable for matrix pricing. The company utilizes various report year development and S-curve methods for the construction defect components of this product line. The company has also implemented various other processes including randomly selecting purchased or sold securities and comparing execution prices to the estimates from the pricing service. The company has a strong capital position and, as part of its ongoing efforts to create shareholder value, expects to continue to return capital not needed to support its business operations to its shareholders. The company expects that, generally over time, the combination of dividends to common shareholders and common share repurchases will likely not exceed operating income. The company regularly reviews emerging issues, such as changing climate conditions, to consider potential changes to its modeling and the use of such modeling, as well as to help determine the need for new underwriting strategies, coverage modifications, or new products.