We design, make and sell semiconductors to electronics designers and manufacturers all over the world. Our business model is carefully constructed around the industry's broadest portfolio of differentiated analog and embedded processing semiconductors. The breadth of our portfolio means we can solve more of these needs than can our competitors, which gives us access to more customers and the opportunity to generate more revenue per system. We invest more than $1 billion each year to develop new products for our portfolio. Our strong foundation of manufacturing technology and low-cost production helps ensure a consistent supply of products for our customers. We produce billions of semiconductors each year on a mixture of 150-, 200- and 300-millimeter wafers, and we are able to keep costs low for manufacturing facilities and equipment because our analog and much of our embedded processing semiconductors can be made using mature assets that we acquire ahead of demand when their prices are most attractive. The majority of our future analog growth will be produced on 300-millimeter wafers, which will be meaningful to the growth of our margins and cash flow over the long term. Our global sales force is larger than those of our competitors, and the breadth of our portfolio attracts tens of millions of visits to our website each year where customers often begin their initial product searches and design-in journey. These capabilities combine to provide us unique access to more than 100,000 customers. The attributes above result in diverse and long-lived positions that deliver high terminal value to our shareholders. Because of the breadth of our portfolio, we are not dependent on any single product, and because of the breadth of our markets, we are not dependent on any single application or customer. The combined effect of these attributes is that we have consistently grown free cash flow and gained market share in analog and embedded processing. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. In 2015, free cash flow was 28.6 percent of revenue, up from 26.9 percent a year ago and consistent with our targeted range of 20-30 percent of revenue. During the year, we returned $4.2 billion of cash to investors through a combination of stock repurchases and dividends. Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. We continued to perform well in 2015, reflecting our focus on analog and embedded processing semiconductors. These products serve highly diverse markets with thousands of applications, and we believe have dependable long-term growth opportunities. Our gross margin of 58.2 percent for the year reflects the quality of our product portfolio, as well as the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy. Our financial condition at the end of 2015 indicates we believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. We monitor collectability of accounts receivable primarily through review of the accounts receivable aging. Our judgment regarding future recoverability of our deferred tax assets may change due to various factors, including changes in market conditions and their impact on our assessment of taxable income in future periods. Actual future write-offs of inventory for salability and obsolescence reasons may differ from estimates and calculations used to determine valuation allowances due to changes in customer demand, customer negotiations, technology shifts and other factors.