We are an energy infrastructure company focused on connecting North America's significant hydrocarbon resource plays to growing markets for natural gas, NGLs, and olefins. Our ongoing strategy is to safely and reliably operate large-scale, interstate natural gas transmission and midstream infrastructures where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers and investing in growing markets, including the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the Marcellus shale, and areas of increasing natural gas demand. Our strategy remains intact as we continue to execute on infrastructure projects that serve long-term natural gas needs. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. We retain the flexibility to adjust planned levels of capital and investment expenditures in response to changes in economic conditions or business opportunities. We continue to address risks through maintaining a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as through managing a diversified portfolio of energy infrastructure assets which continue to serve key markets and basins in North America. Our business plan includes significant reductions in capital investment and expenses from our previous plans, anticipating that commodity prices will remain challenged and costs of capital will remain sharply higher. We expect proceeds from planned asset monetizations in excess of $1 billion during 2016. Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2016 are expected to total $2.2 billion, which is a $1.5 billion reduction from our previous plans. Approximately $1.3 billion of our growth capital funding needs include Transco expansions and other interstate pipeline growth projects, most of which are fully contracted with firm transportation agreements. We also remain committed to projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that meet legal, regulatory, and/or contractual commitments. Our expected growth capital and investment expenditures reflect investments in gathering and processing systems limited to known new producer volumes, including wells drilled and completed awaiting connecting infrastructure. We are indirectly exposed to longer duration depressed energy commodity prices and the related impact on drilling activities and volumes available for gathering and processing services. Our liquidity is expected to be sufficient to manage our businesses in 2016, based on forecasted levels of cash flow from operations and other sources of liquidity. We have various other guarantees and commitments which we do not believe will prevent us from meeting our liquidity needs. We evaluate our property, plant, and equipment for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. We have a strong commitment to safety, environmental stewardship, operational excellence, and customer satisfaction. The potential risks and obstacles that could impact the execution of our plan include further downgrades of our credit ratings, higher cost of capital, counterparty credit and performance risk, and unexpected significant increases in capital expenditures or delays in capital project execution. We continue to monitor these risks and adapt our strategies accordingly to maintain operational flexibility and resilience in a turbulent market environment.