The company's operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions, and adverse economic conditions can materially adversely affect the company's business, results of operations, and financial condition. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including slow growth or recession, high unemployment, inflation, tighter credit, higher interest rates, and currency fluctuations, can adversely impact consumer confidence and spending and materially adversely affect demand for the company's products and services. The company has a large, global business with sales outside the U.S. representing a majority of the company's total net sales, and the company believes that it generally benefits from growth in international trade. Political events, trade and other international disputes, war, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents, and other business interruptions can harm or disrupt international commerce and the global economy. Many of the company's operations and facilities, as well as critical business operations of the company's suppliers and contract manufacturers, are in locations that are prone to earthquakes and other natural disasters. Such events can make it difficult or impossible for the company to manufacture and deliver products to its customers, create delays and inefficiencies in the company's supply and manufacturing chain, and result in slowdowns and outages to the company's service offerings. The company's operations are also subject to the risks of industrial accidents at its suppliers and contract manufacturers. Major public health issues, including pandemics, have adversely affected the company due to their impact on the global economy and demand for consumer products. The company relies on single or limited sources for the supply and manufacture of many critical components, and a business interruption affecting such sources would exacerbate any negative consequences to the company. The company's business and reputation are impacted by information technology system failures and network disruptions, which can adversely impact the company's business by preventing access to the company's online services, interfering with customer transactions, or impeding the manufacturing and shipping of the company's products. The company is exposed to the risk of write-downs on the value of its inventory and other assets, which could have a material adverse impact on the company's results of operations and financial condition. The company's future performance depends in part on support from third-party software developers, and the availability of third-party software applications and services for its products depends on the developers' perception and analysis of the relative benefits of developing, maintaining, and upgrading such software. The company believes that its distinctive and inclusive culture is a significant driver of its success, and if the company is unable to nurture its culture, it could materially adversely affect the company's ability to recruit and retain highly skilled employees. The company has invested, and in the future may invest, in new business strategies or acquisitions, which may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations and greater-than-expected liabilities and expenses. The company's business is subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws, rules, policies, and other obligations regarding data protection, and compliance with these laws and regulations is onerous and expensive. The company's financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to local currencies, and the company is exposed to credit risk on its trade accounts receivable, vendor non-trade receivables, and prepayments related to long-term supply agreements.