The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, reputation, prospects, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, liquidity, and stock price. Our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. Our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, and we have many competitors across geographies, including cross-border competition, and in different industries. Competition continues to intensify, including with the development of new business models and the entry of new and well-funded competitors. Our expansion into new products, services, technologies, and geographic regions subjects us to additional risks; we may have limited or no experience in our newer market segments, and our customers may not adopt our product or service offerings. Our international operations expose us to a number of risks, including local economic and political conditions, government regulation, and compliance with various laws. The variability in our retail business places increased strain on our operations, as demand for our products and services can fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including as a result of seasonality, promotions, product launches, or unforeseeable events. Our failure to stock or restock popular products in sufficient amounts could significantly affect our revenue and our future growth. We regularly experience increases in our net shipping cost due to complimentary upgrades and additional long-zone shipments necessary to ensure timely delivery. If too many customers access our websites within a short period of time due to increased demand, we may experience system interruptions that make our websites unavailable or prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders. We face risks related to adequately protecting our intellectual property rights and being accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties. Our digital content offerings depend in part on effective digital rights management technology to control access to digital content. We experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our websites and services unavailable or slow to respond. Our computer and communications systems and operations have been, or could be, damaged or interrupted due to events such as natural or human-caused disasters or extreme weather. The loss of key senior management personnel or the failure to hire and retain highly skilled personnel could negatively affect our business. We are also subject to labor union efforts to organize groups of our employees from time to time. Our supplier relationships subject us to a number of risks, including decisions by our current suppliers to limit or stop selling or licensing merchandise, content, components, or services to us on acceptable terms. Our commercial agreements, strategic alliances, and other business relationships expose us to risks, and we may not be able to implement, maintain, and develop the components of these commercial relationships. We face significant inventory risk due to seasonality, new product launches, rapid changes in product cycles, and changes in customer demand. We continually evaluate opportunities to sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain credit facilities, or enter into financing obligations. We believe that cash flows generated from operations and our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances will be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating cash needs for at least the next twelve months.