We depend heavily on commercial airlines, subjecting us to unique risks. Significant deterioration in the global economic environment, the airline industry generally, or the financial stability of one or more of our major customers could result in fewer new orders for aircraft or services, or could cause customers to seek to postpone or cancel contractual orders and/or payments to us, which could result in lower revenues, profitability, and cash flows. Our commercial airplanes business depends on our ability to maintain a healthy production system, ensure every airplane in our production system conforms to exacting specifications, achieve planned production rate targets, successfully develop and certify new aircraft or new derivative aircraft, and meet or exceed stringent performance and reliability standards. We have experienced and may continue to experience production quality issues, including in our supply chain. We must minimize disruption caused by production changes, achieve operational stability, and implement productivity improvements in order to meet customer demand and maintain our profitability. We continue to seek opportunities to reduce the costs of building our aircraft, including working with our suppliers to reduce supplier costs, identifying and implementing productivity improvements, and optimizing how we manage inventory. Operational challenges impacting the production system for one or more of our commercial aircraft programs could result in additional production delays and/or failure to meet customer demand for new aircraft, either of which would negatively impact our revenues and operating margins. We and our suppliers are experiencing supply chain disruptions and constraints, labor instability, and inflationary pressures. These factors have and may continue to reduce overall productivity and adversely impact our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Our ability to deliver products and services that satisfy customer requirements is heavily dependent on the performance and financial stability of our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as on the availability of highly skilled labor, raw materials, and other components. If one or more of our suppliers or subcontractors continue to experience financial difficulties, delivery delays, or other performance problems, we may be unable to meet commitments to our customers, and our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows may continue to be adversely impacted. We continue proactively working to ensure sufficient material and parts to avoid potential near-term production disruptions while also working to mitigate the risk of future impacts from disruptions to our supply chain. We are subject to risks of doing business internationally, including changes in regulatory requirements or other executive branch actions, changes in the global trade environment, and fluctuations in international political and economic environments. The complexity and necessity of using non-U.S. representatives and consultants, as well as compliance with a variety of non-U.S. laws, add to the challenges we face. The introduction of new aircraft programs and/or derivatives involves risks associated with meeting development, testing, certification, and production schedules. We are following the lead of the FAA as we work through the certification process, and the FAA will ultimately determine the timing of certification and entry into service. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, and we continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain. We expect to be able to fund our cash requirements through cash and short-term investments and cash provided by operations, as well as continued access to capital markets. The long-term nature of many of our contracts makes the process of estimating costs and revenues on fixed-price contracts inherently risky. We believe that we have established appropriate and adequate procedures and processes to mitigate these risks, but there is no assurance that these transactions will be successful.