The global macroeconomic environment has experienced challenging conditions and uncertainty, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Uncertainty around inflationary pressures, interest rates, and monetary policy could potentially cause new, or exacerbate existing, economic challenges that we may face. These conditions could worsen if the U.S. and global economies were to enter recessionary periods, which may lead to a reduction or interruption in the supply of materials and components used in manufacturing our products. Economic pressures experienced by our customers could negatively impact demand for our products and their ability to pay for our products on a timely basis. Global pandemics or other public health crises could adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations, including disruptions in global economic activity and supply chains. We face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. The medical device markets in which we participate are characterized by extensive research and development and rapid technological change. We believe we will need to develop new and enhanced digital capabilities to remain competitive. Our restructuring and optimization initiatives are intended to enhance our growth potential and position us for long-term success, including a new global restructuring program aimed at expanding operational performance and meeting evolving global market demands. These activities are expected to result in total pre-tax charges of approximately $450 million to $550 million and reduce gross annual pre-tax expenses by approximately $225 million to $275 million as program benefits are realized. The implementation of our restructuring plan is intended to support our strategic imperatives and deliver sustainable value. Our future growth is dependent upon the development of new products and enhancement of existing products, which requires significant research and development, clinical trials, and regulatory approvals. We continue to experience pressures across many of our businesses due to competitive activity, increased market power of our customers, economic pressures, and staffing shortages within healthcare facilities. Uncertain or challenging economic conditions could also lead to greater fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which could adversely impact our results of operations. We are committed to advancing medical technologies and investing in meaningful research and development projects across our businesses. Our strategic acquisitions, investments, and alliances are intended to further expand our ability to offer customers effective, high-quality medical devices. We monitor the dynamics of the economy, the healthcare industry, and the markets in which we compete to assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency. Our ability to attract and retain key talent is critical to our success, and we face substantial competition for key personnel. Our operations are subject to risks related to climate change, which could adversely impact our supply chain and increase costs. We strive to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, which is essential for providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements. The evolving regulatory environment may increase the time, cost, and complexity of obtaining regulatory approvals, which could impact our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and maintain operational continuity.