Our businesses operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries, and our results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. The ability to adapt to changes in consumer behavior continues to challenge existing business models, with distribution platforms for viewing and purchasing content developing that further challenge these models. The continuing trend of content owners delivering their content directly to consumers disrupts traditional media distribution business models despite our efforts to adapt our video service offerings. We face substantial and increasing competition from providers of similar types of entertainment, sports, news, and information content, which intensifies audience fragmentation and disaggregates the way content is traditionally distributed and viewed. Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others, as legal challenges could require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms. We rely on our intellectual property to conduct our business operations and sell our products and services, and the unauthorized reproduction or distribution of copyrighted material negatively affects our ability to generate revenue. Our success is dependent on consumer acceptance of our content, and we must consistently create, acquire, market, and distribute television programming and other content to meet changing preferences. We have invested significantly in content production and theme park attractions, and our ability to compete effectively also depends on our perceived image and reputation among various constituencies, including customers and advertisers. Weak economic conditions may negatively impact our businesses, affecting demand for our products and services, including advertising. Our businesses also depend on third-party vendors for hardware, software, and operational support, and any difficulties experienced by these vendors could adversely affect our ability to provide services. Cyber threats and attacks are constantly evolving, increasing the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, and results of operations. We expect to continue to experience incidents that may cause degradation or disruption of our network and services. Our operations are vulnerable to damage from natural disasters and other uncontrollable events, which could lead to significant business impacts, including lost revenue and large expenditures to repair or replace damaged properties. The loss of key management personnel or popular on-air and creative talent could also adversely affect our businesses. Labor disputes may disrupt our operations, and we may face risks relating to doing business internationally, including economic volatility and geopolitical risks. Our ability to renew agreements with programming providers on favorable terms may be affected by evolving market dynamics and industry consolidation. We are subject to regulation by federal, state, local, and foreign authorities, which impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses. Future legislative, judicial, regulatory, or administrative actions may increase our costs or impose additional restrictions on our businesses, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.