Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as market conditions, economic conditions, geopolitical events, changes in laws, regulations or accounting rules, fluctuations in interest rates, terrorism, wars or conflicts, major health concerns including pandemics, natural disasters or other disruptions of expected business conditions. Global health crises, pandemics, epidemics or other outbreaks can adversely impact certain elements of our business and our financial statements. The global spread of covid-19 led to unprecedented restrictions on, and disruptions in, business and personal activities, including as a result of preventive and precautionary measures that we, other businesses, our communities and governments undertook to mitigate the spread. Our operational costs, including the cost of energy, materials, labor, distribution and our other operational and facilities costs are subject to market conditions, including inflationary pressures. Our business is sensitive to general economic conditions, such as the elevated inflation and interest rates experienced in domestic and international markets in 2022 and 2023. Conditions in the global economy, the particular markets we serve and the financial markets can adversely affect our business and financial statements. Our ability to compete can also be impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements as well as changes in the way healthcare services are delivered. We face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. Our growth depends in part on the timely development and commercialization, and customer acceptance, of new and enhanced products and services based on technological innovation. Our success depends on several factors, including our ability to correctly identify customer needs and preferences and predict future needs and preferences, allocate our R&D funding to products and services with higher growth prospects, and innovate and develop new technologies and applications. If we fail to accurately predict future customer needs and preferences or fail to produce viable technologies, we may invest heavily in R&D of products and services that do not lead to significant revenue, which would adversely affect our business and financial statements. Our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems and information technology systems are subject to catastrophic loss due to fire, flood, cyber-attack, earthquake, hurricane, power shortage or outage, public health crisis and the reaction thereto, war, terrorism, riot, public protest or other natural or man-made disasters. If any of these facilities, supply chains or systems were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, result in defective products or services, diminish demand, damage customer relationships and our reputation and result in legal exposure and significant repair or replacement expenses. Climate change, legal or regulatory measures to address climate change and any inability on our part to address stakeholder expectations relating to climate change may negatively affect us. The manufacture of many of our products is a highly exacting and complex process, and if we directly or indirectly encounter problems manufacturing products, our business and financial statements could suffer. Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation; failure to comply with those regulations could adversely affect our business and financial statements. Our operations, products and services expose us to the risk of environmental, health and safety liabilities, costs and violations that could adversely affect our business and financial statements. The company expects its 2024 effective tax rate to be approximately 17.5%, which is higher than the 2023 rate due primarily to the impact of net discrete tax benefits on the 2023 effective tax rate that are not expected to repeat in 2024.