We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to respond timely to technological changes, including enhancing our current products and services, will significantly affect our future success. Our business depends, in part, on our merchant relationships and alliances, and if we are unable to maintain these relationships, our business may be adversely affected. Disruptions of operations of other participants in the global financial system could prevent us from delivering our products and services. We rely on third parties to provide products and services, and if these third parties fail to perform adequately, our business may be materially and adversely affected. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information. Security incidents or other technological risks involving our systems could expose us to liability or damage our reputation. We expect that unauthorized parties will continue to attempt to gain access to our systems, which could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security, and trust of our systems. Operational failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our products or services could harm our business and reputation. We may not be able to successfully or quickly recover all of our critical business functions through our business continuity program. Clients, regulators, and others may require enhanced business continuity and disaster recovery plans, including frequent testing of such plans. Meeting these requirements may require significant investment of time and money. We actively monitor and manage our business in response to unpredictable geopolitical and market conditions, as they may adversely impact our operations and financial results. Our ability to adapt to changes in the business environment is critical for maintaining operational flexibility and ensuring organizational health. The evolving global regulatory and cybersecurity landscape has created a challenging operating environment for financial institutions, driving heightened interest in solutions that help them enhance operating efficiency. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We believe that our sizable and diverse client base provides a solid foundation for growth. We also expect to acquire businesses when we identify a compelling strategic need that helps meet client demand or achieves operational efficiency. Our long-term priorities include delivering innovation and integration enabling differentiated value for our clients. We are effecting changes in our business designed to enhance operational performance in the delivery of our integrated portfolio of products and solutions. We believe that economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure necessary to be competitive are essential to justify investments in technology and services. We are focused on driving growth and creating value by assembling a high-performing and diverse team, integrating our solutions, and delivering operational excellence. Our operations are subject to risks, including natural disasters and public health crises, which may require us to develop and implement effective crisis management strategies. The impact of a material event involving our systems or those of our clients could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.