Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results, and affect the trading price of our class A and class C stock. We face intense competition and must continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, customers, and other partners to remain competitive. Our business environment is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, facing changing technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions of rival products and services. To compete successfully, we must accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant, and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner. Our ongoing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies is inherently risky and could divert management attention and harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. We are expanding our investment in AI across the entire company, which includes generative AI and integrating AI capabilities into our products and services. Our ability to deploy certain AI technologies critical for our products and services and for our business strategy may depend on the availability and pricing of third-party equipment and technical infrastructure. Our financial condition and operating results may also suffer if our products and services are not responsive to the evolving needs and desires of our users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers. We face a number of risks related to manufacturing and supply chain management, which could affect our ability to supply both our products and our services. We rely on contract manufacturers to manufacture or assemble our devices and servers and networking equipment used in our technical infrastructure. We may experience supply shortages, price increases, quality issues, and/or longer lead times that could negatively affect our operations. Our business could be negatively affected if we are not able to engage these companies with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms, or if those we engage fail to meet their obligations. Interruption to, interference with, or failure of our complex information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability to effectively provide our products and services. Our systems are vulnerable to damage, interference, or interruption from various threats, including natural disasters or pandemics, which could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results, including geopolitical tensions and changes in regimes that may affect our business continuity. We are subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subjects, and our introduction of new businesses, products, services, and technologies will likely continue to subject us to additional laws and regulations. Our employees are critical to our success, and we expect to continue investing in them. As our organization grows and evolves, we may need to adapt our corporate culture and work environments to ever-changing circumstances, such as during times of a natural disaster or pandemic, which could affect our ability to compete effectively or have an adverse effect on our corporate culture.