We face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses, including market conditions that have adversely affected our businesses and may continue to do so. Our businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by unforeseen or catastrophic events, including pandemics, terrorist attacks, wars, extreme weather events, or other natural disasters. The development and use of artificial intelligence (AI) present risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business. A failure or disruption in our infrastructure, or in the operational systems or infrastructure of third parties, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, damage our reputation, and cause losses. Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies. We must continuously update these systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets, investing heavily in systemic controls and training to ensure that such transactions do not violate applicable rules and regulations. Our operational risk management framework is designed to comply with the operational risk measurement rules under the capital framework and has evolved based on the changing needs of our businesses and regulatory guidance. We monitor threats and assess risks to ensure our state of readiness in the event of a significant operational disruption. Our resilience framework defines the fundamental principles for business continuity planning (BCP) and crisis management to ensure that critical functions can continue to operate in the event of a disruption. We seek to maintain a business continuity program that is comprehensive, consistent on a firmwide basis, and up-to-date, incorporating new information, including resilience capabilities. Our resilience assurance program encompasses testing of response and recovery strategies on a regular basis with the objective of minimizing and preventing significant operational disruptions. We have established a contingency funding plan to provide a framework for analyzing and responding to a liquidity crisis situation or periods of market stress. Our contingency funding plan outlines a list of potential risk factors, key reports, and metrics that are reviewed on an ongoing basis to assist in assessing the severity of, and managing through, a liquidity crisis and/or market dislocation. We have a comprehensive framework to monitor, measure, and assess our country exposures and to determine our risk appetite. Our risk management structure is built around governance, processes, and people, with senior management assessing firmwide and business-level operational risk profiles. Our operational risk management processes are integrated into our overall risk management processes, and we have established an information security and cybersecurity program to identify, assess, document, and mitigate threats. We conduct regular stress tests to calculate the credit exposures, including potential concentrations that would result from applying shocks to counterparty credit ratings or credit risk factors. Our risk management governance structure includes a firmwide operational risk and resilience committee responsible for overseeing operational risk and the operational resilience of our business. We regularly assess our policies and procedures that address conflicts of interest, ensuring that we conduct our business in accordance with the highest ethical standards and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations.