Pharmaceutical research and development is very costly and highly uncertain; we may not succeed in developing, licensing, or acquiring commercially successful products sufficient in number or value to replace revenues of products that have lost or will lose intellectual property protection or are displaced by competing products or therapies. There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in pharmaceutical research and development, the introduction of new products and indications, and commercialization of our products. Delay, uncertainty, unpredictability, and inconsistency in drug approval processes across markets and agencies can result in delays in product launches, lost market opportunities, impairment of inventories, and other negative impacts. We must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and indications or line extensions sufficient both to cover our substantial research and development costs and investments and to replace revenues that are lost as profitable products become subject to pricing controls, lose intellectual property exclusivity, or are displaced by competing products or therapies. Failure to timely replenish our product portfolio and pipeline would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial position. We engage in various forms of business development activities to enhance or refine our product pipeline, including licensing arrangements, co-development agreements, and joint ventures. There are substantial risks associated with identifying successful business development targets and consummating related transactions. Increased focus on business combinations in our industry and heightened competition for attractive targets has and could continue to delay, jeopardize, or increase the costs of our business development activities. Additionally, failures or difficulties in integrating or retaining new personnel or the operations of the businesses, products, or assets we acquire may affect our ability to realize the expected benefits of business development transactions. We also may fail to generate the expected revenue and pipeline enhancement from business development activities due to limited diligence opportunities, unsuccessful clinical trials, and manufacturing or commercialization challenges. Our business is subject to increasing government price controls and other public and private restrictions on pricing, reimbursement, and access for our drugs, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We continue to experience additional pricing pressures, rebates, clawbacks, and other changes in reimbursement policies and programs resulting from the financial strain of the COVID-19 pandemic and periods of uneven economic growth or downturns. Our products face intense competition from multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and lower-cost generic and biosimilar manufacturers, and such competition could have a material adverse effect on our business. We rely on our ability to attract, engage, and retain highly qualified and skilled personnel in order to compete effectively. Our ability to attract and retain talent in our increasingly competitive environment is further complicated by evolving employment trends. Our failure to compete effectively for talent could negatively affect sales of our current and any future approved products and indications, and could result in material financial, legal, commercial, or reputational harm to our business. We are in the midst of a significant expansion of our manufacturing capabilities and substantial investment in long-term supply agreements to support current and anticipated demand for our products. Manufacturing or quality assurance difficulties at our facilities or those of our contractors and suppliers, or increases in demand on a supplier with constrained capacity could result in delays and disruptions in the manufacturing, distribution, and sale of our products and/or product shortages. These disruptions and challenges could result from natural disasters, public health outbreaks, or other events that may be due to climate change. Our management continuously evaluates our liquidity and capital resources to ensure we can adequately and efficiently finance our capital requirements.