We may be unable to adapt our business concept in a rapidly evolving retail environment to address the changing shopping habits, demands, and demographics of our customers. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings, as well as consumer spending. Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, implement an increasingly localized merchandising assortment, and implement related strategic initiatives successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share, and results of operations. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times, delivery costs, and delivery options depends on many factors, including successful implementation and the continued maintenance of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation. Our failure to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the markets for home improvement products and services could affect our financial performance. Our ability to meet our labor needs, particularly in a competitive labor market, while controlling our costs is subject to a variety of external factors. Our public image and reputation are critical to ensuring that our customers shop at Lowe's, our vendors want to do business with Lowe's, and our associates want to work for Lowe's. We must continue to manage, preserve, and grow Lowe's public image and reputation. Any negative incident can erode trust and confidence quickly, and adverse publicity about us could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our customers' confidence, reduce demand for our products and services, and affect our ability to recruit, retain, and engage our associates. Our response to any organizing efforts could be perceived negatively and harm our business and reputation. Our ability to maintain our store base and maintain appropriate levels of inventory and failure to do so may affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Disruptions in our supply chain and our fulfillment network for our products due to various factors have affected and may continue to affect our business and results of operations. Catastrophic events, extreme weather conditions, public health crises, and global economic and political conditions may adversely affect our global supply chain. Our investments to enhance and expand our supply chain might not provide the anticipated benefits, or might take longer than expected to complete or realize anticipated benefits, or might fail altogether. Our inability to effectively and efficiently manage and maintain our relationships with selected suppliers could negatively impact our business operations and financial results. The inability to effectively and efficiently manage and maintain our relationships with these suppliers could negatively impact our business operations and financial results. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our information systems or the information systems of third-party vendors are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. Cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect customer, associate, vendor, or company information could materially increase the costs we incur to protect against such risks. Our business and operations are subject to risks related to the long-term effects of global climate change, which may impact the areas in which the company's operations and facilities are located. Changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state, and local laws and regulations could increase our costs of doing business or impact our operations. Our sales are dependent upon the health and stability of the general economy, and adverse changes in macroeconomic factors specific to the home improvement industry may negatively impact the rate of growth of our total sales and comparable sales.