Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. We face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. We embrace cultural and organizational changes to drive accountability and eliminate obstacles to innovation. Our strategic vision is to compete and grow by building best-in-class platforms and productivity services that utilize ubiquitous computing and ambient intelligence to drive insights and productivity gains. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies. Our success in driving ubiquitous computing and ambient intelligence will depend on the level of adoption of our offerings. We may not establish market share sufficient to achieve scale necessary to meet our business objectives. Our increasing focus on cloud-based services presents execution and competitive risks. We are investing in artificial intelligence across the entire company and infusing generative AI capabilities into our consumer and commercial offerings. We expect AI technology and services to be a highly competitive and rapidly evolving market. Our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with these changes as new threats emerge. Cybersecurity, data privacy, and platform abuse risks are significant challenges to companies like us whose business is providing technology products and services to others. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security, threat detection, and reliability features, and improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. We compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment, broad customer reach, and competitive compensation and benefits. We have made significant investments in products and services that may not achieve expected returns. The competitive pressures we face may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and/or increased operating costs. We are focused on developing new AI platform services and incorporating AI into existing products and services. Our ability to use data effectively may be constrained by regulatory developments that impede realizing the expected return from this investment. We are subject to a wide range of laws, regulations, and legal requirements that may impose additional obligations on our operations. The occurrence of regional epidemics or a global pandemic may adversely affect our operations, financial condition, and results of operations. A disruption or failure of our systems or operations because of a major earthquake, weather event, cyberattack, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other critical functions. We are also subject to supply chain cyberattacks where malware can be introduced to a software provider's customers. Our corporate headquarters and significant portions of our research and development activities are in seismically active regions. Therefore, we must maintain robust business continuity management plans to mitigate the potential impact of prolonged service outages.