If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in providing compelling content, retaining our existing members and attracting new members, our business will be adversely affected. We must continually add new members both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. Our ability to continue to attract and retain members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members in countries around the globe with compelling content choices that keep our members engaged with our service. We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our services. As we scale our streaming service and introduce new features, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party cloud computing, technology and other services. We are also scaling our own studio operations to produce original content. If we are not able to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected. We may face integration and operational challenges as well as potential unknown liabilities and reputational concerns in connection with partners we work with or companies we may acquire or control. If we fail to maintain a positive reputation concerning our service and the content we offer, we may not be able to attract or retain members. Our business could be adversely impacted by costs and challenges associated with strategic acquisitions and investments. The risks associated with such acquisitions or investments include the difficulty of integrating solutions, operations, and personnel; inheriting liabilities and exposure to litigation; failure to realize anticipated benefits and expected synergies; and diversion of management's time and attention. We may not be successful in overcoming such risks, and such acquisitions and investments may negatively impact our business. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. Significant disruptions in or unauthorized access to our computer systems could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized access, disclosure or destruction of data, including member and corporate information, or theft of intellectual property. Our computer systems are subject to damage or interruption from adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, public health issues such as pandemics, and other interruptions beyond our control. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems. However, the techniques used to gain unauthorized access to data and software are constantly evolving, and we may be unable to anticipate, detect or prevent unauthorized access or address all cybersecurity incidents that occur. We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices. If partners do not update or otherwise modify their devices, or if we discontinue support for certain devices, our service and our members' use and enjoyment could be negatively impacted. We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute through our service. We may also face potential liability for content used in promoting our service, including marketing materials. We devote significant resources toward the development, production, marketing and distribution of original programming. If we do not grow as expected, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our revenues, including by adjusting membership pricing, commensurate with the lowered growth rate such that our margins, liquidity and results of operations may be adversely impacted.