The following risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, or reputation, which could cause our stock price to decline. Failure to meet the evolving needs of our industry may adversely impact our financial results. Our success depends on our ability to timely identify industry changes, adapt our strategies, and develop new or enhance and maintain existing products and technologies that meet the evolving needs of these markets. Business disruptions could harm our operations and financial results. We may not be able to realize the potential benefits of business investments or acquisitions, nor successfully integrate acquisition targets. Our operations could be disrupted by natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, power or water shortages, telecommunications failures, supplier disruptions, terrorist attacks, acts of violence, political and/or civil unrest, acts of war or other military actions, epidemics or pandemics, abrupt regulatory deterioration, and other natural or man-made disasters and catastrophic events. Our business continuity and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Climate change may have an increasingly adverse impact on our business and on our customers, partners, and vendors. We are monitoring the impact of the geopolitical conflict in and around Israel on our operations. Our ability to recover from ransomware attacks may be limited if our backups have been affected by the attack, or if restoring from backups is delayed or not feasible. We must also continue to develop our security measures, including training programs and security awareness initiatives, designed to ensure our suppliers have appropriate security measures in place. We face several risks which have adversely affected or could adversely affect our ability to meet customer demand and scale our supply chain, negatively impacting longer-term demand for our products and services. We rely upon internal processes and information systems to support key business functions. Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and may in the future fluctuate, and if our operating results are below the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price could decline. We are subject to complex laws, rules, and regulations, and political and other actions, which may adversely impact our business. We may not be able to attract, retain, and motivate our executives and key employees. We depend on foundries to manufacture our semiconductor wafers using their fabrication equipment and techniques. Our operations could be harmed and our costs could increase if manufacturing, logistics, or other operations are disrupted for any reason. We are subject to stringent and changing data privacy and security laws, rules, regulations, and other obligations. Our business is exposed to the risks associated with litigation, investigations, and regulatory proceedings. We have invested in research and development in markets where we have a limited operating history, which may not produce meaningful revenue for several years, if at all. Our customer orders and longer-term demand estimates may change or may not be correct, as we have experienced in the past. We build finished products and maintain inventory in advance of anticipated demand. Our ability to sell certain products has been and could be impeded if components necessary for the finished products are not available from third parties. We may incur significant costs and may not achieve any significant revenue from these offerings. The increasing frequency and complexity of newly introduced products may result in unanticipated quality or production issues that could increase the magnitude of inventory provisions, warranty, or other costs or result in product delays.