Our business is subject to numerous risks as a result of having significant operations and sales in international markets, including foreign currency fluctuations, currency exchange or pricing controls and localized volatility. We have a significant amount of foreign currency debt and derivatives as part of our capital markets activities. Geopolitical conflicts, political volatility, trade controls, labor market disruptions or other crises or vulnerabilities in individual countries or regions could adversely affect our business. Uncertain economic or social conditions may adversely impact demand for our products or cause our customers and other business partners to suffer financial hardship, which could adversely impact our business. Our ability to meet our customers' needs and achieve cost targets depends on our ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements, including execution of supply chain optimizations and certain sole supplier or sole manufacturing plant arrangements. Disruptions in our manufacturing, supply and distribution operations due to energy shortages, natural disasters, labor or freight constraints have impacted our costs and could do so in the future. Our businesses face cost fluctuations and pressures that could affect our business results. We must successfully manage ongoing acquisition, joint venture and divestiture activities while delivering against our business objectives. Our success depends on identifying, developing and retaining key employees to provide uninterrupted leadership and direction for our business. We must successfully manage compliance with current and expanding laws and regulations, as well as manage new and pending legal and regulatory matters in the U.S. and abroad. Our ability to manage disruptions in credit markets or to our banking partners or changes to our credit rating is critical. The ability to successfully manage global financial risks, including foreign currency fluctuations, currency exchange or pricing controls and localized volatility, is essential for maintaining operational continuity. We must also effectively manage the demand, supply and operational challenges associated with the effects of any future disease outbreak, including epidemics, pandemics or similar widespread public health concerns. Our ability to achieve our business objectives depends on how well we can compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing markets and channels. Our financial projections assume certain ongoing productivity improvements and cost savings, including staffing adjustments and employee departures. We rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, which creates additional risk. A significant information security or operational technology incident, including a cybersecurity breach, could have a material adverse impact on our business or reputation. We must also manage the uncertainties, sanctions and economic effects from the war between Russia and Ukraine. The occurrence of any of these risks could adversely impact our business and financial results. Our organizational structure is designed to support our strategic focus on delivering superior products and services while maintaining operational flexibility and resilience in the face of external pressures. We believe that our strategy of leveraging environmental sustainability, increasing digital acumen, developing next-level supply chain capabilities, and delivering employee value will strengthen our performance going forward. We are committed to maintaining a strong organizational culture that fosters innovation and adaptability, enabling us to confront challenges and capitalize on opportunities in a rapidly changing business environment.