We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a small number of customers and licensees, and particularly from their sale of premium tier handset devices. If revenues derived from these customers or licensees decrease or the timing of such revenues fluctuates, our business and results of operations could be negatively affected. The mobile industry is experiencing and may continue to experience concentration of device share among a few companies, contributing to this trend. Political actions, including trade and/or national security protection policies, or other actions by governments, particularly the U.S. and Chinese governments, have in the past, currently are, and could in the future limit or prevent us from transacting business with certain of our customers, or make it more expensive to do so, which could significantly reduce the revenues we derive from these customers. We spend a significant amount of engineering and development time, funds, and resources in understanding our key customers' feedback and/or specifications and attempt to incorporate such input into our product launches and technologies. The loss of any one of our significant customers, a reduction in the purchases of our products by any of these customers, or the cancellation of significant purchases by any of these customers would reduce our revenues and could harm our ability to achieve or sustain expected results of operations. A delay of significant purchases would reduce our revenues in the period of the delay. The concentration of device share among a few companies may result in lower prices for our products, which could have an adverse effect on our revenues and margins. The timing and size of purchases by our significant customers may be impacted by the timing of such customers' new or next generation product introductions, over which we have no control. We expect that certain customers will continue to draw down on their inventory, which will continue to have a negative impact on our revenues, results of operations, and cash flows. This dynamic, along with weaker consumer demand for smartphones and other devices that incorporate our products and technologies, contributes to the inherent uncertainties in estimating future customer demand. We expect to continue to see product cost increases from certain of our key semiconductor wafer suppliers. We also expect continued intense competition, including from vertical integration by certain of our customers. Our business depends on our ability to receive consistent and reliable chipset supply from our foundry partners, particularly in Taiwan. Consequently, a significant or prolonged military or other geopolitical conflict involving China and Taiwan could severely limit or prevent us from receiving chipset supply from Taiwan, which would have a material adverse impact on our business. We are also subject to many complex environmental, health, and safety laws, regulations, and rules in each jurisdiction in which we operate our manufacturing facilities. The regulatory landscape in these areas continues to evolve, and we anticipate additional laws, regulations, and rules in the future. Climate change concerns and the potential resulting environmental impact may result in new environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations that may affect us, our suppliers, and our customers. Such laws or regulations could cause us to incur additional direct costs for compliance, including costs associated with changes to manufacturing processes or the procurement of raw materials used in manufacturing processes, as well as increased indirect costs resulting from our customers, suppliers, or both incurring additional compliance costs that are passed on to us.