This report contains statements that are not historical facts and are considered "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. We use a variety of raw materials, components, devices, and third-party services in our global supply chains, production, and distribution processes; significant shortages, price increases, or unavailability of third-party services have in the past increased, and could in the future increase, our operating costs. Our reliance on certain suppliers exposes us to product shortages and unanticipated increases in prices, whether due to inflationary pressure, regulatory changes, or geopolitical tensions. An inability to meet demand due to supply chain challenges could materially adversely impact our reputation and the competitive position of our products. The market has experienced increasing inflationary pressures due to global supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, and other impacts following the COVID-19 pandemic. We expect these inflationary pressures will continue, which may cause our customers to reduce or delay orders for our products and services. We operate in a highly competitive industry, and a significant element of our strategy is to increase revenue growth by focusing on innovation and new product development. Our ability to maintain adequate working relationships with healthcare professionals is critical, as we rely on these professionals to assist us in the development and improvement of proprietary products. We are subject to risks associated with our extensive global operations, including changes in reimbursement, regulatory requirements, and political and economic instability. Our global operations are subject to risks and costs related to international trade disputes, disruptions of transportation, and increased security threats to our supply chain. We may be unable to capitalize on previous or future acquisitions, and the risks include the inability to realize the expected benefits, savings, or synergies from acquisitions. We rely extensively on information technology systems to conduct business, and numerous cybersecurity threats pose risks to the security of our IT systems and networks. Our response to cybersecurity incidents may not shield us from significant losses and potential liability. We are in the process of implementing a new commercial ERP system, and any material disruptions or deficiencies in this implementation could adversely affect our ability to operate our business. Our ability to execute our business strategy could be impaired if we are unable to attract, develop, and retain a talented workforce. The loss of key personnel could harm our business, and failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge may hinder our strategic planning and execution. We have experienced significant and unpredictable needs to adjust our operations as market demand for certain products has shifted, particularly during the COVID-19 pandemic. Pandemics and public health emergencies have materially affected our operations, supply chain, and manufacturing. The extent of any future pandemic's effect on our business will depend on various factors, including the severity of the disease and the successful development of vaccines. We are subject to extensive governmental regulation, and failure to comply with applicable requirements may result in significant penalties. The physical effects of climate change could adversely affect our operations and operating results, as shifts in weather patterns are expected to increase the frequency and severity of adverse weather conditions and natural disasters.