We have business continuation and resiliency plans which are maintained, updated and tested regularly in an effort to contain and remediate potential disruptions or cyber events. If our remediation efforts are not successful, we may experience operational interruptions, delays, or cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers. Our ability to protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with changes in information processing technology (including AI/ML), regulatory standards and changing customer preferences will require an ongoing commitment of significant development and operational resources. If these commitments fail to provide the anticipated benefits, we could be exposed to reputational harm and experience adverse effects on our business. We routinely process, store and transmit large amounts of data in our operations, including protected personal information subject to privacy, security or data breach notification laws, as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or third parties. We are regularly the target of attempted cyber-attacks and other security threats and have previously been, and may in the future be, subject to compromises of the information technology systems we use, information we hold, or information held on our behalf by third parties. Our business depends on the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our members, customers and health care professionals and to operate our business. If the data we rely upon to run our businesses is found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to effectively maintain or protect the integrity of our data and information systems, we could experience failures in our health, wellness and information technology products; lose existing customers; have difficulty attracting new customers; experience problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing; have difficulty preventing, detecting and controlling fraud; have disputes with customers, physicians and other health care professionals; become subject to regulatory sanctions, penalties, investigations or audits; incur increases in operating expenses; or suffer other adverse consequences. Our health care benefits businesses have risk-based arrangements with some physicians, hospitals and other health care providers. These arrangements limit our exposure to the risk of increasing medical costs, but expose us to risk related to the adequacy of the financial and medical care resources of the health care providers. To the extent a risk-based health care provider organization faces financial difficulties or otherwise is unable to perform its obligations under the arrangement, we may be held responsible for unpaid health care claims which should have been the responsibility of the health care provider and for which we have already paid the provider. We face and will likely continue to face heightened competition to acquire or manage physician practices or to employ or contract with individual physicians. Our revenues could be materially and adversely affected if we are unable to maintain or expand satisfactory relationships with physicians, to acquire, recruit or, in some instances, employ physicians, or to retain enrollees following physician departures. We operate in jurisdictions outside of the United States where contractual rights, tax positions and applicable regulations may be subject to interpretation or uncertainty to a greater degree than in the United States, and therefore subject to dispute by customers, government authorities or others. We are subject to risks associated with public health crises arising from large-scale medical emergencies, pandemics, natural disasters and other extreme events, which have and could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and financial performance. Large-scale medical emergencies, pandemics, natural disasters, public health crises and other extreme events could have a material adverse effect on our business operations, cash flows, financial conditions and results of operations. We continue to take a prudent, market-sustainable posture for both new business and maintenance of existing relationships. We are working to accelerate this vision through the innovation and integration of our care delivery models including in-clinic, in-home, behavioral and virtual care, and by using our data and analytics to provide clinicians with the necessary information in order to provide the best possible care in the most cost-efficient setting.