Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk, and our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. We invest significant resources in the research, development, manufacturing, and supply of therapies for serious diseases, and if we are unable to successfully develop and commercialize additional products, our business could be materially harmed. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to engage in transactions and collaborations with other entities that add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. We face risks in connection with existing and future collaborations with respect to the development, manufacture, and commercialization of our products and product candidates. Our ability to attract and retain skilled employees is critical, as we require highly qualified personnel for our drug discovery and development activities. A breakdown or breach of our information technology systems could subject us to liability or interrupt the operation of our business. We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business, and disruptions could materially adversely affect our business. We have adopted business continuity plans to address most crises; however, if we are unable to fully implement these plans, we may experience delays in recovery of data and/or an inability to perform vital corporate functions. The successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks, including the potential for adverse data from clinical trials that could lead to discontinuation or redirection of development activities. Our research and development expenses have increased as we invest in our pipeline and expand our capabilities, which requires significant financial resources along with extensive technical and regulatory expertise. We are focused on ensuring the stability of the supply chains for our current products and pipeline programs, as disruptions could delay the completion of clinical trials and affect timelines for regulatory filings. We have established a global network of third-party manufacturers and our internal capabilities to manufacture and distribute our products for commercial sale and post-approval clinical trials. We are subject to various and evolving laws and regulations governing the privacy and security of personal data, and our failure to comply could adversely affect our business. Our ability to respond effectively to these demands is critical for our organizational resilience, as we navigate the complexities of regulatory requirements and market dynamics. We are continuously monitoring the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies, and we frequently evaluate our product development programs in light of new data and insights. This process can result in rapid changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available, which is essential for maintaining operational flexibility and adapting to environmental perturbations. Our strategic initiatives are aimed at balancing risks inherent in product development while ensuring that we can effectively respond to external pressures and maintain organizational health.