The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, a significant impact around the world, prompting governments and businesses to take unprecedented measures, such as restrictions on travel and business operations, temporary closures of businesses, and quarantine and shelter-in-place orders. The pandemic has at times significantly curtailed global economic activity and caused significant volatility and disruption in global financial markets. The measures taken by many countries in response have affected and could in the future materially impact the company's business, results of operations, and financial condition, as well as the price of the company's stock. During 2021, aspects of the company's business continued to be affected by the pandemic, with many of the company's retail stores, as well as channel partner points of sale, temporarily closed at various times, and a significant number of the company's employees working remotely. The company has reopened all of its retail stores and substantially all of its other facilities, subject to operating restrictions to protect public health and the health and safety of employees and customers, and it continues to work on safely reopening the remainder of its facilities, subject to local rules and regulations. During the fourth quarter of 2021, certain of the company's component suppliers and logistical service providers experienced disruptions, resulting in supply shortages that affected sales worldwide. Similar disruptions could occur in the future. The extent of the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the company's operational and financial performance is uncertain and will depend on many factors outside the company's control, including the timing, extent, trajectory, and duration of the pandemic, the emergence of new variants, the development, availability, distribution, and effectiveness of vaccines and treatments, the imposition of protective public safety measures, and the impact of the pandemic on the global economy and demand for consumer products. The company believes that focused investments in research and development are critical to its future growth and competitive position in the marketplace, and to the development of new and updated products and services that are central to the company's core business strategy. The company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis, aligning with the location of the company's customers and distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic region. The company's future gross margins can be impacted by a variety of factors, as discussed in part I, item 1A of this form 10-K under the heading "risk factors." The company believes its balances of cash, cash equivalents, and unrestricted marketable securities, along with cash generated by ongoing operations and continued access to debt markets, will be sufficient to satisfy its cash requirements and capital return program over the next 12 months and beyond. The company utilizes several outsourcing partners to manufacture subassemblies for its products and to perform final assembly and testing of finished products, acquiring components based on demand information supplied by the company. The company has established deferred tax assets for foreign tax credit carryforwards and increased deferred tax assets for research and development tax credit carryforwards, which resulted in a combined increase in the valuation allowance on the company's deferred tax assets. The company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, the outcomes of which are inherently uncertain, and the resolution of these uncertainties could have a material impact on the company's financial condition and operating results.