The pandemic caused by the novel strain of the coronavirus (COVID-19) and the numerous measures implemented by government authorities in response have impacted and likely will continue to impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. We have modified our business practices, including restricting employee travel, modifying employee work locations, and cancelling physical participation in meetings, events, and conferences. While we are confident that our strategy and long-term contingency planning have positioned us well to weather the current uncertainty, we cannot at this time fully quantify or forecast the impact of COVID-19 on our business. The full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition, and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain such as the continued duration and severity of the pandemic, the spread of more contagious variants of the virus, and the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact. We monitor global macroeconomic conditions on an ongoing basis and continue to assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency, as well as a better alignment of expenses with revenues. We have undertaken various restructuring actions over the past several years, including the closure of manufacturing facilities and repositioning actions to better align our global workforce with our long-term strategic plan. The acquisition of Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. has also contributed to our operational adjustments, as we have integrated their operations and made necessary changes to align with our strategic initiatives. We believe that a continued commitment to research and development is essential to maintain product leadership with our existing products as well as to provide innovative new product offerings. Therefore, we expect to continue to make significant R&D investments in the future. The increase in cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2021 was primarily a result of higher net income and an increase from changes in working capital. Our liquidity and capital resources are managed by reviewing available funds held by our foreign subsidiaries and the cost-effectiveness by which those funds can be accessed in the United States. We believe that our existing sources of liquidity and cash expected to be generated from future operations, together with existing and anticipated available short- and long-term financing, will be sufficient to fund operations, capital expenditures, research and development efforts, and dividend payments in the immediate future and for at least the next twelve months. We expect capital expenditures for fiscal 2022 to be between 6% and 8% of revenue, which is above our historical levels primarily due to our plans to expand internal manufacturing capacity. These capital expenditures will be funded with a combination of cash on hand and cash expected to be generated from future operations, together with existing and anticipated available short- and long-term financing. Our strategic response to the challenges posed by the pandemic and the acquisition of Maxim has involved reconfiguring our operational resources and enhancing our organizational capabilities to adapt to the evolving business environment. We continue to assess and mitigate risks associated with our operations and the broader economic landscape, ensuring that we maintain operational flexibility and resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptions.