The global COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant impact on the global business environment and on our clients, but our priority has been and continues to be the safety of our associates and the needs of our clients. We have continued to provide HCM services, including the processing of payroll and tax obligations, to our clients during this time. ADP's efforts have also been focused on providing information and tools to help clients understand and navigate the governmental relief that has been adopted globally. In addition, we released a return to workplace solution that assists our clients in bringing their employees back to work safely through a comprehensive set of tools designed to streamline the entire process. We continue to drive innovation by anticipating our clients' evolving needs and always designing for people as the world of work changes. Our suite of HRO solutions also continued to deliver steady growth this year, despite the dynamic economic environment. We have a strong business model, a highly cash generative business with low capital intensity, and offer a suite of products that provide critical support to our clients' HCM functions. We generate sufficient free cash flow to satisfy our cash dividend and our modest debt obligations, which enables us to absorb the impact of downturns and remain steadfast in our reinvestments, our longer-term strategy, and our commitments to shareholder-friendly actions. We are committed to building upon our past successes by investing in our business through enhancements in research and development and by driving meaningful transformation in the way we operate. Our financial condition remains solid at June 30, 2021, and we remain well positioned to support our associates and our clients. The employer services client revenue retention rate for fiscal 2021 improved 170 basis points to 92.2% as compared to our rate for fiscal 2020. We believe that the exclusion of certain items helps us reflect the fundamentals of our underlying business model and analyze results against our expectations and against prior periods, and to plan for future periods by focusing on our underlying operations. We believe that we have significantly reduced the risk of not having sufficient funds to satisfy our client funds obligations by consistently maintaining access to other sources of liquidity, including our corporate cash balances, available borrowings under our $9.7 billion commercial paper program, and our ability to engage in reverse repurchase agreement transactions and available borrowings under our $9.7 billion committed credit facilities. Our investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments out to five years and out to ten years. We utilize a strategy by which we extend the maturities of our investment portfolio for funds held for clients and employ short-term financing arrangements to satisfy our short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. We minimize the risk of not having funds collected from a client available at the time such client's obligation becomes due by impounding, in virtually all instances, the client's funds in advance of the timing of payment of such client's obligation. The company believes the likelihood of ultimate losses exceeding this limit is remote. We operate and transact business in various foreign jurisdictions and are therefore exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates that could impact our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We manage our exposure to these market risks through our regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments.