As the COVID-19 pandemic emerged in 2020, Applied Materials responded quickly to put in place precautionary measures to keep its workplaces healthy and safe, while ensuring compliance with orders and restrictions imposed by government authorities. Applied's top priority during the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic remains protecting the health and safety of its employees and their families, customers, suppliers, and community. Applied continues to support workplace flexibility such as remote working where possible and follow enhanced safety and health protocols. Applied has implemented a multi-phase plan to return to working on-site, which takes into consideration factors such as Applied's business and employee needs, local government regulations, community case trends, and recommendations from public health officials. The plan involves multiple phases that gradually allow additional workers to return onsite while practicing social distancing and other safety measures. Applied will continue to monitor and evaluate the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and will work to respond appropriately to the impact of COVID-19 on its business, its customers' and suppliers' businesses, and its communities. In response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and evolving conditions, Applied made adjustments to its global operations and is actively managing its responses in collaboration with its employees, customers, and suppliers. However, the situation remains fluid and uncertain. Applied's strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections; expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries; and growing its services business. Applied's long-term growth strategy requires continued development of new materials engineering capabilities, including products and platforms that enable expansion into new and adjacent markets. Applied works closely with its global customers to design systems and processes that meet their planned technical and production requirements. The semiconductor systems segment is comprised primarily of capital equipment used to fabricate semiconductor chips. Semiconductor industry spending on capital equipment is driven by demand for advanced electronic products and the nature and timing of technological advances in fabrication processes. Development efforts are focused on solving customers' key technical challenges in transistor, interconnect, patterning, and packaging performance. Applied's results can vary significantly year-over-year, as well as quarter-over-quarter, due to variable industry conditions. Applied has maintained and intends to continue its commitment to investing in research, development, and engineering to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of its customers' most advanced designs. Applied's significant investments in research, development, and engineering must generally enable it to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. Applied's ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change is critical for its survival, growth, and flourishing in a competitive landscape. The ongoing adjustments in response to supply chain constraints and customer demands reflect Applied's operational flexibility and adaptability in the face of external pressures.