Through our subsidiaries, we engage in numerous diverse business activities. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. The COVID-19 pandemic negatively affected most of our businesses beginning in March of 2020, with the effects to date ranging from relatively minor to severe. Over the second half of 2020 and continuing in 2021, many of these businesses experienced significant recoveries in revenues and earnings, in some instances exceeding pre-pandemic levels. However, many of our businesses were negatively affected by ongoing global supply chain disruptions, including those attributable to major winter storms and a hurricane in North America, which contributed to higher input costs. We cannot reliably predict future economic effects of the pandemic or when business activities at our operations will completely normalize. The significant catastrophe events in 2021 included Hurricane Ida and floods in Europe in the third quarter, as well as Winter Storm Uri in the first quarter. Changes in estimates for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, including amounts established for occurrences in prior years, can also significantly affect our periodic underwriting results. The effects of the pandemic on future periods may be affected by judicial rulings and regulatory and legislative actions pertaining to insurance coverage and claims and by its effects on general economic activity, which we cannot reasonably estimate at this time. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax earnings from underwriting, and underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers. The timing and magnitude of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results. We strive to generate underwriting profits, and we expect to incur pre-tax underwriting losses from businesses, primarily through deferred charge amortization and discount accretion charges. Our management views our insurance businesses as possessing two distinct activities—underwriting and investing. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to short-term investments. Our consolidated balance sheet continues to reflect very significant liquidity and a very strong capital base. Berkshire paid $27.1 billion in 2021 to repurchase shares of its class A and B common stock. We anticipate that these payments will be funded by operating cash flows. We are party to other contracts associated with ongoing business activities, which will result in cash payments to counterparties in future periods. Our diverse group of businesses generated net operating cash flows of approximately $39 billion. We expect the current difficult operating environment to continue through 2022. The increase in fuel expense was primarily attributable to significant increases in petroleum prices. We are subject to price risks related to various commodities. We do not utilize derivative contracts to manage commodity price risks to any significant degree. Our subsidiaries use commodities in various ways in manufacturing and providing services. We are also subject to equity price risk with respect to our equity index put option contracts. The fair values of our investment portfolios remain subject to considerable volatility. We believe that investment gains/losses, whether realized from sales or unrealized from changes in market prices, are often meaningless in terms of understanding our periodic consolidated earnings or evaluating our periodic economic performance. We expect to incur significant increases in claims liabilities in the future attributable to higher-than-expected claim settlements, adverse litigation outcomes, or judicial rulings and other factors not currently anticipated.