The company continues to actively monitor the pandemic, including the current spread of certain variants of the virus, and has taken and intends to continue taking steps to identify and seek to mitigate the adverse impacts on, and risks to, the company's business posed by the spread of COVID-19 and the governmental and community responses thereto. The company's businesses have activated their business continuity plans as a result of this pandemic, including taking steps in an effort to help keep the workforce healthy and safe, and are assessing and updating those plans on an ongoing basis. The company expects to take such further actions as may be required by government authorities or as determined to be in the best interests of employees, customers, and other business partners. The company is making significant investments, organically and through acquisitions and investments, to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development, and customer-facing resources in order to be responsive to customers throughout the world and improve the efficiency of operations. The company's geographic and industry diversity, as well as the range of its products and services, help limit the impact of any one industry or the economy of any single country on its consolidated operating results. The company operates in a highly competitive business environment in most markets, and its long-term growth and profitability will depend in particular on its ability to expand its business in high-growth geographies and high-growth market segments, identify, consummate, and integrate appropriate acquisitions, and develop innovative and differentiated new products and services. The company has developed and is implementing return-to-workplace protocols designed to help ensure the health and safety of its employees, customers, and business partners. The company has also deployed its capabilities, expertise, and scale to address the critical health needs related to COVID-19, including the development and availability of diagnostic tests for rapid detection and providing critical support to firms developing and producing vaccines and therapies. The company expects overall demand for COVID-19 related products to moderate as the pandemic subsides, but anticipates a level of demand for products that support COVID-19 related vaccines and therapeutics will continue. The company's ability to satisfy COVID-19 related demand will depend in part upon the expansion of production capacity in these areas. The potential negative impact of the pandemic on the company's business remains highly uncertain but may be materially negative to certain elements of its business. The company continues to generate substantial cash from operating activities and believes that its operating cash flow, cash on hand, and other sources of liquidity will be sufficient to allow it to continue investing in existing businesses, consummating strategic acquisitions and investments, and managing its capital structure on a short-term and long-term basis. The company assesses its liquidity in terms of its ability to generate cash to fund its operating, investing, and financing activities, and anticipates following the same approach in the future. The company has relied primarily on borrowings under its commercial paper program to address liquidity requirements that exceed the capacity provided by its operating cash flows and cash on hand. The company believes that it has sufficient sources of liquidity to satisfy its cash needs, including its cash needs in the United States.