The outbreak of COVID-19 continues to impact the United States and other countries throughout the world, causing disruptions to our business and adversely affecting our financial results. Economic and market conditions, including those caused by the pandemic, have substantial impact on our financial condition and results of operations, impacting the values of the investments we make, our ability to exit these investments profitably, our ability to raise capital from investors, and our ability to make new investments. We are affected by financial and economic conditions globally, and policymakers' actions, such as those in China regarding "common prosperity," may weigh on the outlook for economic growth over the medium term. The geopolitical uncertainty, including the Russian-Ukraine conflict, has exacerbated these issues and trends, leading to increased volatility in equity and credit markets, which could adversely affect the valuations of our investments. Our ability to attract new capital and investors is driven by the extent to which they perceive the alternative asset management industry and our investment products as attractive means for capital appreciation or income. Our ability to successfully deploy capital is dependent upon our ability to identify and execute attractive investments, which may be impacted by greater competition, high valuations, and other general market conditions. Challenging market and economic conditions may adversely affect our ability to exit and realize value from our investments and result in lower-than-expected returns. The strength and liquidity of the U.S. and relevant global equity markets, as well as the initial public offering market, affect the valuation of our equity positions in the portfolio companies of our funds. We depend on the ability of our investments to generate their anticipated returns to manage our obligations to make payments to our policyholders. If policyholder behavior differs from our expectations, we may be forced to sell our investments earlier than anticipated and during market conditions where we may realize losses. Our management of liquidity and capital requirements focuses on cash flows before the consolidation of our funds and the effect of changes in short-term assets and liabilities. We seek to maintain access to sufficient liquidity through various sources, including cash flow from operations, realizations on carried interest, interest and dividends from investments, and borrowings. Our liquidity needs include supporting and growing our business lines, funding capital commitments, servicing debt obligations, and paying policyholders. We have entered into contractual commitments that may require future cash payments, including commitments to fund the purchase of investments or other assets and obligations arising under our debt. The overall liquidity framework of our insurance business is based on building an investment portfolio that is cash flow matched, providing cash inflows from insurance assets that meet our insurance companies' expected cash outflows to pay their liabilities. The assumptions underlying our reserves and policy liabilities are reviewed at least annually, and any changes may require additional reserves to meet future policy and contract obligations.