We operate in an environment characterized by both complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. Recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we place considerable focus on affordability initiatives while endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner, with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities as well as growing our international sales. We invest substantially in our people to ensure we have the technical skills necessary to succeed, and we expect to continue to invest internally on innovative technologies that address rapidly evolving mission requirements for our customers. The COVID-19 pandemic continued to present business challenges in 2021, impacting each of our business areas related to COVID-19, primarily in continued increased coronavirus-related costs, delays in supplier deliveries, travel restrictions, site access and quarantine restrictions, employee absences, remote work and adjusted work schedules. We continued to take measures to protect the health and safety of our employees, including encouraging employees to be vaccinated. We also continued to work with our customers and suppliers to minimize disruptions, including using accelerated progress payments from the U.S. government and cash on hand to accelerate payments to our suppliers. We will continue to monitor risk driven by the pandemic and, based on our current assessment, we expect to continue to accelerate payments to our suppliers based on risk assessed need through the end of 2022. The ultimate impact of COVID-19 on our operations and financial performance in future periods, including our ability to execute our programs in the expected timeframe, remains uncertain and will depend on future pandemic-related developments. Our key programs continue to be supported and funded despite the continuing resolution financing mechanism. However, during periods covered by continuing resolutions or in the event of a government shutdown, we may experience delays in procurement of products and services due to lack of funding, and those delays may affect our results of operations. We expect 2022 net sales to decrease by approximately 2% from 2021 levels, driven by declines at three of the four business areas. We continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers. We accomplish this in part by our independent research and development activities and through acquisition, divestiture and internal realignment activities. We selectively pursue the acquisition of businesses and investments at attractive valuations that will expand or complement our current portfolio and allow access to new customers or technologies. Our international business is conducted either by foreign military sales contracted through the U.S. government or by direct commercial sales to international customers. We have ongoing combat systems programs associated with different classes of surface combatant ships for customers in various countries. Our multi-mission surface combatant program will provide surface combatant ships for international customers, designed to operate in shallow waters and the open ocean. We expect to continue to opportunistically manage our pension liabilities through the purchase of group annuity contracts for portions of our outstanding defined benefit pension obligations using assets from the pension trust. The effects of COVID-19 have resulted in some negative impacts on our cash flows, partially due to supplier delays. We continue to use accelerated progress payments and cash on hand to accelerate payments to our suppliers, prioritizing small and COVID-19 impacted businesses.