Mastercard is a technology company in the global payments industry that connects consumers, financial institutions, merchants, governments, digital partners, businesses, and other organizations worldwide, enabling them to use electronic forms of payment instead of cash and checks. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to have negative effects on the global economy, affecting business activity and adversely impacting consumers, customers, suppliers, business partners, and the workforce. Governments, businesses, and consumers continue to react to changing conditions, tightening or loosening safety measures based on the current environment. The full extent to which the pandemic and measures taken by stakeholders affect business results will depend on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. We continue to monitor the effects of the pandemic and the related impact on our business. Our growth rates, which are at various stages of recovery, increased as compared to the respective year-ago period as consumer and business spend recovers and we lap the initial effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. We have additional payment capabilities that include automated clearing house transactions, allowing us to offer integrated payment products and services and capture new payment flows. Our value-added services include cyber and intelligence solutions that allow all parties to transact easily and with confidence, as well as services that provide proprietary insights, drawing on our principled use of consumer and merchant data. Our franchise model sets the standards and ground rules that balance value and risk across all stakeholders, allowing for interoperability among them. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities balances, along with our cash flow generating capabilities and access to capital resources, are sufficient to satisfy our future operating cash needs, capital asset purchases, and other liquidity requirements associated with our existing operations and potential obligations. Our liquidity and access to capital could be negatively impacted by global credit market conditions. We guarantee the settlement of many transactions between our customers, and the risk of loss on these guarantees is specific to individual customers but may also be driven by regional or global economic conditions. Our liquidity and access to capital could also be negatively impacted by the outcome of any legal or regulatory proceedings. We rely on existing liquidity, cash generated from operations, and access to capital to fund our global operations, credit and settlement exposure, capital expenditures, and investments in our business. The pandemic has highlighted the importance of adaptability and operational flexibility in maintaining organizational resilience. We have continued to invest in our strategic initiatives, which are crucial for our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations. The ongoing development of our operational resources and strategic response mechanisms is essential for maintaining performance under pressure and ensuring organizational survival in the face of external disturbances.