Our business and results of operations have also been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and the preventative measures implemented by authorities from time to time to help limit the spread of the illness, which have caused, and are continuing to cause, business slowdowns or shutdowns in certain affected countries and regions. We are unable to predict the impact of the pandemic on user growth and engagement with any certainty and these trends may continue to be subject to volatility. The COVID-19 pandemic has also had a varied impact on the demand for and pricing of our ads from period to period. While we experienced a reduction in demand and a related decline in pricing during the onset of the pandemic, we believe the pandemic subsequently contributed to an acceleration in the growth of online commerce, particularly during the second half of 2020, and we experienced increasing demand for advertising as a result of this trend. More recently, we believe this growth has moderated in many regions, which to some extent adversely affected our advertising revenue growth in the second half of 2021. We may experience reduced advertising demand and related declines in pricing in future periods to the extent this trend continues, which could adversely affect our advertising revenue growth. Our advertising revenue growth in the second half of 2021 was adversely affected by reduced marketer spending as a result of limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the iOS operating system. We expect that future advertising revenue growth will continue to be adversely affected by these and other limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the regulatory environment and third-party mobile operating systems and browsers. We anticipate that additional investments in our data center capacity, servers, network infrastructure, and office facilities, as well as scaling our headcount to support our growth, including in our reality labs initiatives, will continue to drive expense growth in 2022. We expect 2022 capital expenditures to be in the range of $29-34 billion and total expenses to be in the range of $90-95 billion. In 2022, we also expect that our year-over-year total expense growth rates may significantly exceed our year-over-year revenue growth rates, which would adversely affect our operating margin and profitability. Trends in the number of people in our community affect our revenue and financial results by influencing the number of ads we are able to show, the value of our ads to marketers, the volume of payments transactions, as well as our expenses and capital expenditures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance, and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. Our mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. All of our products, including our apps, share the vision of helping to bring the metaverse to life. We also continued to invest based on the following company priorities: continue making progress on the major social issues facing the internet and our company, including privacy, safety, and security; build new experiences that meaningfully improve people's lives today and set the stage for even bigger improvements in the future; keep building our business by supporting the millions of businesses that rely on our services to grow and create jobs; and communicate more transparently about what we're doing and the role our services play in the world. We believe that our operational flexibility and strategic initiatives will enable us to adapt to future challenges and enhance our resilience in the face of external pressures and environmental disruptions.