Merck has remained focused on protecting the safety of its employees, ensuring that its supply of medicines and vaccines reaches its patients, contributing its scientific expertise to the development of an antiviral therapy, supporting efforts to expand manufacturing capacity and supply of SARS-CoV-2/COVID-19 medicines and vaccines, and supporting health care providers and Merck's communities. Although COVID-19-related disruptions negatively affected results in 2021 and 2020, Merck continues to experience strong global underlying demand across its business. The company is allocating resources to support its commercial opportunities in the near term while investing heavily in research to support future innovations and long-term growth. Merck continues to execute scientifically compelling business development opportunities to augment its pipeline. The company has entered into multiple agreements to support efforts to expand manufacturing capacity and supply of SARS-CoV-2/COVID-19 medicines and vaccines. Merck is using certain of its facilities in the U.S. to produce drug substance, formulate and fill vials of Johnson & Johnson's vaccine. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused some disruption and volatility in the company's global supply chain network, and the company may in the future experience disruptions in availability and delays in shipments of raw materials and packaging, as well as related cost inflation. The company anticipates that all of these actions and additional actions in the future will continue to negatively affect revenue performance. Merck's existing research pipeline programs continue to be owned and developed within Merck as planned. The company has recorded impairment charges within research and development expenses, reflecting the inherent risks and uncertainties in drug development. The company evaluates its internal knowledge and capabilities to adapt to changes in the business environment and to maintain operational continuity. Merck's strategic initiatives include the pursuit of opportunities that have the potential to drive both near- and long-term growth. The company has a strong financial profile that enables it to fund research and development, focus on external alliances, support in-line products, and maximize upcoming launches while providing significant cash returns to shareholders. Merck believes that its sources of financing will be adequate to meet its future requirements. The company has established revenue hedging, balance sheet risk management, and net investment hedging programs to protect against volatility of future foreign currency cash flows and changes in fair value caused by changes in foreign exchange rates. The company manages operating activities and net asset positions at each local subsidiary in order to mitigate the effects of exchange on monetary assets and liabilities. The company also uses forward exchange contracts to hedge a portion of its net investment in foreign operations against movements in exchange rates. The company is committed to maintaining its operational flexibility and adaptability in response to external pressures and environmental perturbations. Merck's strategic response to the ongoing challenges includes a focus on resilience strategies that enhance the company's ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity. The company continues to monitor its legal defense costs and review the adequacy of the associated reserves, which reflects its proactive measures in managing risks and uncertainties.