For an overview of our business and certain related trends, we continuously evaluate alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect to receive $900 million of proceeds from the sale of our lehi facility to ti in the first quarter of 2022. Our investments consist primarily of bank deposits, money market funds, and liquid investment-grade, fixed-income securities, which are diversified among industries and individual issuers. To mitigate credit risk, we invest through high-credit-quality financial institutions and by policy generally limit the concentration of credit exposure by restricting the amount of investments with any single obligor. We must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and r&d to develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality. We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies, and significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of a loss, if any, from such contingencies. Our management believes the accounting policies below are critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. We periodically assess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment based on technology node transitions, capital spending, and equipment re-use rates. The estimate of future cash flows involves numerous assumptions which require significant judgment, including future use of the assets for our operations versus sale or disposal of the assets, future selling prices for our products, and future production and sales volumes. Our overall gross margin percentage increased to 38% for 2021 from 31% for 2020, primarily due to the increases in dram average selling prices and cost reductions resulting from strong execution in delivering products featuring advanced technologies. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. Our overall gross margin percentage decreased to 31% for 2020 from 46% for 2019, primarily due to declines in average selling prices, partially offset by the effect of decreases in non-cash depreciation expense from the revision in estimated useful lives of equipment in our nand wafer fabrication facilities, cost reductions resulting from strong execution in delivering products featuring advanced technologies, and continuous improvement initiatives to reduce production costs. The revision in estimated useful lives reduced nand manufacturing depreciation expense and benefited cost of goods sold by approximately $400 million for 2020. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. The increase in cash provided by operating activities for 2021 as compared to 2020 was primarily due to higher net income adjusted for non-cash items compared with the prior period and the effect of lower inventories, partially offset by an increase in receivables due to a higher level of sales. We recognize a restructure charge of $435 million to write down the assets held for sale to the expected consideration to be received under our agreement with ti. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect to receive $900 million of proceeds from the sale of our lehi facility to ti in the first quarter of 2022. Our investments consist primarily of bank deposits, money market funds, and liquid investment-grade, fixed-income securities, which are diversified among industries and individual issuers. To mitigate credit risk, we invest through high-credit-quality financial institutions and by policy generally limit the concentration of credit exposure by restricting the amount of investments with any single obligor.