The full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operations, and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict. While most of our productions have resumed, certain of our productions continue to experience disruption, as do the productions of our third-party content suppliers. Other partners have similarly had their operations disrupted, including those partners that we use for our operations as well as development, production, and post-production of content. Production disruptions and new health and safety protocols and requirements can result in additional costs including additional pay to cast and crew and use of PPE and testing. We will continue to actively monitor the issues raised by the COVID-19 pandemic and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by federal, state, local, or foreign authorities, or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, and stockholders. It is not clear what the potential effects any such alterations or modifications may have on our business, including the effects on our members, suppliers, or vendors, or on our financial results. The increase in operating margin is due primarily to content amortization growing at a slower rate as compared to the 19% increase in revenues in part as a result of delays in content releases due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The decrease in cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues from 61% to 58% is primarily due to delays in content releases due to the COVID-19 pandemic, resulting in content amortization growing at a slower rate as compared to the growth in revenue. We expect to continue to significantly increase our investments in global content, particularly in original content. We currently anticipate that cash flows from operations, available funds, and access to financing sources, including our revolving credit facility, will continue to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for the next twelve months and beyond. Our ability to obtain this or any additional financing that we may choose to, or need to, obtain will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance, and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We may not be able to obtain such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. We may discontinue any repurchases of our common stock at any time without prior notice. The contractual obligations table above does not include any estimated obligation for the unknown future titles, payment for which could range from less than one year to more than five years. However, these unknown obligations are expected to be significant and we believe could include approximately $1 billion to $4 billion over the next three years, with the payments for the vast majority of such amounts expected to occur after the next twelve months. The increase in payments for content assets was primarily driven by delays in productions resulting from the pandemic that impacted the prior year, which resulted in the timing of certain production payments being shifted into the current year. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, in full or in part, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including our past operating results, and our forecast of future earnings, future taxable income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. The assumptions utilized in determining future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying business. Actual operating results in future years could differ from our current assumptions, judgments, and estimates.