Servicenow was founded on a simple premise: a better technology platform will help work flow better. The company's purpose is to make the world work better for everyone. The Now platform enables us to connect systems, silos, departments, and processes with digital workflows that are simple and easy to use. The transformation to digital operations, enabled by the Now platform, increases our customers' resiliency and security and delivers great experiences and additional value to their employees and consumers. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we continue to focus on maintaining business continuity, helping our employees, customers, and communities, and preparing for the future and the long-term success of our business. We are continuing to monitor the actual and potential effects of the COVID-19 pandemic across our business. The impact, if any, of these and any additional operational changes we may implement is uncertain, but changes we have implemented have not affected and are not expected to affect our ability to maintain operations, including financial reporting systems, internal control over financial reporting, and disclosure controls and procedures. We believe information regarding the total number of customers with annual contract value greater than $1 million provides useful information to investors because it is an indicator of our growing customer base and demonstrates the value customers are receiving from the Now platform. We have generated positive operating cash flows over the last ten years as we continue to grow our business in pursuit of our business strategy, and we expect to grow our business and generate positive cash flows from operations during 2022. Our working capital requirements are principally comprised of non-contract workforce salaries, bonuses, commissions, and benefits and, to a lesser extent, cancellable and non-cancelable licenses and services arrangements that are integral to our business operations, and operating lease obligations. We expect payment for the investment in Celonis SE of $100 million in the first quarter of 2022. Our capital expenditures are typically under cancellable arrangements primarily used to support the installed base and growth of our hosted business. We have also issued long-term debt to finance our business. Our free cash flows, together with our other sources of liquidity, are available to service our liabilities as well as our cancellable and non-cancellable arrangements. We anticipate cash flows generated from operations, cash, cash equivalents, and investments will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for at least the next 12 months. As we look beyond the next 12 months, we seek to continue to grow free cash flows necessary to fund our operations and grow our business. We expect our subscription gross profit percentage to slightly increase for the year ended December 31, 2022, driven by the change in estimated useful life of data center equipment from three to four years beginning in 2022. However, we will continue to incur incremental costs to attract customers in regulated markets by adopting public cloud offerings as well as increased support for customers impacted by new and evolving data residency requirements. We expect our professional services and other gross loss percentage to worsen for the year ending December 31, 2022, as we expect additional costs to support business growth and increases in travel expenses compared to the year ended December 31, 2021.