The demand for our products is based on many factors, including our product introductions, time to market, transitions, competitor product releases and announcements, and competing technologies, all of which can impact the timing and volume of our revenue. Consumer and enterprise behavior during the COVID-19 pandemic has made it more difficult for us to estimate future demand and may have changed pre-pandemic behaviors, and these challenges may be more pronounced or volatile in the future on both a global and regional basis. Our manufacturing lead times are very long and in some cases extend to be twelve months or longer, which requires us to make estimates of customers' future demand. These conditions could lead to a significant mismatch between supply and demand, giving rise to product shortages or excess inventory, and make our demand forecast more uncertain. We expect to remain supply-constrained into the first half of fiscal year 2023, primarily in gaming and networking. We have placed non-cancellable inventory orders for certain supply in advance of our historical lead times, paid premiums and provided deposits to secure future supply and capacity and may need to continue to do so in the future. The COVID-19 pandemic continued during fiscal year 2022. Most of our employees continue to work remotely and we have paused most business travel. Our gaming, data center, and professional visualization market platforms have benefited from stronger demand as people continue to work, learn, and play from home. As our offices begin to reopen, we expect to incur incremental expenses as we resume onsite services and related in-office costs. The timing and overall demand from customers, the availability of supply chain, logistical services and component supply, and the impact of rising inflation may have a material net negative impact on our business and financial results. We believe our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, along with commercial paper arrangements, will be sufficient to satisfy our working capital needs, capital asset purchases, dividends, debt repayments, and other liquidity requirements associated with our existing operations. We specialize in markets where our computing platforms can provide tremendous acceleration for applications. These platforms incorporate processors, interconnects, software, algorithms, systems, and services to deliver unique value. We continue to benefit from strong demand for NVIDIA Ampere architecture products, and believe the increase in gaming revenue during fiscal year 2022 resulted from a combination of factors, including the ramp of new RTX 30 series GPUs and the rising popularity of gaming, esports, content creation, and streaming. Our platforms address four large markets where our expertise is critical: gaming, data center, professional visualization, and automotive. We also made substantial strides in broadening our supply base to scale our company and better serve customer demand. Situations that may result in excess or obsolete inventory include changes in business and economic conditions, changes in market conditions, sudden and significant decreases in demand for our products, and failure to estimate customer demand properly. We have not experienced any significant physical effects of climate change to date on our operations and results, nor any significant impacts on the cost or availability of insurance. In fiscal year 2023, we plan to build Earth-2, an AI supercomputer dedicated to predicting the impacts of climate change and increase our purchases of renewable energy credits. We continuously evaluate our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can finance our future capital requirements.