Our global operations continue to expose us to risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, which has affected almost all of the more than 200 countries and territories in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed, or sold. Numerous measures have been implemented around the world to try to reduce the spread of the virus, including travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, and business shutdowns. These measures have impacted our ability to make, manufacture, distribute, and sell our products, which may continue to result in changes in demand for our products, increases in operating costs, or adverse impacts to our supply chain through labor shortages and raw material shortages. We continue to see shifts in product and channel preferences as markets move through varying stages of restrictions and reopening at different times, including changes in at-home consumption and an increase in demand in the e-commerce and online-to-offline channels. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical. To meet these challenges, we are driven by an approach called PepsiCo Positive (pep+), which is a strategic end-to-end transformation of our business, with sustainability at the center of how we strive to create growth and value. We are working to build a circular and inclusive value chain through actions to achieve net-zero emissions and become net water positive. Our operations are also impacted by the rapid growth in sales through e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications, and we continue to monitor changes in the retail landscape to identify actions we may take to build our global e-commerce and digital capabilities. The achievement of our strategic and operating objectives involves taking risks that may evolve over time, and we leverage an integrated risk management framework to identify, assess, prioritize, and address top strategic, financial, operating, compliance, safety, and reputational risks. The board of directors has oversight responsibility for PepsiCo's integrated risk management framework, which includes updates on key risks throughout the year. We have developed and implemented health and safety protocols, business continuity plans, and crisis management protocols to mitigate the negative impact of COVID-19 on our employees and business. Our risk management office provides ongoing guidance, tools, and analytical support to facilitate communication between the parties involved in risk management. The ongoing economic uncertainty associated with the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in volatility in the global capital and credit markets, which can impair our ability to access these markets on terms commercially acceptable to us. We continue to monitor the economic, operating, and political environment in various markets closely and identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. The COVID-19 pandemic has also resulted in changes in consumer purchasing and consumption patterns, which can adversely affect our customers' and business partners' financial condition, potentially leading to reduced or canceled orders of our products. We believe these priorities will position our company for long-term sustainable growth and enhance our organizational resilience in the face of adversity.