We are a leading international tobacco company working to deliver a smoke-free future and evolving our portfolio for the long-term to include products outside of the tobacco and nicotine sector. Since 2008, we have invested more than $9 billion to develop, scientifically substantiate and commercialize innovative smoke-free products for adults who would otherwise continue to smoke, with the goal of completely ending the sale of cigarettes. This includes the building of world-class scientific assessment capabilities, notably in the areas of pre-clinical systems toxicology, clinical and behavioral research, as well as post-market studies. With a strong foundation and significant expertise in life sciences, we announced our ambition to expand into wellness and healthcare areas and deliver innovative products and solutions that aim to address unmet patient and consumer needs. Our cigarette products are sold in approximately 180 markets, and in many of these markets they hold the number one or number two market share position. We have a wide range of premium, mid-price and low-price brands. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. In addition to the manufacture and sale of cigarettes, we are engaged in the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products ("rrps"). Rrps is the term we use to refer to products that present, are likely to present, or have the potential to present less risk of harm to smokers who switch to these products versus continuing smoking. During 2021, we laid the foundation for our long-term growth ambitions beyond nicotine in wellness and healthcare, including the milestone acquisitions of vectura group plc and fertin pharma a/s which provide essential capabilities for future product development. The current global semiconductor shortage has resulted in a tightness in iqos device supply in the second half of 2021. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the iqos device supply situation eased, resulting in improved iqos user growth versus the third quarter. However, we still do not have full visibility over the full year 2022. The itc decision has no bearing outside the u.s.; competitor lawsuits based on the same patent families have repeatedly and universally failed in european courts and the european patent office. We expect an improving iqos device supply situation, with a gradual return to an unconstrained iqos user quarterly growth progression. The changes in our reported diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2021, were impacted by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates and the mix of products we sell. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the favorable volume/mix primarily driven by higher heated tobacco unit volume and higher device volume, partially offset by lower cigarette volume and unfavorable cigarette mix. This net revenue growth reflects the continued strength of iqos and the recovery of the combustible business in many markets from the low base in 2020 due to the impact of covid-19. We recorded pre-tax asset impairment and exit costs related to the organizational design optimization plan, primarily in Switzerland, and the product distribution restructuring in South Korea. Our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. We currently manage our business in six geographical segments and an other category. The organizational design optimization plan and product distribution restructuring are part of our strategic initiatives to enhance our operational flexibility and adaptability in response to market conditions and external pressures.