The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation and licensing, and a leading developer and supplier of 5G integrated circuit products in order to sustain and grow our business long term. Our business may be impacted by the following key items: we expect QCT revenues to continue to be favorably impacted due to increased demand across handset, RFFE, automotive, and IoT revenue streams. While the semiconductor industry continues to experience certain capacity constraints, we have entered into several, and we expect to enter into additional, multi-year capacity purchase commitments with certain suppliers of our integrated circuit products in an effort to secure commitments for future supply. We expect commercial 5G network deployments and device launches will continue. We expect our research and development costs will increase compared to fiscal 2021, primarily due to increased investment towards advancements in 5G and application processor technologies and certain other long-term initiatives. Current U.S./China trade relations and/or national security protection policies may negatively impact our business, growth prospects, and results of operations. We currently do not expect a significant impact on our results of operations in the future due to COVID-19. The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, financial condition, and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless industry and governments as to the benefits of our licensing program and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. However, we expect that certain companies may be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technologies and not welcome the success of our licensing program in enabling new, highly cost-effective competitors to their products. Accordingly, such companies, and/or governments or regulators, may continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. We expect to continue making strategic investments and acquisitions, the amounts of which could vary significantly, to open new opportunities for our technologies, obtain development resources, grow our patent portfolio, or pursue new businesses. We believe our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, our expected cash flow generated from operations, and our expected financing activities will satisfy our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months based on our current business plans. Our purchase obligations primarily relate to purchase commitments with certain suppliers of our integrated circuit products, including those under multi-year capacity commitments, and certain other expenses, some of which relate to research and development activities and capital expenditures. We expect an increase in operating cash outflows as compared to fiscal 2021 as we make payments under the multi-year capacity commitments and as we enter into additional agreements with certain suppliers of our integrated circuit products. We expect capital expenditures to increase in fiscal 2022 to support the increase in our manufacturing and production capacity needs. We have provided financial guarantees in lieu of cash payment to satisfy obligations while we appeal the EU's decisions. Unfavorable resolutions of one or more of these matters have had and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.