Throughout this MD&A, we commonly discuss the overall strength and resilience of our brand, which is reflected in our financial results. Consolidated revenues increased 24% to $29.1 billion in fiscal 2021 compared to $23.5 billion in fiscal 2020, primarily due to business recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. This recovery demonstrates our ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite adversity. We believe that our long-term growth model will continue to be driven by new store openings, comparable store sales, and margin management, which are critical to our operational flexibility and resilience strategies. In fiscal 2020, we announced a restructuring plan to optimize our North America store portfolio, which involved blending store formats to better cater to changing customer tastes and preferences. The successful execution of this plan, which resulted in the closure of 807 stores, reflects our adaptability and strategic response to market pressures. Our financial results indicate a significant recovery, with comparable store sales for North America increasing 22% in fiscal 2021 compared to a decline of 12% in fiscal 2020. This recovery was supported by enhancements in retail store partner wages and benefits, which are essential for maintaining organizational health and attracting high-quality talent necessary for continued growth. We also experienced certain supply shortages and transportation delays attributable to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic; however, we view these challenges as temporary and do not believe they will materially impact our long-term growth and profitability. Our confidence in the strength of our brand and durability of our growth strategy is further reinforced by our focused efforts to elevate customer experiences and drive beverage innovation. The increase in operating income and margin expansion in fiscal 2021 were primarily due to sales leverage from business recovery and lapping higher COVID-19 related costs in the prior year. We anticipate that planned wage investments in the U.S., along with increased supply chain costs, will impact operating margins in fiscal 2022, but these should be offset by benefits from pricing decisions and productivity efficiency. Our ability to manage risks associated with commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, and interest rates is integral to our operational management and resilience. The strategic initiatives we undertake, including investments in technology and enhancing digital capabilities, are designed to support our organizational effectiveness and long-term adaptability. We regularly review our cash positions and determine the use of available cash resources to support our core businesses, including investing in new ways to serve our customers and supporting our store partners. The successful navigation of the challenges posed by the pandemic and our proactive measures in response to changing market conditions illustrate our commitment to organizational resilience and the maintenance of positive adjustment under challenging conditions.