The company mobilized in early 2020 to support the COVID-19 pandemic response with products and services that help analyze, diagnose, and protect from the virus. However, as a result of the pandemic's impact on various markets, the company saw a significant reduction in customer activity in several businesses by late March 2020 that materially adversely affected primarily the 2020 results of the analytical instruments segment and, to a lesser extent, some businesses within the company's other three segments. The negative impact significantly lessened in 2021, but could worsen in 2022 dependent on the success of global efforts to control and unwind from the pandemic and economic activity ramping up. During 2021, the life sciences solutions and specialty diagnostics segments as well as the laboratory products business continued to support COVID-19 diagnostic testing, scaling and evolving their molecular diagnostics solutions and plastic consumables businesses to respond to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The biosciences and bioproduction businesses also expanded their capacity to meet the needs of pharma and biotech customers as they rapidly expanded their own production volumes to meet global vaccine manufacturing requirements. The company continues to execute its proven growth strategy which consists of three pillars: developing high-impact, innovative new products, leveraging its scale in high-growth and emerging markets, and delivering a unique value proposition to its customers. The company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, research and development projects, and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience. The increase in segment revenues at existing businesses in 2021 was driven by a combination of increased demand for testing to diagnose COVID-19 with higher sales of biosciences products and strong demand in each of the segment's businesses. The increase in segment income margin was primarily due to profit on higher sales and sales mix, and, to a lesser extent, acquisitions and a credit to cost of product revenue as a result of changing the method of accounting for inventories. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 24 months. The company expects that for all of 2022, expenditures for property, plant, and equipment, net of disposals, will be between $2.5 and $2.7 billion. The company has entered into unconditional purchase obligations, in the ordinary course of business, that include agreements to purchase goods, services, or fixed assets and to pay royalties. The company's ability to obtain a benefit from lower tax rates outside the U.S. is dependent on its relative levels of income in countries outside the U.S. and on the statutory tax rates in those countries. The company believes that a change in the statutory tax rate in any individual country is not likely to materially affect the company's income tax provision or net income. The company evaluates goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually and when events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the asset below its carrying amount. The company performed the quantitative goodwill impairment test for all of its reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets. Indications of fair value based on projections of cash flows were sufficient to conclude that no impairment of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets existed at the end of the tenth fiscal month of 2021.