The merger has altered the size and scope of our operations, impacting our assets, liabilities, obligations, capital requirements and performance measures. As a combined company, we have been able to enhance the breadth and depth of our nationwide 5G network, accelerate innovation, increase competition in the U.S. wireless and broadband industries and achieve significant synergies and cost reductions by eliminating redundancies within the combined network as well as other business processes and operations. We expect to incur a total of $12.0 billion of merger-related costs, excluding capital expenditures, of which $6.5 billion has been incurred since the beginning of 2018. Our remaining integration and restructuring activities are expected to occur over the next two years with substantially all costs incurred by the end of fiscal year 2023. We are evaluating additional restructuring initiatives which are dependent on consultations and negotiation with certain counterparties and the expected impact on our business operations. The pandemic has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected businesses, economies and financial markets worldwide, and has caused significant volatility in the U.S. and international debt and equity markets. The impact of the pandemic has been wide-ranging, including the temporary closures of many businesses and schools, "shelter in place" orders, travel restrictions, social distancing guidelines and other governmental, business and individual actions taken in response to the pandemic. These restrictions have impacted, and will continue to impact, our business, including the demand for our products and services and the ways in which our customers purchase and use them. As a critical communications infrastructure provider as designated by the government, our focus has been on providing crucial connectivity to our customers and impacted communities while ensuring the safety and well-being of our employees. Throughout our forensic investigation of the August 2021 cyberattack, our top priority was to support those individuals impacted by the cyberattack. We have taken actions to proactively reset the personal identification numbers for approximately 870,000 current customer accounts whose names and pins may have been taken. We have also created a cyber transformation office reporting directly to our chief executive officer that will be responsible for managing our efforts. We have incurred certain cyberattack-related expenses that were not material and expect to continue to incur additional expenses in future periods, including costs to remediate the attack, provide additional customer support and enhance customer protection. We will continue to monitor the pandemic and its impacts and may adjust our actions as needed to continue to provide our products and services to our communities and employees. We expect the trends and results of operations of the combined company to be materially different than those of the standalone entities. We expect to realize cost efficiencies by eliminating redundancies within our combined network as well as other business processes and operations. Factors beyond our control, including required consultation and negotiation with certain counterparties, could affect the total amount or the timing of these expenses. These expenses could exceed the costs historically borne by us and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The availability of vaccines, as well as our continued social distancing measures and incremental cleaning efforts, have facilitated the continued operation of our retail stores. We will continue to monitor the pandemic and its impacts and may adjust our actions as needed to continue to provide our products and services to our communities and employees.