Our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. We continue to ramp production, build new manufacturing capacity, and expand our operations to enable increased deliveries and deployments of our products and further revenue growth. We must meet ambitious technological targets with our plans for battery cells as well as for iterative manufacturing and design improvements for our vehicles with each new factory. We cannot predict the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic. We will continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions to remain flexible and to optimize and evolve our business as appropriate, and we will have to accurately project demand and infrastructure requirements globally and deploy our production, workforce, and other resources accordingly. Our current production continues to be affected by the industry-wide semiconductor and other component shortages, requiring additional workaround manufacturing and production design solutions to be implemented which may be difficult to sustain. We are focused on ramping all of our production vehicles to their installed production capacities as well as increasing capacity at our current factories. We expect to continue to generate net positive operating cash flow as we have done in the last four fiscal years. The cash we generate from our core operations enables us to fund ongoing operations and production, our research and development projects for new products and technologies including our proprietary battery cells, additional manufacturing ramps at existing manufacturing facilities, and the continued expansion of our retail and service locations. We will continue investing in a number of capital-intensive projects in upcoming periods. We remain committed to growing our retrofit solar energy business by offering a low-cost and simplified online ordering experience. As these product lines grow, we will have to maintain adequate battery cell supply for our energy storage products and hire additional personnel, particularly skilled electricians, to support the ramp of solar roof. We expect our ability to be self-funding to continue as long as macroeconomic factors support current trends in our sales. We are focused on increasing the capability and efficiency of our servicing operations. Our cost reduction efforts and additional localized procurement and manufacturing are key to our vehicles' affordability. We will also continue to generate demand and brand awareness by improving our vehicles' performance and functionality. We operate in a cyclical industry that is sensitive to trade, environmental, and political uncertainty, all of which may also be compounded by any future global impact from the COVID-19 pandemic. We must work constantly to prevent our vehicle delivery capability from becoming a bottleneck on our total deliveries. Increasing the exports of vehicles manufactured at Gigafactory Shanghai has been effective in mitigating the strain on our deliveries in markets outside of the United States. We will have to continue to increase and staff our delivery, servicing, and charging infrastructure accordingly, maintain our vehicle reliability, and optimize our supercharger locations to ensure cost-effectiveness and customer satisfaction. We continue adapting our investment strategy to meet our liquidity and risk objectives, such as investing in U.S. government and other marketable securities, digital assets, and providing product-related financing. We believe in the long-term potential of digital assets both as an investment and also as a liquid alternative to cash. We continually evaluate our cash needs and may decide it is best to raise additional capital or seek alternative financing sources to fund the rapid growth of our business.