The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. The impact of the semiconductor chip shortage is masked in our year-over-year financial comparison for 2021 and 2020 as the second quarter of 2020 saw a temporary suspension of automotive production due to the pandemic. The pandemic also upended the intermodal supply chain as demand for consumer goods remained high. These disruptions limited our revenue growth by slowing asset turns and increasing costs through lower freight car velocity and multiple container handlings that impeded our operating efficiency. We have and are continuing to adapt to protect the safety of our employees, our customers, and the communities we serve. In this ever-changing environment, we remain intently focused on reducing risk and eliminating incidents for our employees, our customers, and the public. Throughout the year, we worked to implement a physics engine and proprietary software to evaluate train and route characteristics to enable proactive intervention to prevent derailments. Our safety results deteriorated year-over-year. We faced many operational challenges throughout 2021, including winter storm uri, global supply chain disruptions, wildfires, bridge outages, mudslides, and hurricanes. These challenges required adjustments to our transportation plans and impacted overall fluidity of the network. To assist with improving network fluidity, we are maintaining higher crew and locomotive resources in the short-term. Once the network is balanced and service is restored, we will adjust our resources to the current volume levels. We expect volume to outpace industrial production in 2022 as the results of our business development efforts are bringing new customers to our railroad. Regardless of external factors, we will focus on efficiently managing operations; seeking new business opportunities; protecting our employees, customers, and communities; and providing excellent service to our customers. We will continue transforming our railroad to increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource utilization. Our capital plan to be approximately $3.3 billion includes investments to support our growth strategy, hardening our infrastructure, replacing older assets, and improving the safety and resilience of the network. We will continue to evaluate our financial condition and liquidity, analyzing a wide range of economic scenarios and the impact on our ability to generate cash. We believe it is not an indication of a lack of liquidity. We also maintain adequate resources, including our credit facility and, when necessary, access the capital markets to meet any foreseeable cash requirements. Disruptions in our customers' supply chains caused by the pandemic or other factors may continue to impact our shipments. We will continue our efforts to utilize data to identify and mitigate risk, detect rail defects, improve or close crossings, and educate the public and law enforcement agencies about crossing safety. Our initiatives will be informed by recommendations identified in the third-party assessment of the effectiveness of our safety program. We will continue to refine safety procedures and policies based on Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) guidelines. The health and wellbeing of our employees was a focal point in 2021 as we navigated the continuously changing environment due to COVID. We will continue to evaluate and adjust deployment of total safety culture, courage to care, commit, and peer to peer throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety.