The company continues to believe that focused investments in research and development are critical to its future growth and competitive position in the marketplace, and to the development of new and updated products and services that are central to the company's core business strategy. The company's reportable segments consist of the Americas, Europe, Greater China, Japan, and Rest of Asia Pacific, and each one is managed separately to better align with the location of the company's customers and distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic region. The year-over-year growth in research and development expense in 2021 was driven primarily by increases in headcount-related expenses, research and development-related professional services, and infrastructure-related costs. The company utilizes several outsourcing partners to manufacture subassemblies for the company's products and to perform final assembly and testing of finished products, obtaining individual components for its products from a wide variety of individual suppliers. Outsourcing partners acquire components and build product based on demand information supplied by the company, which typically covers periods up to 150 days. The company's manufacturing purchase obligations are primarily noncancelable, and it has lease arrangements for certain equipment and facilities, including retail, corporate, manufacturing, and data center space. The company has established deferred tax assets for foreign tax credit carryforwards in Ireland and increased deferred tax assets for research and development tax credit carryforwards in California, which resulted in a combined increase in the valuation allowance on the company's deferred tax assets. The company's effective tax rate for 2021 was lower than the statutory federal income tax rate due primarily to a lower effective tax rate on foreign earnings, tax benefits from share-based compensation, and foreign-derived intangible income deductions. The company's liquidity and capital resources include balances of cash, cash equivalents, and unrestricted marketable securities, which totaled $172.6 billion as of September 25, 2021, along with cash generated by ongoing operations and continued access to debt markets, which will be sufficient to satisfy its cash requirements and capital return program over the next 12 months and beyond. The company believes that the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its operational and financial performance is uncertain and will depend on many factors outside the company's control, including the timing, extent, trajectory, and duration of the pandemic, the emergence of new variants, and the impact of the pandemic on the global economy and demand for consumer products. The company has reopened all of its retail stores and substantially all of its other facilities, subject to operating restrictions to protect public health and the health and safety of employees and customers. The extent of the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the company's business, results of operations, and financial condition, as well as the price of the company's stock, could materially impact its operations. The company has experienced disruptions in its supply chain, resulting in supply shortages that affected sales worldwide, and similar disruptions could occur in the future. The company's future gross margins can be impacted by a variety of factors, as discussed in the risk factors section of this form 10-K, and it believes that gross margins will be subject to volatility and downward pressure.