Applied's strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections and expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries. The growth of data and emerging end-market drivers such as artificial intelligence, the internet of things, 5G networks, smart vehicles, and augmented and virtual reality are creating the next wave of growth for the industry. Applied's significant investments in research, development, and engineering must generally enable it to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. Applied works closely with its global customers to design systems and processes that meet their planned technical and production requirements. The semiconductor systems segment is comprised primarily of capital equipment used to fabricate semiconductor chips, and semiconductor industry spending on capital equipment is driven by demand for advanced electronic products, including smartphones and other mobile devices, servers, personal computers, automotive electronics, storage, and other products. Development efforts are focused on solving customers' key technical challenges in transistor, interconnect, patterning, and packaging performance. Demand for applied global services' solutions is driven by Applied's large and growing installed base of manufacturing systems and customers' needs to shorten ramp times, improve device performance and yield, and optimize factory output and operating costs. Industry conditions that affect applied global services' sales of spares and services are primarily characterized by increases in semiconductor manufacturers' wafer starts and continued strong utilization rates, growth of the installed base of equipment, and the company's ability to sell more comprehensive service agreements. Applied's display and adjacent markets segment encompasses products for manufacturing liquid crystal and OLED displays, and other display technologies for TVs, monitors, laptops, personal computers, electronic tablets, smartphones, and other consumer-oriented devices and equipment upgrades. The segment is focused on expanding its presence through technologically differentiated equipment for manufacturing large-scale LCD TVs, OLEDs, low-temperature polysilicon, metal oxide, and touch panel sectors, and development of products that provide customers with improved performance and yields. Applied's ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products it provides depends on its commitment to investing in research, development, and engineering to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of its customers' most advanced designs. The timing of customer investment in manufacturing equipment is affected by the timing of next-generation process development and the timing of capacity expansion to meet end-market demand. Applied's results can vary significantly year-over-year, as well as quarter-over-quarter, due to these conditions. Applied's future operating results depend to a considerable extent on its ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products it provides, which requires substantial investments in research, development, and engineering to deliver innovative technology that meets customer requirements. The company continues to prioritize existing research, development, and engineering investments in technical capabilities and critical research and development programs in current and new markets, with a focus on semiconductor technologies.