We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We continue to transform and improve our business processes. These activities are not intended to constrain our capacity but to enable the company to emerge stronger and be more resilient when the market recovers. We are also focused on improving our products and services and continuing our business transformation efforts, which enhances our ability to compete and positions us for market recovery. The aerospace markets we serve include parts distribution, logistics and other inventory services; maintenance, engineering and upgrades; training and professional services; and information services. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable; government services comprise approximately half of BGS revenue, which is unchanged from pre-pandemic levels. We continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain as we ramp up production. These measures and disruptions have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, 787 production issues and associated rework, and residual impacts of the 737 MAX grounding are having a significant negative impact on our liquidity and ongoing operations and creating significant uncertainty. We expect that successful execution of these measures will improve near-term liquidity and long-term cost competitiveness. The industry remains vulnerable to exogenous developments including fuel price spikes, credit market shocks, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, conflicts, epidemics, pandemics, and increased global environmental regulations. The commercial airplane market and the airline industry both remain extremely competitive. We face aggressive international competitors who are intent on increasing their market share. They offer competitive products and have access to most of the same customers and suppliers. The grounding of the 737 MAX and the associated suspension of 737 MAX deliveries in multiple jurisdictions significantly reduced our market share with respect to deliveries of single aisle aircraft in 2019, 2020, and 2021 and may provide competitors with an opportunity to obtain more orders and increase market share. This market environment has resulted in intense pressures on pricing and other competitive factors, and we expect these pressures to continue or intensify in the coming years. Our BDS strategy is to leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets, underscored by an intense focus on growth and productivity. We will maintain a disciplined rate management process and make adjustments as appropriate in the future. We continue to expect commercial air travel to return to 2019 levels in 2023 to 2024. We expect it will take a few years beyond that for the industry to return to long-term trend growth. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable; government services comprise approximately half of BGS revenue, which is unchanged from pre-pandemic levels. We expect that successful execution of these measures will improve near-term liquidity and long-term cost competitiveness.