We connect consumers who wish to make travel reservations with travel service providers around the world through our online platforms. We continue to increase the collaboration, cooperation, and interdependency among our brands to provide consumers with the most comprehensive services. We believe this growth was the result of the continued innovation and execution by our teams around the world to increase the number and the variety of accommodations we offer consumers, increase and improve content, build distribution, and improve the consumer experience on our online platforms, as well as to consistently and effectively market our brands through performance and brand marketing efforts. We are constantly innovating to grow our business by providing a best-in-class user experience with intuitive, easy-to-use online platforms to ensure that we are meeting the needs of online consumers while aiming to exceed their expectations. As part of these ongoing efforts, we have a long-term strategy to build a more integrated offering of multiple elements of travel connected by a payment platform, which we refer to as the "connected trip," and we expect these efforts to increase room night growth and revenue growth over time. Our marketing efficiency, expressed as marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings, and performance marketing returns on investment are impacted by a number of factors that are subject to variability and are in some cases outside of our control, including adrs, costs per click, cancellation rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and our ability to convert paid traffic to booking customers. Our performance marketing expense is primarily related to the use of online search engines, meta-search and travel research services, and affiliate marketing to generate traffic to our platforms. We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through marketing and promotional campaigns. Our marketing expenses consist primarily of the costs of referrals from meta-search and travel research websites, offline and online brand marketing, and other performance-based marketing and incentives. We rely on our marketing channels to generate a significant amount of traffic to our websites. Information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, outsourced data center and cloud computing costs, and data communications and other expenses associated with operating our services. Information technology expenses increased due to increased payments to contractors and software license fees, some of which relate to cybersecurity and data privacy. We believe that adding these types of service offerings will benefit consumers and travel service providers, as well as our gross bookings, room night, and earnings growth rates. However, this results in additional expenses for personnel, payment processing, chargebacks, and other expenses related to these transactions. We expect to see higher than pre-covid-19 pandemic growth rates until we return to the level of travel market demand that we observed prior to the covid-19 pandemic, after which we expect prior trends to generally resume. The competition for technology talent in our industry has intensified, which could continue in the future due to an actual or perceived slower pace of recovery of the travel industry as a result of the covid-19 pandemic than other industries. As a result of the highly competitive labor market, our personnel expenses to attract and retain key talent are increasing, which may adversely affect our results of operations. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins.