Through our subsidiaries, we engage in numerous diverse business activities. Our management views our insurance businesses as possessing two distinct activities - underwriting and investing. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains and losses. The timing and magnitude of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. The significant catastrophe events in 2021 included hurricane Ida and floods in Europe in the third quarter, as well as winter storm Uri in the first quarter. Changes in estimates for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses can also significantly affect our periodic underwriting results. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated liabilities of our U.S.-based insurance subsidiaries due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We provide primary insurance and reinsurance products covering property and casualty risks, as well as life and health risks. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are Geico, Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group, and Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group. Our insurance businesses possess significant IT capabilities that have evolved to encompass the coordination of assets and internal processes, enhancing our ability to respond to market dynamics and consumer demands. We focus on information management capability, which includes the ability to provide data and information with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access. Our IT capabilities support business needs and have become key in transforming our firm into a competitive force. The application of IT resources, including technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, and management skills, furthers our organizational goals. The COVID-19 pandemic negatively affected most of our businesses beginning in March of 2020, with effects ranging from relatively minor to severe. However, many of our businesses experienced significant recoveries in revenues and earnings, in some instances exceeding pre-pandemic levels. We cannot reliably predict future economic effects of the pandemic or how these events will alter future consumption patterns. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax earnings from underwriting, and underwriting decisions are the responsibility of unit managers, while investing decisions are the responsibility of Berkshire's chairman and CEO and corporate investment managers. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to short-term investments. Our consolidated balance sheet reflects significant liquidity and a strong capital base. We maintain significant levels of shareholder capital and ample liquidity to provide a margin of safety against short-term price volatility. Our insurance operations generated pre-tax underwriting earnings, and we consider investment income as an integral component of our aggregate insurance operating results. The significant market risks associated with our business activities include equity prices, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and commodity prices. We strive to invest in businesses that possess excellent economics and able management, and we prefer to invest a meaningful amount in each company. Our investment gains and losses from changes in market prices of our investments in equity securities produce exceptional volatility in our periodic earnings.