We are a leading global provider of payments and financial services technology solutions. Our operations are comprised of the merchant acceptance segment, the financial technology segment, and the payments segment. The fintech segment provides financial institutions around the world with technology solutions that enable them to process customer deposit and loan accounts and manage general ledger and central information files, as well as other products and services that support numerous types of financial transactions such as digital banking, financial and risk management, professional services and consulting, and item processing and source capture services. Our businesses in this segment also provide products and services to corporate clients to facilitate the management of financial processes and transactions. The payments segment primarily provides financial institutions and corporate clients with the products and services required to process digital payment transactions, including card transactions such as debit, credit, and prepaid card processing and services, a range of network services, security and fraud protection products, card production and print services. The majority of our revenue is generated from recurring account- and transaction-based fees under multi-year contracts with high renewal rates. We aspire to move money and information in a way that moves the world by delivering superior value for our clients through leading technology, targeted innovation, and excellence in everything we do. We achieve this through active portfolio management of our business, enhancing the overall value of our existing client relationships, improving operational effectiveness, being disciplined in our allocation of capital, and differentiating our products and services through innovation. The global payments landscape continues to evolve, with rapidly advancing technologies and a steady expansion of digital payments, e-commerce, and innovation in real-time payments infrastructure. To meet business and consumer expectations, payments companies are focused on modernizing their technology, expanding the use of data, and enhancing the customer experience. Financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, maintain regulatory compliance, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. We expect to benefit from the trend of financial institutions moving from in-house technology to outsourced solutions as they seek to remain current on technology changes in an evolving marketplace. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has also reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients by providing new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant uncertainty as to general global economic and market conditions. We believe we have adequate capital resources and sufficient access to external financing sources to satisfy our current and reasonably anticipated requirements for funds to conduct our operations and meet other needs in the ordinary course of our business. The ability to continue to service debt and meet lease and other obligations as they come due depends on our continued ability to generate earnings and cash flows. We engage in regular communication with the banks that participate in our revolving credit facility, and we believe the likelihood of one of our banks not performing on its commitment is remote.