We continue to invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures, including significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus across Google services, Google Cloud, and other bets. We expect to continue to invest in information technology assets, which includes servers and network equipment, to support the long-term growth of our business. Our capital investments in property and equipment consist primarily of technical infrastructure, which includes our investments in servers and network equipment for computing, storage, and networking requirements for ongoing business activities, including machine learning. As we continue to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures. We have omitted discussion of 2019 results where it would be redundant to the discussion previously included in item 7 of our 2020 annual report on Form 10-K. The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, contributing to revenue growth, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business. We are focused on expanding our products and services to stay in front of these trends in order to maintain and grow our business. As interactions between users and advertisers change, and as online user behavior evolves, we continue to expand and evolve our product offerings to serve these changing needs. We expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. This trend could affect our revenues as developing markets initially monetize at a lower rate than more mature markets. We face continuing changes in regulatory conditions, laws, and public policies, which could affect our business practices and financial results. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs. We regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace, and form of capital return to stockholders. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities include payments to distribution and Google network partners, for compensation and related costs, and for content acquisition costs. We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities, cash flows from operations, and financing activities to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. The increase in TAC from 2020 to 2021 was due to an increase in TAC paid to distribution partners and to Google network partners, primarily driven by growth in revenues subject to TAC. We continue to make significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus across Google services, Google Cloud, and other bets. The increase in data center and other operations costs was partially offset by a reduction in depreciation expense due to the change in the estimated useful life of our servers and certain network equipment. Our capital investments in property and equipment consist primarily of technical infrastructure, which consists of our investments in servers and network equipment for computing, storage, and networking requirements for ongoing business activities. We expect TAC paid to our distribution partners and Google network partners to increase as our revenues grow. We expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available.