Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. As we offer more online services, the ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We face risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. We received ISO 27001 certification for a portion of our systems and we continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud. In August 2020, we reorganized certain technology and customer success functions that support and benefit our overall platform. Additionally, certain legal, facility, and employee service costs are now managed at the corporate level. Our total service and other revenue was $7.9 billion or 82% of our total revenue in fiscal 2021 and we expect our total service and other revenue to continue to grow in the future. The acquisition of Credit Karma contributed $865 million to total revenue in fiscal 2021. Our small business and self-employed segment revenue increased 16% primarily due to growth in our online ecosystem revenue. Online ecosystem revenue increased $568 million or 26% in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020. QuickBooks online accounting revenue increased 25% in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020 primarily due to an increase in customers, a shift in mix to our higher priced offerings, and higher effective prices. Online services revenue increased 27% in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020 primarily due to an increase in revenue from our payments and payroll offerings. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. Segment operating income increased $324 million or 15% in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020. The increase was due to the higher revenue described above, partially offset by an increase in expenses primarily for staffing, marketing, share-based compensation, and amortization of other acquired intangible assets. Our business is subject to significant seasonality, and we believe the seasonality of our business is likely to continue in the future. We evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. Our strong liquidity profile enables us to quickly respond to these kinds of opportunities. The ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important as we help customers manage their financial lives. Our future growth also increasingly depends on the strength of our third-party business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, maintain, and strengthen new and existing relationships. We expect to return excess cash generated by operations to our stockholders through payment of cash dividends, after taking into account our operating and strategic cash needs. We continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against fraud.