As of December 31, 2021, we have built our own global content delivery network ("open connect") to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Technology and development expenses consist primarily of payroll and related expenses for technology personnel responsible for making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining and modifying our user interface, our recommendations, merchandising and infrastructure. The increase in technology and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, was primarily due to a $384 million increase in personnel-related costs, primarily due to growth in average headcount to support the increase in our production activity and continued improvements in our streaming service. Our primary uses of cash include the acquisition, licensing and production of content, marketing programs, streaming delivery and personnel-related costs. We expect to continue to significantly increase our investments in global content, particularly in original content. The increase in payments for content assets was primarily driven by delays in productions resulting from the pandemic that impacted the prior year, which resulted in the timing of certain production payments being shifted into the current year. We anticipate that cash flows from operations, available funds and access to financing sources, including our revolving credit facility, will continue to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for the next twelve months and beyond. Our material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations primarily relate to our content, debt and lease obligations. The contractual obligations table above does not include any estimated obligation for the unknown future titles, payment for which could range from less than one year to more than five years. However, these unknown obligations are expected to be significant and we believe could include approximately $1 billion to $4 billion over the next three years, with the payments for the vast majority of such amounts expected to occur after the next twelve months. Our business model is subscription-based as opposed to a model generating revenues at a specific title level. Content assets (licensed and produced) are predominantly monetized as a group and therefore are reviewed at a group level when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content or that the fair value may be less than unamortized cost. We recognize content assets (licensed and produced) as "content assets, net" on the consolidated balance sheets. We have identified the critical accounting policies and judgments that require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. The increase in general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, was primarily due to a $187 million increase in personnel-related costs, primarily due to growth in average headcount to support the increase in our production activity and continued improvements in our streaming service. We derive revenues from monthly membership fees for services related to streaming content to our members. Our service continues to grow globally, with over 90% of the paid net membership additions for the year ended December 31, 2021, coming from outside the United States and Canada (UCAN) region. The full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict. We will continue to actively monitor the issues raised by the COVID-19 pandemic and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by federal, state, local or foreign authorities, or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners and stockholders.