We empower enterprises, service providers, and government entities to secure all users, applications, data, networks, clouds, and devices with comprehensive visibility and context continuously across all locations. We believe our portfolio offers advanced prevention and security, while reducing the total cost of ownership for organizations by improving operational efficiency and eliminating the need for siloed point products. We continue to invest in innovation and acquire businesses as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our portfolio, as we believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products is essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. Our growth reflects the increased adoption of our portfolio, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support. We believe our portfolio will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. We must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. We have made some changes to our business including instituting a global work-from-home policy beginning in March 2020 and adopting our flexwork initiative in fiscal 2021, which did not incur significant disruptions in our work operations during fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2021. Our focus remains on the safety of our employees, and we strive to protect the health and well-being of the communities in which we operate, in part, by providing technology to our employees, end-customers, and partners to help them do their best work while remote. We believe that our cash flow from operations with existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced products and subscription and support offerings, the costs to acquire or invest in complementary businesses and technologies, the costs to ensure access to adequate manufacturing capacity, and the investments in our infrastructure to support the adoption of our cloud-based subscription offerings. We expect our cost of subscription and support revenue to increase as our installed end-customer base grows and adoption of our cloud-based subscription offerings increases. Our research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs, and we expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our future products and services, although our research and development expense may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue. We expect sales and marketing expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we increase the size of our sales and marketing organizations to increase touch points with end-customers and to expand our global presence. We expect our gross margins to vary over time depending on factors including the introduction of new products, manufacturing costs, and the mix of revenue between product and subscription and support offerings. Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses, and we expect operating expenses generally to increase in absolute dollars and decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. The increase in personnel costs was primarily due to headcount growth, partially offset by decreased travel expenses due to COVID-19. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, expand deployment of our portfolio and support offerings within existing end-customers, and focus on end-customer satisfaction.