Throughout this MD&A, we commonly discuss the following key operating metrics: operating margin. We believe these key operating metrics are useful to investors because management uses these metrics to assess the growth of our business and the effectiveness of our marketing and operational strategies. General and administrative expenses increased $253 million, primarily due to higher performance-based compensation, recognizing the strength of the company's overall recovery from pandemic-related business impacts, incremental strategic investments in technology, increased partner wages and benefits, and the impact of the extra week in fiscal 2021. We expect channel development to return to more normalized reported revenue growth levels in fiscal 2022, as the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 is the last quarter lapping these transition-related activities. We anticipate the planned wage investment in the U.S., along with increased supply chain costs primarily related to inflationary pressures that began in the latter half of the fiscal year, will have an impact on operating margin in fiscal 2022. However, these should be meaningfully offset by benefits from pricing decisions and leverage from revenue growth and productivity efficiency. We actively manage our cash and investments in order to internally fund operating needs, make scheduled interest and principal payments on our borrowings, make acquisitions, and return cash to shareholders through common stock cash dividend payments and share repurchases. Our investment portfolio primarily includes highly liquid available-for-sale securities, including corporate debt securities, government treasury securities, and commercial paper. We believe that net future cash flows generated from operations and existing cash and investments both domestically and internationally combined with our ability to leverage our balance sheet through the issuance of debt will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses as well as shareholder distributions for the foreseeable future. Significant new joint ventures, acquisitions, and/or other new business opportunities may require additional outside funding. We have borrowed funds and continue to believe we have the ability to do so at reasonable interest rates; however, additional borrowings would result in increased interest expense in the future. We expect to use our available cash and investments to support and invest in our core businesses, including investing in new ways to serve our customers and supporting our store partners, repaying maturing debts, as well as returning cash to shareholders through common stock cash dividend payments and discretionary share repurchases and investing in new business opportunities related to our core and developing businesses. We may also seek strategic acquisitions to leverage existing capabilities and further build our business in support of our growth at scale agenda. Our fiscal 2021 annual goodwill impairment testing resulted in an estimated fair value of our reporting units where a quantitative assessment was performed, was in excess of carrying value. We do not anticipate recording significant impairment charges in the next 12 months. The combination of these changes resulted in an overall increase in operating margin of 1,020 basis points in fiscal 2021 when compared to fiscal 2020. We expect these shortages and delays may continue into fiscal 2022, but we view them to be temporary and do not believe they will have a material impact on our long-term growth and profitability. We have three reportable operating segments: North America, International, and Channel Development. Our financial results and long-term growth model will continue to be driven by new store openings, comparable store sales, and margin management.