We are a leading provider of transparent and independent ratings, benchmarks, analytics, and data to the capital and commodity markets worldwide. Our strategy seeks to deliver an exceptional, differentiated customer experience by enhancing our foundational capabilities, evolving and growing our core businesses, and pursuing growth via adjacencies. We are continuing to closely monitor the impact of the outbreak of COVID-19 on all aspects of our business as the pandemic and associated macroeconomic impacts continue to evolve. Our purpose is to provide the intelligence that is essential for companies, governments, and individuals to make decisions with conviction. We are focused on developing key product offerings in ESG and launched new social and sustainability products. We seek to accelerate sustainable growth and market position with a specific focus on energy transition, climate, and improving market share in ESG data/scores and ESG indices. We are responding to evolving customer needs and driving innovation leveraging our data, technology, and deep industry expertise by developing a digital ecosystem strategy with collaboration across customers, vendors, and technology partners. We are enhancing the tools and processes our people use to better service our customers, expand intelligence and analytics capabilities, support data-driven decisions, and improve end-user productivity. We are advancing our technical capabilities, data transformation, and building the next generation of products and services using the combined entity's data, technology, and expertise. Our operations consist of four reportable segments: S&P Global Ratings, S&P Global Market Intelligence, S&P Global Platts, and S&P Dow Jones Indices. Market Intelligence's portfolio of capabilities is designed to help investment professionals, government agencies, corporations, and universities track performance, generate alpha, identify investment ideas, understand competitive and industry dynamics, perform valuations, and assess credit risk. We are committed to risk management, control, and compliance while strengthening engagement and partnership across the company. Our technology investments focus on the expansion and improvements in cloud infrastructure, as well as enhancements to the delivery and value add of the ratings content to customers. Our strategy includes funding key growth areas and demonstrating active leadership in ESG disclosure through advocacy, best-in-class disclosure, and meaningful progress against our stated environmental sustainability targets. We are also enhancing our technology capabilities to support data-driven decisions and improve operational efficiency. Our technology-related impairment charges and investments in technology projects reflect our commitment to maintaining a competitive advantage in the marketplace. We believe that the amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows expected from operations, and availability under our credit facility will be adequate for us to execute our business strategy and meet anticipated requirements for lease obligations, capital expenditures, working capital, and debt service. We have various contractual obligations, which include commitments for information-technology outsourcing and certain enterprise-wide information-technology software licensing and maintenance. Our focus on technology management and digital transformation is essential for achieving our organizational goals and enhancing our operational capabilities.