The company mobilized in early 2020 to support the COVID-19 pandemic response with products and services that help analyze, diagnose, and protect from the virus. The life sciences solutions and specialty diagnostics segments, as well as the laboratory products business, continued to support COVID-19 diagnostic testing, scaling and evolving their molecular diagnostics solutions and plastic consumables businesses to respond to the ongoing pandemic. The biosciences and bioproduction businesses expanded their capacity to meet the needs of pharma and biotech customers as they rapidly expanded their own production volumes to meet global vaccine manufacturing requirements. The company continues to execute its proven growth strategy, which consists of leveraging its scale in high-growth and emerging markets and delivering a unique value proposition to its customers. The company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, and research and development projects to enhance the customer experience. The company expects to make fixed lease payments aggregating to $555 million from 2021 to 2041 for a new state-of-the-art biologics manufacturing facility in Switzerland, which will perform pharma services and has the capacity to serve other customers as well. The addition of clinical research services enhances the offering to biotech and pharma customers by enabling them to accelerate innovation and increase their productivity within the drug development process. The increase in segment revenues at existing businesses in 2021 was driven by a combination of increased demand for testing to diagnose COVID-19, with higher sales of biosciences products and strong demand in each of the segment's businesses. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations, together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement, will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future. The company deploys its capital primarily via mergers and acquisitions and secondarily via share buybacks and dividends, indicating a strategic resource allocation to enhance its operational capabilities. The company uses non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate operational performance and to forecast and compare revenues, which aids in strategic decision-making. The company's ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities has become a key factor in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, and management skills to further organizational goals. The company is committed to enhancing its IT infrastructure and capabilities to support business needs and improve operational efficiency, thereby driving performance gains and competitive advantage.