The merger has altered the size and scope of our operations, impacting our assets, liabilities, obligations, capital requirements, and performance measures. We expect the trends and results of operations of the combined company to be materially different than those of the standalone entities. As a combined company, we have been able to enhance the breadth and depth of our nationwide 5G network, accelerate innovation, increase competition in the U.S. wireless and broadband industries, and achieve significant synergies and cost reductions by eliminating redundancies within the combined network as well as other business processes and operations. Integration costs to achieve efficiencies in network, retail, information technology, and back office operations are part of the merger-related costs. We expect to incur a total of $12.0 billion of merger-related costs, excluding capital expenditures, of which $6.5 billion has been incurred since the beginning of 2018. We expect to incur total merger-related costs, excluding capital expenditures, of $5.5 billion to complete our remaining integration and restructuring activities. We have entered into long-term partnerships with industry-leading cybersecurity experts as part of our efforts to ensure that the company has cybersecurity practices that are among the best in our industry. We have also created a cyber transformation office responsible for managing our efforts. We intend to commit substantial additional resources towards cybersecurity initiatives over the next several years. Our investigation into a criminal cyberattack highlighted the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. We have undertaken measures to enhance security across our platforms throughout this process. Our focus has been on providing crucial connectivity to our customers and impacted communities while ensuring the safety and well-being of our employees. The pandemic has resulted in significant volatility in the U.S. and international debt and equity markets, impacting our business and the demand for our products and services. We regularly review and update our projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, and the competitive landscape. Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses, the construction, expansion, and upgrading of our network infrastructure, and the integration of the networks, spectrum, technology, personnel, customer base, and business practices of T-Mobile and Sprint. We expect the majority of our remaining capital expenditures related to these efforts to occur in 2022. We have incurred and will incur substantial expenses to comply with government commitments and are expected to incur substantial restructuring expenses in connection with integrating and coordinating T-Mobile's and Sprint's businesses, operations, policies, and procedures. The valuation approaches utilized to estimate fair value for the purposes of impairment tests of goodwill and spectrum licenses require the use of assumptions and estimates, which involve a degree of uncertainty. We believe short-term fluctuations in share price may not necessarily reflect the underlying aggregate fair value.