We are focused on improving revenue quality, reducing our cost to serve, growing operating profit, and allocating capital in a disciplined fashion. Our innovation-driven strategic approach utilizes technology and automation to deliver sustainable improvements to our network and enhance the customer experience. The customer first component of our strategy focuses on enhancing the capabilities that we believe our customers value the most: speed and ease of access to our services. We experienced a year-over-year increase in commercial volume as business returned to pre-pandemic levels, while business-to-consumer volume declined, partly due to the surge in e-commerce at the onset of the pandemic. Operating margin increased with demand for our services particularly strong in forwarding and healthcare logistics, including COVID-19 relief efforts. We continue to monitor the impacts of external conditions on our business; however, we anticipate that demand for our services will remain strong. We completed the acquisition of Roadie, a technology platform focused on same-day delivery services, for $586 million. The acquisition did not have a material impact on our results of operations for the year. We expect overall volume growth levels in 2022 will remain consistent with 2021. Revenue and revenue per piece increased through execution of our revenue quality initiatives, with favorable shifts in customer and product mix and base rate increases. We are focused on continuing to grow revenue per piece through execution of our strategy. Additionally, we anticipate that overall costs and cost per piece may continue to increase during 2022 as a result of contractual cost increases and market factors, including inflation and the availability and cost of labor. We expect this expense growth to moderate in 2022 due to additional operational improvements. The impact of divesting UPS Freight was more than offset by revenue growth from the remaining businesses, primarily forwarding and logistics. Forwarding growth was driven by higher volumes in our air and ocean freight businesses and market rate and base pricing increases. Within logistics, we experienced strong growth in our healthcare operations. We have commitments for the purchase of aircraft, vehicles, equipment, and real estate to provide for the replacement of existing capacity and anticipated future growth. Our current investment program anticipates investments in technology initiatives and enhanced network capabilities, including over $1 billion of projects to support our environmental sustainability goals. We currently expect that our capital expenditures will be approximately $5.5 billion in 2022, of which approximately 60 percent will be allocated to expansion projects. We recognize changes in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains and losses in excess of a corridor in pension expense upon remeasurement of a plan. We believe our estimated reserves for claims are adequate; however, actual experience in claim frequency and/or severity of a claim could materially differ from our estimates and affect our results of operations. We have been informed by the participating financial institutions that as of December 31, 2021, suppliers sold them $545 million of our outstanding payment obligations. The amounts settled through the supply chain finance program were approximately $1.7 billion for the years ended December 31, 2021. We believe that these positions, expected cash from operations, access to commercial paper programs and capital markets, and other available liquidity options will be adequate to fund our material short- and long-term cash requirements, including our business operations, planned capital expenditures, and pension contributions.