Visa is a global payments technology company that enables innovative, reliable, and secure electronic payments across more than 200 countries and territories. We facilitate global commerce and money movement across a global network of consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners, and government entities through innovative technologies. Our advanced transaction processing network, Visanet, enables authorization, clearing, and settlement of payment transactions and allows us to offer products and solutions that facilitate secure, reliable, and efficient money movement for all participants in the ecosystem. We expect to continue investing in technology assets and payments system infrastructure to support our digital solutions and core business initiatives. Our capital expenditures decreased slightly during fiscal 2021, reflecting our ongoing commitment to enhancing our technology capabilities. We regularly evaluate cash requirements for current operations, commitments, development activities, and capital expenditures, and we may elect to raise additional funds for these purposes through the issuance of either debt or equity. Our treasury policies provide management with the guidelines and authority to manage liquidity risk in a manner consistent with our corporate objectives, ensuring timely completion of payments settlement activities and making planned capital investments in our business. The ongoing effects of COVID-19 remain difficult to predict due to numerous uncertainties, including the impact on our employees and our operations, the business of our clients, suppliers, and business partners. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact on our business. Our net revenues are primarily generated from payments volume on Visa products for purchased goods and services, as well as the number of transactions processed on our network. Payments volume represents the aggregate dollar amount of purchases made with cards and other form factors carrying the Visa brand. Our net revenues increased in fiscal 2021 primarily due to the year-over-year growth in payments volume, processed transactions, and cross-border volume, helped by fewer COVID-19 restrictions. We consider non-GAAP financial measures useful to investors because they provide greater transparency into management's view and assessment of our ongoing operating performance. We have entered into long-term incentive agreements with financial institution clients, merchants, and other business partners for various programs that provide cash and other incentives designed to increase revenue by growing payments volume, increasing Visa product acceptance, and driving innovation. Our investment portfolio is designed to invest cash in securities that enable us to meet our working capital and liquidity needs. We have policies that limit the amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution or type of investment. Our credit ratings are published by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations in the U.S. and have not changed from the prior-year comparable period. We maintain a commercial paper program to support our working capital requirements and for other general corporate purposes. We expect to continue paying quarterly dividends in cash, subject to approval by the board of directors. As of September 30, 2021, our cash and cash equivalents balance were $16.5 billion, and our available-for-sale debt securities were $3.2 billion. The resolution of various legal proceedings may impact our liquidity needs, and we will continue to review our portfolio in light of evolving market and economic conditions.