We invest in scientific innovation to create transformative medicines for people with serious diseases with a focus on specialty markets. Our strategy involves continuing to develop and obtain approval and reimbursement for treatment regimens that will provide benefits to all people with cystic fibrosis (CF) and increasing the number of people with CF eligible and able to receive our medicines, including through label expansions and the development of new medicines. We are actively pursuing a pipeline of product candidates for the treatment of serious diseases outside of CF, combining transformative advances in the understanding of human disease biology and the science of therapeutics to discover and develop new medicines. This approach includes advancing multiple compounds from each program into early clinical trials and evaluating patient data to inform discovery and development of additional compounds. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our products and product candidates and expenses related to certain technologies that we acquire or license through business development transactions. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our product development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. We rely on a global network of third parties and our internal capabilities to manufacture and distribute our products for commercial sale and post-approval clinical trials and to manufacture and distribute our product candidates for clinical trials. The processes for cell and genetic therapies can be more complex than those required for small molecule drugs and require different systems, equipment, facilities, and expertise. Our business also requires ensuring appropriate manufacturing and reimbursement of our products. We dedicate substantial management and other resources to obtain and maintain appropriate levels of reimbursement for our products from third-party payors, including governmental organizations, in the U.S. and ex-U.S. markets. We have worked successfully with third-party payors to promptly obtain appropriate levels of reimbursement for our CF medicines and plan to continue engaging in discussions with numerous commercial insurers and managed health care organizations. Our investments in product candidates are subject to considerable risks, and we expect our development expenses to continue to increase as a result of our diversifying pipeline. We seek to acquire products, product candidates, and other technologies that are aligned with our corporate and research and development strategies and complement and advance our ongoing research and development efforts. We enter into arrangements with third parties for the development, manufacture, and commercialization of products and technologies that have the potential to complement our ongoing research and development efforts. Our research and development expenses included $1.1 billion in 2021, primarily related to upfront, milestone, and other payments pursuant to our collaboration agreements and other business development agreements. Our strategic investments are maintained and managed separately from our other cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. We expect to continue to identify and evaluate collaboration and licensing opportunities that may be similar to or different from the collaborations and licenses that we have engaged in previously. Our ability to execute on our strategy relies on the effective mobilization and deployment of IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to support our business needs and enhance our operational efficiency.