In addressing pressures from cyclical market conditions, we must minimize disruption caused by production changes and achieve productivity improvements, including working with our suppliers to reduce costs, optimize inventory, and adjust production rates to maintain our profitability and business continuity under challenging conditions. Our commercial airplanes business depends on maintaining a healthy production system, aligning internal resources and capabilities through extensive coordination and integration with U.S. and non-U.S. suppliers, rigorous performance and reliability standards, and strategic investments in new aircraft programs such as the 787-10 and 777x to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite external disturbances. Our defense, space & security operations integrate resources to deliver capability-driven solutions while adjusting to shifting U.S. government acquisition priorities, budget uncertainties and sequestration pressures, emphasizing cost cutting, efficiency initiatives and performance against affordability targets to sustain organizational health. Through global services, we deliver innovative, comprehensive and cost-competitive product and service solutions that leverage our cross-segment synergies, offsetting market volatility and supporting customer needs amid fluctuating demand. Our Boeing Capital segment maintains substantial borrowing capacity, backup liquidity through commercial paper and revolving credit facilities, and pursues alternative third-party financing to adapt to changes in the Export-Import Bank’s board quorum and ensure operational flexibility and resource generation. We manage risks across our supply chain and government contracts by estimating and reassessing contract revenues and costs, recognizing cumulative catch-up adjustments and reach-forward losses when projected costs exceed revenues to mitigate financial exposure, and sustaining robust liquidity and capital resources to fund strategic commitments. To safeguard against business disruptions from cyber-attacks, natural disasters, pandemics, labor stoppages, environmental contingencies, regulatory changes and litigation, we deploy technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms and contingency planning to support rapid recovery and system integrity. Our strategic focus on improving efficiency, quality, organizational capabilities, inter-organizational collaboration networks, and adaptation strategies enables us to maintain performance, learn from operational variabilities, reconfigure resources and evolve ahead of future environmental perturbations and extreme conditions.