The company’s 10-K repeatedly acknowledges that maintaining service continuity and preserving organizational functioning under a range of internal and external disturbances requires continuous adaptation, resource allocation and risk‐mitigation efforts. For example, it warns that “system failures and business disruptions may allow unauthorized use of or interference with our network and other systems which could be materially adversely affect our reputation and financial condition” and that “failure of our or others’ systems, networks, or infrastructure may prevent us from providing reliable service,” noting that “human error … severe weather, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, political instability and volatility, and acts of war” are specific hazards that could force loss of customers, revenue and reputation. To combat these threats, it states that “our procedures and safeguards to prevent unauthorized access to sensitive data and to defend against attacks seeking to disrupt our services must be continually evaluated and revised to address the ever‐evolving threat landscape,” and it describes post‐disaster responses to hurricanes in Texas, Florida and Puerto Rico, where it “experienced losses” but “has recognized insurance recoveries” and “continues to assess the damage … and work with our insurance carriers to submit claims for property damage and business interruption.” The firm also recognizes that “if we are unable to take advantage of technological developments on a timely basis, we may experience a decline in demand for our services or face challenges in implementing or evolving our business strategy,” and thus it must “adapt to future changes in technology, continually invest in our network, enhance our existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to address our current and potential customers’ changing demands.” It likewise acknowledges that “the scarcity and cost of additional wireless spectrum … may adversely affect our business strategy” and that it is “actively seeking to make additional investment in spectrum” to expand coverage and maintain quality of service. The rollout of a new billing system is described as a “phased deployment approach,” with the warning that “any unanticipated difficulties, disruption, or significant delays could have adverse operational, financial, and reputational effects.” The company further notes its dependence on third parties—“failure of such suppliers to comply with our expectations and standards could have a material adverse effect on our business”—and that “disruptions or failure of such suppliers to adequately perform could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results.” Finally, the discussion of the ongoing “un-carrier strategy” highlights the firm’s strategic initiative to “eliminate customer pain points” and drive “continued branded customer growth and improved customer churn,” reflecting an effort to foresee and benefit from sudden competitive and market changes and thereby preserve or improve functioning under challenging conditions.