item 1a: risk factors our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively.
all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services and entertainment, news and information content to consumers. technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape and influencing consumer behavior, which is discussed in the risk factor immediately below in "changes in consumer behavior driven by newer products and services may adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models."
cable communications competition for the cable services we offer consists primarily of companies that typically offer features, pricing and packaging for services comparable to our cable services, such as:
•   phone companies with fiber-based networks, which overlap a significant portion of our service areas and are continuing to expand their fiber-based networks
•   other providers of traditional cable services in some of our service areas and smatv systems some of our phone company competitors also have their own wireless facilities and may expand their cable service offerings to include bundled wireless offerings, which may have an adverse impact on our competitive position, business and results of operations. in may 2014, at&t, our largest phone company competitor, announced its intention to acquire directv, the nation's largest dbs provider; if completed, this transaction will create an even larger competitor for our cable services.
there continue to be new entrants, some with significant financial resources, that potentially may compete on a larger scale with our cable services. these newer entrants, some of which charge a nominal or no fee for access to their content, include companies that provide subscription video on demand services over the internet or the ability to download video programming. additionally, google has launched high-speed internet and video services in a limited number of areas, and some local municipalities are launching their own fiber-based high-speed internet services. there can be no assurance that these newer entrants will not continue to launch services in more of our services areas.
our cable communications business continues to seek ways to leverage our cable services network, such as by expanding and enhancing our business services to medium-sized businesses and by launching additional services, such as our home security and automation services. there can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our cable communications revenue or to compete successfully in the future.
comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   30
nbcuniversal each of nbcuniversal's businesses also faces substantial and increasing competition from providers of similar types of content, as well as from other forms of entertainment and recreational activities. nbcuniversal must compete to obtain talent, programming and other resources required in operating these businesses. for example:
•   our cable networks, broadcast television networks and owned local broadcast television stations compete for viewers with other similar networks and stations, as well as with other forms of entertainment and content available in the home, such as video games, dvds and the internet
•   our cable networks compete with other cable networks and programming providers for carriage of their programming by multichannel video providers and online digital distributors
•                                                  our filmed entertainment business competes with other major studios and other producers of entertainment content for sources of financing for the production of its films, for the exhibition of its films in theaters, and for shelf space in retail stores for its dvds and for distribution by online digital distributors; it also competes for consumers with other film producers and distributors and all other forms of entertainment inside and outside the home
•   our theme parks business competes with other multi-park entertainment companies and with other recreational and tourism activities all of our businesses' ability to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, investors and governmental authorities. in addition, our ability to compete may be negatively affected if we do not provide our cable services customers with a satisfactory customer experience. there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively against existing or new competitors or that competition will not have an adverse effect on our businesses. for a more detailed description of the competition facing our businesses, see item 1, business and refer to the "competition" discussion within that section.
changes in consumer behavior driven by newer products and services may adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models.
newer products and services, particularly alternative methods for the distribution, sale and viewing of content, have been, and will likely continue to be, developed that further increase the number of competitors that all our businesses face and challenge existing business models. these products and services are also driving changes in consumer behavior as consumers seek more control over when, where and how they consume content and access communications services.
while our cable communications business is attempting to adapt to changing consumer behaviors, for example, by deploying our x1 platform and cloud dvr technology, products and services have emerged that may compete with our video services, including services and devices that offer subscription video on demand services or the ability to download movies, television shows and other video programming, any of which can be viewed on television sets, computers, smartphones and tablets. some of these services charge a nominal or no fee for access to their content, which could adversely affect demand for our video services, including for expanded digital video packages, premium networks, and our dvr and on demand services. additionally, one traditional provider of cable services has begun, and other companies have indicated they also may begin, to offer smaller packages of programming networks directly to customers over the internet at price points lower than our traditional video service package offerings, which could adversely affect demand for our video services or cause us to offer more customized programming packages that may be less profitable.
31      comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k newer services in wireless internet technology, such as 4g wireless broadband services and wi-fi networks, and devices such as wireless data cards, tablets and smartphones, and mobile wireless routers that connect to such devices, may compete with our high-speed internet services. our voice services continue to face increased competition from wireless and internet-based phone services as more consumers choose to replace their traditional wireline phone service with these phone services.
newer products and services are also driving changes in consumer behavior as consumers seek more control over when, where and how they consume content and access communications services. for example, the increased availability of dvrs, video on demand services and cable, broadcast and other video programming on the internet including high-quality original video programming that may be viewed only through subscription video on demand services, as well as increased access to media through wireless devices, have the potential to reduce the viewing of content through traditional linear television distribution outlets. some content providers are also beginning to offer programming directly to consumers over the internet for a nominal fee. reduced viewing of content through traditional distribution outlets could adversely affect demand for our cable communications' video services, the price and amount of advertising that advertisers are willing to purchase from us, the amount multichannel video providers are willing to pay to nbcuniversal for content, and the levels of dvd and theatrical sales. these newer products and services have contributed to an increased number of entertainment choices available to consumers, which have caused and may continue to cause audience ratings pressure for our content and intensify the challenges posed by audience fragmentation.
the success of any of these ongoing and future developments or our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior, including among younger consumers, could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, business and results of operations.
a decline in advertisers' expenditures or changes in advertising markets could negatively impact our businesses.
our cable communications, cable networks and broadcast television businesses compete for the sale of advertising time with other television networks and stations, as well as with all other advertising platforms, such as radio, print and, increasingly, online media. we derive substantial revenue from the sale of advertising, and a decline in expenditures by advertisers, including through traditional linear television distribution models, could negatively impact our results of operations. declines can be caused by the economic prospects of specific advertisers or industries, by increased competition for the leisure time of audiences and audience fragmentation, by the growing use of new technologies, or by the economy in general. in addition, advertisers' willingness to purchase advertising from us may be adversely affected by lower audience ratings, which some of our cable networks have experienced and may continue to experience. advertising sales and rates also are dependent on audience measurement methodologies and could be negatively affected if methodologies do not accurately reflect actual viewership levels. for example, newer methods of viewing content (such as delayed viewing on dvrs or viewing content online) might not be counted in audience measurements or may generate less, if any, revenue than traditional distribution methods, which could have an adverse effect on our advertising revenue. reductions in advertisers' expenditures could adversely affect our revenue and businesses.
our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments.
our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors' use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. for example, some companies and municipalities are building advanced fiber-based networks that provide very fast internet access speeds, and wireless internet technologies continue to evolve rapidly to allow for greater speed and reliability. we expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future. if we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   32
to consumers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. moreover, we may incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, such as the deployment of our x1 set-top boxes, wireless gateways and cloud dvr technology, and there can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue or to compete successfully in the future. we also may incur increased costs if changes in the products and services that our competitors offer require that we offer certain of our existing services or enhancements at a lower or no cost to our customers or that we make additional research and development expenditures, which could have an adverse effect on our businesses.
we are subject to regulation by federal, state, local and foreign authorities, which may impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses.
federal, state and local governments extensively regulate the video services industry and may increase the regulation of the internet service and voip service industries. we expect that legislative enactments, court actions and regulatory proceedings will continue to clarify, and in some cases may adversely affect, the rights and obligations of cable operators and other entities under the communications act and other laws. our broadcast television business is also highly regulated by federal laws and regulations. our cable networks, filmed entertainment and theme parks businesses are also subject to various other laws and regulations at the international, federal, state and local levels, including laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, which have become more stringent over time, and the safety of consumer products and theme park operations. in addition, we are subject to the nbcuniversal order and the nbcuniversal consent decree, which have imposed numerous conditions on our businesses relating to the treatment of competitors and other matters. we are also seeking regulatory approvals from federal, state and local authorities relating to our acquisition of cable systems from time warner cable and charter and cannot predict what conditions might be applied to any such approvals or how such conditions might affect our businesses. failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could result in administrative enforcement actions, fines, and civil and criminal liability. for a more extensive discussion of the significant risks associated with the regulation of our businesses, see item 1, business and refer to the "legislation and regulation" discussion within that section.
changes to existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or adoption of new ones, could have an adverse effect on our businesses.
legislators and regulators at all levels of government frequently consider changing, and sometimes do change, existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or prescribe new ones, which may significantly affect our businesses. any future legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative actions may increase our costs or impose additional restrictions on our businesses. for example, as more fully discussed in item 1, business – "legislation and regulation," in february 2015, the fcc adopted new open internet regulations that reclassify broadband internet service as a "telecommunications service," making it subject to common carriage regulations under title ii of the communications act, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. in addition, in february 2015, the fcc adopted an order that preempted certain state laws that had restricted municipalities from operating municipally owned broadband networks. the fcc is also considering the appropriate regulatory framework for voip service, including whether that service should be regulated under title ii. any changes to the regulatory framework applicable to any of our services or businesses could have a negative impact on our businesses and results of operations.
33      comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k programming expenses for our video services are increasing, which could adversely affect our cable communications segment's businesses.
we expect programming expenses for our video services to continue to be our cable communications segment's largest single expense item and to increase in the foreseeable future. the multichannel video provider industry has experienced continued increases in the cost of programming, especially sports programming, which we expect will continue for the foreseeable future. our programming expenses may also increase as we add programming to our video services or distribute existing programming to more of our customers or through additional delivery platforms, such as on demand or mobile apps. additionally, in the past few years, we have begun paying certain local broadcast television stations in exchange for their required consent for the retransmission of broadcast network programming to our video services customers; we expect to continue to be subject to increasing demands for payment and other concessions from local broadcast television stations. these market factors may be exacerbated by the increasing trend of consolidation in the media industry, which may further increase our programming expenses. if we are unable to raise our customers' rates or offset programming cost increases through the sale of additional services, the increasing cost of programming could have an adverse impact on our cable communications segment's results of operations. moreover, as our contracts with content providers expire, there can be no assurance that they will be renewed on acceptable terms or that they will be renewed at all, in which case we may be unable to provide such content as part of our video services, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected.
nbcuniversal's success depends on consumer acceptance of its content and its businesses may be adversely affected if its content fails to achieve sufficient consumer acceptance or the costs to create or acquire content increase.
most of nbcuniversal's businesses create and acquire media and entertainment content, the success of which depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. the success of these businesses depends on our ability to consistently create, acquire, market and distribute cable network and broadcast television programming, filmed entertainment, theme park attractions and other content that meet the changing preferences of the broad domestic and international consumer market. we have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial amounts in our content, including in the production of original content on our cable networks and broadcast television networks, in our films and for theme park attractions, before learning the extent to which it would earn consumer acceptance.
we also obtain a significant portion of our content from third parties, such as movie studios, television production companies, sports organizations and other suppliers. competition for popular content, particularly for sports programming, is intense, and we may have to increase the price we are willing to pay or be outbid by our competitors for popular content. entering into or renewing contracts for such programming rights or acquiring additional rights may result in significantly increased costs. moreover, particularly with respect to long-term contracts for sports programming rights, our results of operations and cash flows over the term of a contract depend on a number of factors, including the strength of the advertising market, our audience size, and the ability to secure distribution from and impose surcharges or obtain carriage on, multichannel video providers for the content and the timing and amount of our rights payments. there can be no assurance that revenue from these contracts will exceed our cost for the rights, as well as the other costs of producing and distributing the programming. if our content does not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, or if we cannot obtain or retain rights to popular content on acceptable terms, or at all, our businesses may be adversely affected.
the loss of nbcuniversal's programming distribution agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could adversely affect its businesses.
our cable networks depend on their ability to secure and maintain distribution agreements with multichannel video providers. our broadcast television networks depend on their ability to secure and maintain network comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   34
affiliation agreements with third-party local broadcast television stations in the markets where we do not own the affiliated local broadcast television station. in addition, every three years, each of our owned local broadcast television stations must elect, with respect to its retransmission by multichannel video providers within its dma, either "must-carry" status, in which the distributor's carriage of the station is mandatory and does not generate any compensation for the local station, or "retransmission consent," in which the station gives up its right to mandatory carriage and instead seeks to negotiate the terms and conditions of carriage with the distributor, including the amount of compensation, if any, paid to the station by such distributor. in the course of renewing distribution agreements with multichannel video providers, we may enter into retransmission consent agreements on behalf of our owned local broadcast television stations. all of our nbc and telemundo owned local broadcast television stations have elected retransmission consent through december 31, 2017. our ability to continue to receive compensation from distributors as part of our retransmission consent negotiations may be adversely impacted by online entities that stream our broadcast television content online without our consent and without paying any compensation to us. increasingly, our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses also have entered into agreements to license their prior season and library content on other distribution platforms, including subscription video on demand services. there can be no assurance that any of these agreements will be renewed in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. the loss of any of these agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could reduce the reach of our television programming and its attractiveness to advertisers, which in turn could adversely affect our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses.
we rely on network and information systems and other technologies, as well as key properties, and a disruption, cyber attack, failure or destruction of such networks, systems, technologies or properties may disrupt our businesses.
network and information systems and other technologies, including those related to our network management, customer service operations and programming delivery, are critical to our business activities. network and information systems-related events, including those caused by us or by third parties, such as computer hackings, cyber attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing, or power outages, natural disasters, terrorist attacks or other similar events, could result in a degradation or disruption of our services, excessive call volume to call centers or damage to our properties, equipment and data. these events also could result in large expenditures to repair or replace the damaged properties, networks or information systems or to protect them from similar events in the future.
in addition, we may obtain certain confidential, proprietary and personal information about our customers, personnel and vendors, and may provide this information to third parties, in connection with our business. while we obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information, there is a risk that this information may be compromised. any security breaches, such as misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information maintained in our information technology systems, including customer, personnel and vendor data, could damage our reputation and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach, and could cause regulators to impose fines or other remedies for failure to comply with relevant customer privacy rules.
the risk of these systems-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify in many lines of business, and our lines of business may be at a disproportionately heightened risk of these events occurring, due to the nature of our businesses and the fact that we maintain certain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form stored on cloud servers. in the ordinary course of our business, there are frequent attempts to cause such systems-related events and security breaches, and we have experienced a few minor systems-related events that, to date, have not resulted in any significant degradation or disruption to our network or information systems or our services or operations. while we develop and maintain systems seeking to prevent systems-related events and security breaches from occurring, the development and main-
35      comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k tenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. despite any efforts to prevent these events and security breaches, there can be no assurance that they will not occur in the future or will not have an adverse effect on our businesses. moreover, the amount and scope of insurance we maintain against losses resulting from any such events or security breaches may not be sufficient to cover our losses or otherwise adequately compensate us for any disruptions to our business that may result, and the occurrence of any such events or security breaches could have an adverse effect on our business.
we may be unable to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support.
we depend on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide certain of our services. some of these vendors represent our primary source of supply or grant us the right to incorporate their intellectual property into some of our hardware and software products. while we actively monitor the operations and financial condition of key vendors in an attempt to detect any potential difficulties, there can be no assurance that we would timely identify any operating or financial difficulties associated with these vendors or that we could effectively mitigate our risks with respect to any such difficulties. if any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties, if our demand exceeds their capacity or if they are otherwise unable to meet our specifications or provide the equipment or services we need in a timely manner or at reasonable prices, our ability to provide some services may be adversely affected.
weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our businesses.
a substantial portion of our revenue comes from customers whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. weak economic conditions could adversely affect demand for any of our products and services and have a negative impact on our results of operations. for example, customers may reduce the level of cable services to which they subscribe, or may discontinue subscribing to one or more of our cable services. this risk may be increased by the expanded availability of free or lower cost competitive services, such as subscription video on demand services, or substitute services for our high-speed internet and phone services, such as mobile phones, smartphones and wi-fi networks. weak economic conditions also may have a negative impact on our advertising revenue, the performance of our films and home entertainment releases, and attendance and spending in our theme parks business. weak economic conditions and turmoil in the global financial markets may also impair the ability of third parties to satisfy their obligations to us, and any disruption in the global financial markets may affect our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms.
our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others.
we rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other third parties, to use various technologies, conduct our operations and sell our products and services. legal challenges to our intellectual property rights and claims of intellectual property infringement by third parties could require that we enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question or from the continuation of our businesses as currently conducted. we may need to change our business practices if any of these events occur, which may limit our ability to compete effectively and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. even if we believe any such challenges or claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management's attention and resources away from our businesses. moreover, if we are unable to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from our vendors and other third parties on reasonable terms, our businesses could be adversely affected.
in addition, intellectual property constitutes a significant part of the value of nbcuniversal's businesses, and its success is highly dependent on protecting intellectual property rights in the content it creates or acquires against third-party misappropriation, reproduction or infringement. the unauthorized reproduction, dis-
comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   36
tribution or display of copyrighted material negatively affects our ability to generate revenue from the legitimate sale of our content, as well as from the sale of advertising in connection with our content, and increases our costs due to our active enforcement of our intellectual property rights. for example, nbcuniversal has brought a suit against a multichannel video provider to challenge the commercial-skipping functionality in its dvr. additionally, legislation has been proposed in the u.s. congress that seems intended to legitimize the unauthorized online streaming of local broadcast content. we cannot predict whether such legislation will be enacted or how any such legislation would ultimately affect our businesses.
piracy and other unauthorized uses of content are made easier, and the enforcement of intellectual property rights more challenging, by technological advances allowing the conversion of programming, films and other content into digital formats, which facilitates the creation, transmission and sharing of high-quality unauthorized copies. in particular, piracy of programming and films through unauthorized distribution on dvds, peer-to-peer computer networks and other platforms continues to present challenges for our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses. while piracy is a challenge in the united states, it is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack developed copyright laws, effective enforcement of copyright laws and technical protective measures like those in effect in the united states. if any u.s. or international laws intended to combat piracy and protect intellectual property rights are repealed or weakened or are not adequately enforced, or if the legal system fails to adapt to new technologies that facilitate piracy, we may be unable to effectively protect our rights, and the value of our intellectual property may be negatively impacted and our costs of enforcing our rights may increase. see item 1, business and refer to the "legislation and regulation — other areas of regulation — intellectual property" discussion for additional information.
acquisitions and other strategic transactions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of any transaction.
from time to time we make acquisitions and investments and enter into other strategic transactions, including our planned transactions with time warner cable and charter. in connection with such acquisitions and strategic transactions, we may incur unanticipated expenses, fail to realize anticipated benefits, have difficulty incorporating the acquired businesses, disrupt relationships with current and new employees, customers and vendors, incur significant debt, or have to delay or not proceed with announced transactions such as the time warner cable or charter transactions. additionally, regulatory agencies, such as the fcc or doj, may impose additional restrictions on the operation of our business as a result of our seeking regulatory approvals for any significant acquisitions and strategic transactions. the occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our businesses.
labor disputes, whether involving employees or sports organizations, may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our businesses.
many of nbcuniversal's employees, including writers, directors, actors, technical and production personnel and others, as well as some of our on-air and creative talent and cable communications' employees, are covered by collective bargaining agreements or works councils. most of nbcuniversal's collective bargaining agreements are industry-wide agreements, and we may lack practical control over the negotiations and terms of the agreements. if we are unable to reach agreement with a labor union before the expiration of a collective bargaining agreement, our employees who were covered by that agreement may have a right to strike or take other actions that could adversely affect us, which could disrupt our operations and reduce our revenue, and the resolution of any disputes may increase our costs. there can be no assurance that we will renew our collective bargaining agreements as they expire or that we can renew them on favorable terms or without any work stoppages.
37      comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k in addition, our cable networks and broadcast television networks have programming rights agreements of varying scope and duration with various sports organizations to broadcast and produce sporting events, including certain nfl, nhl, nba and mlb games. labor disputes in these and other sports organizations could have an adverse effect on our businesses.
the loss of key management personnel or popular on-air and creative talent could have an adverse effect on our businesses.
we rely on certain key management personnel in the operation of our businesses. while we maintain long-term and emergency transition plans for key management personnel and believe we could either identify internal candidates or attract outside candidates to fill any vacancy created by the loss of any key management personnel, the loss of one or more of our key management personnel could have a negative impact on our businesses. in addition, our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses depend on the abilities and expertise of our on-air and creative talent. if we fail to retain our on-air or creative talent, if the costs to retain such talent increase materially, if we need to make significant termination payments, or if these individuals lose their current appeal, our businesses could be adversely affected.
we face risks relating to doing business internationally that could adversely affect our businesses.
we, primarily through nbcuniversal, operate our businesses worldwide. there are risks inherent in doing business internationally, including global financial market turmoil, economic volatility and the global economic slowdown, currency exchange rate fluctuations and inflationary pressures, the requirements of local laws and customs relating to the publication and distribution of content and the display and sale of advertising, import or export restrictions and changes in trade regulations, difficulties in developing, staffing and managing foreign operations, issues related to occupational safety and adherence to diverse local labor laws and regulations, and potentially adverse tax developments. in addition, doing business internationally is subject to risks relating to political or social unrest, corruption and government regulation, including u.s. laws such as the foreign corrupt practices act that impose stringent requirements on how we conduct our foreign operations. if any of these events occur, our businesses may be adversely affected.
our class b common stock has substantial voting rights and separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, and our chairman and ceo has considerable influence over our company through his beneficial ownership of our class b common stock.
our class b common stock has a nondilutable 33 1/3% of the combined voting power of our class a and class b common stock. this nondilutable voting power is subject to proportional decrease to the extent the number of shares of class b common stock is reduced below 9,444,375, which was the number of shares of class b common stock outstanding on the date of our 2002 acquisition of at&t corp.'s cable business, subject to adjustment in specified situations. stock dividends payable on the class b common stock in the form of class b or class a special common stock do not decrease the nondilutable voting power of the class b common stock. the class b common stock also has separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, even if they are approved by our board of directors or by our other shareholders and even if they might be in the best interests of our other shareholders. these potentially material transactions include mergers or consolidations involving comcast corporation, transactions (such as a sale of all or substantially all of our assets) or issuances of securities that require shareholder approval, transactions that result in any person or group owning shares representing more than 10% of the combined voting power of the resulting or surviving corporation, issuances of class b common stock or securities exercisable or convertible into class b common stock, and amendments to our articles of incorporation or by-laws that would limit the rights of holders of our class b common stock. brian l. roberts, our chairman and ceo, beneficially owns all of the outstanding shares of our class b common stock and, accordingly, has considerable influence over our company and the potential ability to transfer effective control by selling the class b common stock, which could be at a premium.
comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   38
item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction and overview we are a global media and technology company with two primary businesses, comcast cable and nbcuniversal. we present our operations for comcast cable in one reportable business segment, referred to as cable communications, and our operations for nbcuniversal in four reportable business segments. on february 12, 2014, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the "merger agreement") with time warner cable inc. ("time warner cable") whereby time warner cable will become our wholly owned subsidiary (the "time warner cable merger"). on april 25, 2014, in connection with the merger agreement, we entered into an agreement with charter communications, inc. ("charter") that, among other things, would result in a net disposition of approximately 3.7 million video subscribers. additional information about these transactions is presented below.
cable communications segment comcast cable is the nation's largest provider of video, high-speed internet and voice services ("cable services") to residential customers under the xfinity brand, and we also provide similar and other services to small and medium-sized businesses. as of december 31, 2014, our cable systems served 22.4 million video customers, 22.0 million high-speed internet customers and 11.2 million voice customers, with 27.0 million total customer relationships, and passed more than 54 million homes and businesses. our cable communications segment generates revenue primarily from subscriptions to our cable services, which we market individually and in bundled service packages, and from the sale of advertising. in 2014, our cable communications segment generated 64% of our consolidated revenue and 79% of our operating income before depreciation and amortization.
our cable communications segment offers a broad variety of video services with access to hundreds of channels, including premium networks, such as hbo, showtime, starz and cinemax, pay-per-view channels, on demand, our video on demand service that allows customers to watch certain programs when they choose and provides the option to purchase or rent select movies and television shows electronically, and an interactive, on-screen program guide. our video customers may also subscribe to a higher level of video service, including our high-definition video ("hd") and digital video recorder ("dvr") advanced services. our video customers have the ability to use our xfinity online portal or our mobile apps to view certain live television programming and on demand content, browse program listings, and schedule, manage and watch dvr recordings.
comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   46
we offer a variety of high-speed internet services with downstream speeds of up to 105 mbps, and we also have introduced downstream speeds of up to 505 mbps in limited markets. these services also include our xfinity online portal and mobile apps, which provide access to email, contacts and calendars, as well as online security features. in addition, we are actively deploying wireless gateways, which combine a customer's wireless router, cable modem and voice adapter, to improve the performance of multiple internet-enabled devices used at the same time within the home, provide faster internet speeds and create an in-home wi-fi network. we are continuing to expand our network of outdoor, business and in-home wi-fi hotspots for most of our high-speed internet customers to access our high-speed internet services inside and outside the home, and there are currently 8.3 million hotspots accessible to most of our customers.
we offer our cable services to small (up to 20 employees) and medium-sized (up to 500 employees) businesses ("business services"). in addition to the features we provide to our residential customers, our services for business customers include an interactive tool that allows customers to share, coordinate and store documents online, hosted voice services that use cloud network servers, a business directory listing, and the added capacity for multiple phone lines. we also offer to our medium-sized business customers advanced voice services and ethernet network services that connect multiple locations and provide higher downstream speed options, and we provide cellular backhaul services to mobile network operators to help those customers manage network bandwidth.
customers are typically billed in advance on a monthly basis based on the services and features they receive and the type of equipment they use. residential cable services customers may generally discontinue service at any time, while business customers may only discontinue service in accordance with the terms of their contracts, which typically have 2 to 5 year terms.
our cable communications segment also sells advertising through our spotlight business. as part of our distribution agreements with cable networks, we generally receive an allocation of scheduled advertising time on cable networks that we sell to local, regional and national advertisers.
the most significant operating cost for our cable communications segment is the programming expenses we incur to provide content to our video customers. we anticipate that our programming expenses will continue to increase. we have and will continue to attempt to maintain a consistent operating margin in our cable communications segment through rate adjustments, the sale of additional cable services, including advanced services, and the continued growth of business services, as well as by achieving operating efficiencies.
nbcuniversal segments nbcuniversal is one of the world's leading media and entertainment companies that develops, produces and distributes entertainment, news and information, sports, and other content for global audiences. the cable networks, broadcast television, filmed entertainment and theme parks segments comprise the nbcuniversal businesses (collectively, the "nbcuniversal segments").
cable networks our cable networks segment consists primarily of a diversified portfolio of cable television networks. our cable networks are comprised of our national cable entertainment networks (usa network, syfy, e!, bravo, oxygen, esquire network, sprout, chiller, universal hd and cloo), our national cable news and information networks (msnbc, cnbc and cnbc world), our national cable sports networks (golf channel and nbc sports network), our regional sports and news networks, various international cable networks, our cable television production operations, and related digital media properties. our cable networks segment generates revenue primarily from the distribution of our cable network programming to multichannel video providers,
47      comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k from the sale of advertising on our cable networks and related digital media properties, from the licensing of our owned programming through distribution to subscription video on demand services and various other distribution platforms, and from the sale of our owned programming electronically through digital distributors such as itunes.
broadcast television our broadcast television segment consists primarily of the nbc and telemundo broadcast networks, our 10 nbc and 17 telemundo owned local broadcast television stations, the nbc universo (formerly mun2) national cable network, our broadcast television production operations, and related digital media properties. our broadcast television segment generates revenue primarily from the sale of advertising on our broadcast networks, owned local broadcast television stations and related digital media properties, from the licensing of our owned programming through various distribution platforms, including to cable and broadcast networks and to subscription video on demand services, and from fees received under retransmission consent agreements.
filmed entertainment our filmed entertainment segment primarily produces, acquires, markets and distributes filmed entertainment worldwide, and it also develops, produces and licenses live stage plays. our films are produced primarily under the universal pictures, focus features and illumination names. our filmed entertainment segment generates revenue primarily from the worldwide distribution of our produced and acquired films for exhibition in movie theaters, from the licensing of our owned and acquired films through various distribution platforms, and from the sale of our owned and acquired films on standard-definition video discs and blu-ray discs (together, "dvds") and electronically through digital distributors. our filmed entertainment segment also generates revenue from producing and licensing live stage plays, from the distribution of filmed entertainment produced by third parties, and from a movie ticketing and entertainment business.
theme parks our theme parks segment consists primarily of our universal theme parks in orlando, florida and hollywood, california. our theme parks segment generates revenue primarily from theme park attendance and per capita spending. per capita spending includes ticket price and in-park spending on food, beverages and merchandise. our theme parks segment also receives fees from third parties that own and operate universal studios japan and universal studios singapore for intellectual property licenses and other services.
other our other business interests consist primarily of comcast-spectacor, which owns the philadelphia flyers and the wells fargo center arena in philadelphia, pennsylvania and operates arena management-related businesses.
2014 developments the following are the more significant developments in our businesses during 2014:
•   the entry into the merger agreement with time warner cable whereby time warner cable will become our wholly owned subsidiary; see "time warner cable merger" below for additional information
•   the entry into an agreement with charter contemplating three transactions that would result in a net disposition of approximately 3.7 million video customers following the time warner cable merger; see "divestiture transactions" below for additional information comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   48
cable communications segment
•   an increase in cable communications segment revenue of 5.5% to $44.1 billion and an increase in cable communications segment operating income before depreciation and amortization of 5.3% to $18.1 billion
•   an increase in cable communications segment capital expenditures of 13.9% to $6.2 billion primarily due to our continued investment in the following initiatives:
•   the deployment of our ip and cloud-enabled video platform, referred to as our x1 platform and the launch of our cloud dvr technology, which is now available in over 50% of our markets
•   the deployment of wireless gateways in customers' homes
•   the improvement of our network infrastructure to increase network capacity
•   the expansion of our services to small and medium-sized businesses
•   the expansion of our home security and automation services
•   an increase in total nbcuniversal revenue of 7.5% to $25.4 billion, including $1.1 billion of revenue associated with the broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics, and an increase in total nbcuniversal revenue of 2.9%, excluding the impact of the 2014 sochi olympics
•                                               an increase in total nbcuniversal operating income before depreciation and amortization of 18.1% to $5.6 billion, including $130 million of operating income before depreciation and amortization associated with the broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics, and an increase in total nbcuniversal operating income before depreciation and amortization of 15.3%, excluding the impact of the 2014 sochi olympics
•   an agreement with the international olympic committee to extend nbcuniversal's broadcast rights for the olympic games from 2022 through 2032
•   the continued investment in original programming and sports programming rights at both our cable networks and broadcast networks and the continued investment in new attractions at our universal theme parks, including orlando's the wizarding world of harry potter™ — diagon alley™
time warner cable merger on february 12, 2014, we entered into the merger agreement with time warner cable. time warner cable is among the largest providers of video, high-speed internet and voice services in the united states, located mainly in five geographic areas: new york state (including new york city), the carolinas, the midwest (including ohio, kentucky and wisconsin), southern california (including los angeles) and texas. as of december 31, 2014, time warner cable had 11.0 million video customers, 12.3 million high-speed internet customers and 5.6 million voice customers. as a result of the time warner cable merger, time warner cable stockholders will receive, in exchange for each share of time warner cable common stock owned immediately prior to the time warner cable merger, 2.875 shares of our class a common stock. we estimate that at the time of closing, time warner cable stockholders will own approximately 24% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. because the exchange ratio was fixed at the time of the merger agreement and the market value of our class a common stock will continue to fluctuate, the number of shares of class a common stock to be issued and the total value of the consideration exchanged will not be determinable until
49      comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k the closing date. the time warner cable merger was approved by both comcast shareholders and time warner cable stockholders in october 2014. the time warner cable merger remains subject to regulatory approval and other customary conditions and is expected to close in early 2015.
divestiture transactions the terms of the merger agreement contemplated that we would divest systems serving up to approximately 3 million of our video customers following the time warner cable merger in order to obtain applicable regulatory approvals. as a result of this commitment, on april 25, 2014, we entered into an agreement with charter that, if consummated, would satisfy the divestiture undertaking. under this agreement, following the close of the time warner cable merger and subject to various conditions, we agreed to divest cable systems which would result in a net disposition of approximately 3.7 million video customers through three transactions: (1) a spin-off of certain of our existing cable systems serving approximately 2.5 million of our video customers (the "spin-off transaction") into a newly formed public entity ("spinco"), (2) an exchange of certain former time warner cable cable systems serving approximately 1.5 million video customers for charter cable systems serving approximately 1.6 million video customers, and (3) a sale to charter of certain former time warner cable cable systems serving approximately 1.4 million video customers for cash (collectively, the "divestiture transactions").
in connection with and prior to the spin-off transaction, it is expected that spinco would incur new debt. the debt would consist of credit facilities to fund cash distributions to us and notes which spinco would issue to us. these notes would enable us to complete a debt-for-debt exchange where financial institutions would exchange a portion of our debt securities for the new spinco notes, which would effectively retire a portion of our debt. in the spin-off transaction, we would distribute the common stock of spinco pro rata to the holders of all of our outstanding common stock as of the record date, which would occur following the close of the time warner cable merger. after the spin-off transaction, a newly formed, wholly owned indirect subsidiary of charter would merge with and into charter, with the effect that all shares of charter would be converted into shares of a new holding company, which would survive as the publicly traded parent company of charter ("new charter"). new charter would then acquire an interest in spinco by issuing new charter stock in exchange for a portion of the outstanding spinco stock, following which it is expected that comcast shareholders would own approximately 67% of spinco and new charter would own approximately 33% of spinco. in addition, comcast shareholders would own new charter stock as a result of the exchange of outstanding spinco stock with new charter, although the actual number of shares would depend on a number of factors, some of which would not be determinable until the completion of the divestiture transactions. following the close of the divestiture transactions, we would no longer have any ownership interest in spinco.
the close of the divestiture transactions is subject to the completion of the time warner cable merger, the spinco financing transactions, approval by charter's stockholders, regulatory approvals and other customary conditions. the time warner cable merger and the divestiture transactions are subject to separate conditions, and the time warner cable merger can be completed regardless of whether the divestiture transactions are ultimately completed. the closing of the divestiture transactions is expected to occur 30 to 60 days following the close of the time warner cable merger.
competition the results of operations of our reportable business segments are affected by competition, as all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services and entertainment, news and information content to consumers.
competition for our bundled cable services that include video, high-speed internet and/or voices services consists primarily of direct broadcast satellite ("dbs") providers, which have a national footprint and compete comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   50
in all of our service areas, and phone companies with fiber-based networks, which overlap approximately 55% of our service areas and are continuing to expand their fiber-based networks. our high-speed internet services primarily compete with phone companies with fiber-based networks, which overlap approximately 60% of our service areas and also are continuing to expand their fiber-based networks. many of these competitors offer features, pricing and packaging for these services, individually and in bundles, comparable to what we offer. in may 2014, at&t, our largest phone company competitor, announced its intention to acquire directv, the nation's largest dbs provider. if completed, this transaction will create an even larger competitor for our cable services that will have the ability to expand its cable service offerings to include bundled wireless offerings.
there also continue to be new companies, some with significant financial resources, that potentially may compete on a larger scale with some or all of our cable services. for example, companies continue to emerge that provide internet streaming and downloading of video programming, some of which charge a nominal or no fee, and google is providing high-speed internet and video services in a limited number of areas in which we operate and recently announced plans to expand into additional geographical areas. moreover, wireless technology, such as 3g and 4g wireless broadband services and wi-fi networks, may compete with our video and high-speed internet services, and our voice services are facing increased competition as customers replace landline phones with mobile phones and internet-based phone services such as skype.
each of nbcuniversal's businesses also faces substantial and increasing competition from providers of similar types of content, as well as from other forms of entertainment and recreational activities. nbcuniversal also must compete to obtain talent, programming and other resources required in operating these businesses.
technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape for all of our businesses by challenging existing business models and affecting consumer behavior. services and devices that enable online digital distribution of movies, television shows, and other cable and broadcast video programming continue to gain consumer acceptance and evolve, including some services that charge a nominal or no fee for such programming. a number of companies have announced plans to launch online video services that will reportedly involve both linear and on-demand programming, and one traditional provider of cable services has begun to offer smaller packages of programming networks directly to customers over the internet at prices lower than our traditional cable service package offerings. these services and devices may negatively affect demand for our video services, as well as demand for content from our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses, as the number of entertainment choices available to consumers increases and the challenges posed by audience fragmentation intensify and audience ratings are pressured. in addition, delayed viewing and advertising skipping have become more common as the penetration of dvrs and similar products has increased and as content has become increasingly available via video on demand services and internet sources, which may have a negative impact on our advertising revenue.
in our cable communications segment, we believe that adding more content and delivering it through an increasing variety of platforms will assist in attracting and retaining customers for our cable services. to further enhance our video and high-speed internet services, we continue to develop and launch new technology initiatives, such as our x1 platform and cloud dvr technology, and deploy wireless gateway devices. in our nbcuniversal segments, to compete for consumers of our content and for customers at our theme parks, we have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial amounts in acquiring content and producing original content for our cable and broadcast television networks and our owned local broadcast television stations, including the acquisition of sports rights. we will also continue to invest in our film productions and in the development of new theme park attractions.
51      comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k for additional information on the competition facing our businesses, see item 1, business and refer to the "competition" discussion within that section.
seasonality and cyclicality each of our businesses is subject to seasonal and cyclical variations. in our cable communications segment, our results are impacted by the seasonal nature of customers receiving our cable services in college and vacation markets. this generally results in a reduction in net customer additions in the second quarter and an increase in net customer additions in the third and fourth quarters of each year.
revenue in our cable communications, cable networks and broadcast television segments is subject to cyclical advertising patterns and changes in viewership levels. our u.s. advertising revenue is generally higher in the second and fourth quarters of each year, due in part to increases in consumer advertising in the spring and in the period leading up to and including the holiday season. u.s. advertising revenue is also cyclical, with a benefit in even-numbered years due to advertising related to candidates running for political office and issue-oriented advertising. revenue in our cable networks and broadcast television segments fluctuates depending on the timing of when our programming is aired on television, which typically results in higher advertising revenue in the second and fourth quarters of each year. our revenue and operating costs and expenses are cyclical as a result of our periodic broadcasts of major sporting events such as the olympic games, which affects our cable networks and broadcast television segments, and the super bowl, which affects our broadcast television segment. our advertising revenue generally increases in the period of these broadcasts due to increased demand for advertising time, and our operating costs and expenses also increase as a result of our production costs and the amortization of the related rights fees.
revenue in our filmed entertainment segment fluctuates due to the timing of the release of our films in movie theaters, on dvd and electronically through digital distributors. release dates are determined by several factors, including competition and the timing of vacation and holiday periods. as a result, revenue tends to be seasonal, with increases experienced each year during the summer months and around the holidays. revenue in our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment segments also fluctuates due to the timing of when our owned content is made available to licensees.
revenue in our theme parks segment fluctuates with changes in theme park attendance that result from the seasonal nature of vacation travel, local entertainment offerings and seasonal weather variations. our theme parks generally experience peak attendance during the summer months when schools are closed and during early winter and spring holiday periods.
comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   52
consolidated operating results year ended december 31 (in millions)                                                             2014                   2013                   2012                          % change              % change costs and expenses:
advertising, marketing and promotion                                                                        5,078                  4,969                  4,831                   2.2                   2.9
other income (expense) items, net                                                                          (2,439   )             (2,448   )               (570   )              (0.4   )                nm income before income taxes                                                                                 12,465                 11,115                 11,609                  12.2                  (4.3   )
net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred               (212   )               (319   )             (1,662   )             (33.3   )             (80.9   )
percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with nm.
53      comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k consolidated revenue the following graph illustrates the increase in revenue by our cable communications and nbcuniversal segments.
consolidated revenue in 2014 includes $1.1 billion of revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics and consolidated 2012 revenue includes $1.4 billion of revenue associated with our broadcasts of the 2012 super bowl and the 2012 london olympics, all of which are included in the nbcuniversal segments.
revenue for our segments is discussed separately below under the heading "segment operating results." revenue for our other businesses is discussed separately under the heading "corporate and other results of operations."
comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   54
consolidated costs and expenses the following graph illustrates the increase in consolidated costs and expenses, excluding depreciation and amortization ("operating costs and expenses") by our cable communications and nbcuniversal segments.
in 2014, our consolidated operating costs and expenses included transaction-related costs associated with the time warner cable merger and the charter divestiture transactions of $237 million, which is included in corporate and other, and operating costs and expenses associated with our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics, which is included in the nbcuniversal segments. the decrease in operating costs and expenses in our nbcuniversal segments in 2013 was primarily due to operating costs and expenses recorded in 2012 attributable to our broadcasts of the 2012 super bowl and the 2012 london olympics.
operating costs and expenses for our segments is discussed separately below under the heading "segment operating results." operating costs and expenses for our other businesses is discussed separately below under the heading "corporate and other results of operations."
consolidated depreciation and amortization increased slightly in 2014 primarily due to increases in capital spending in our cable communications and nbcuniversal segments, as well as increases related to our acquisitions in 2013 of our corporate headquarters and real estate properties by nbcuniversal. consolidated depreciation and amortization increased slightly in 2013 primarily due to increases in capital spending in our cable communications and theme parks segments, as well as depreciation associated with the acquisition of real estate properties by nbcuniversal in 2013.
segment operating results our segment operating results are presented based on how we assess operating performance and internally report financial information. we use operating income (loss) before depreciation and amortization, excluding impairment charges related to fixed and intangible assets and gains or losses from the sale of assets, if any, as the measure of profit or loss for our operating segments. this measure eliminates the significant level of noncash depreciation and amortization expense that results from the capital-intensive nature of certain of our businesses and from intangible assets recognized in business combinations. additionally, it is unaffected by our capital structure or investment activities. we use this measure to evaluate our consolidated operating performance and the operating performance of our operating segments and to allocate resources and capital to our operating segments. it is also a significant performance measure in our annual incentive compensation programs. we believe that this measure is useful to investors because it is one of the bases for comparing
55      comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k our operating performance with that of other companies in our industries, although our measure may not be directly comparable to similar measures used by other companies. because we use operating income (loss) before depreciation and amortization to measure our segment profit or loss, we reconcile it to operating income, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap"), in the business segment footnote to our consolidated financial statements (see note 18 to comcast's consolidated financial statements and note 17 to nbcuniversal's consolidated financial statements). this measure should not be considered a substitute for operating income (loss), net income (loss) attributable to comcast corporation or nbcuniversal, net cash provided by operating activities, or other measures of performance or liquidity we have reported in accordance with gaap.
beginning in 2014, fandango, our movie ticketing and entertainment business that was previously presented in our cable networks segment, is presented in the filmed entertainment segment to reflect the change in our management reporting presentation. due to immateriality, prior period amounts have not been adjusted.
the revenue and operating costs and expenses associated with our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics were reported in our cable networks and broadcast television segments. the revenue and operating costs and expenses associated with our broadcasts of the 2012 london olympics and the 2012 super bowl were reported in our broadcast television segment.
cable communications segment results of operations comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   56
year ended december 31 (in millions)                    2014               2013               2012                 % change from         % change from high-speed internet                                               11,321             10,334              9,544               9.5                   8.3
business services                                                  3,951              3,241              2,565              21.9                  26.4
operating costs and expenses programming                                                        9,819              9,107              8,386               7.8                   8.6
technical and product support                                      5,517              5,349              5,187               3.1                   3.1
customer service                                                   2,205              2,097              1,995               5.2                   5.1
franchise and other regulatory fees                                1,296              1,246              1,176               4.0                   6.0
advertising, marketing and promotion                               3,075              2,896              2,731               6.2                   6.0
total operating costs and expenses                                26,028             24,631             23,349               5.7                   5.5
operating income before depreciation and amortization            $18,112            $17,205            $16,255               5.3   %               5.8   %
beginning in 2014, our cable communications segment revised the methodology it uses for counting and reporting customers who reside in multiple dwelling units ("mdus") and are billed under bulk contracts (the "billable customers method"). for mdus whose residents have the ability to receive additional cable services, such as additional programming choices or our hd or dvr advanced services, we now count and report customers based on the number of potential billable relationships within each mdu. for mdus whose residents are not able to receive additional cable services, the mdu is now counted as a single customer. previously, we had counted and reported these customers on an equivalent billing unit basis by dividing monthly revenue received under an mdu's bulk contract by the standard monthly residential rate where the mdu was located (the "ebu method"). we believe the billable customers method is consistent with the methodology used by other companies in our industry to count and report customers.
customer metrics total                                         net additional customers customers december 31 (in thousands)                                     2014                  2013                  2012             2014                           2013(a)                 2012(a)
total customer relationships(b)                                          27,035                26,677              26,462              358                     215
single product customers(b)                                               8,409                 8,752               9,346             (343   )                (593   )
double product customers(b)                                               8,750                 8,541               8,507              209                      34
triple product customers(b)                                               9,876                 9,384               8,610              492                     774
video customers:
billable customers method                                                22,383                22,577              22,844             (194   )                (267   )
high-speed internet customers(d)                                         21,962                20,685              19,367            1,277                   1,296                   1,223
voice customers(d)                                                       11,193                10,723               9,955              470                     768                     613
average monthly total revenue per customer relationship                 $136.97               $131.22
customer metrics include residential and business customers and are presented based on actual amounts. minor differences may exist due to rounding.
57      comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k
(a)   net additional video customers for 2012 are not available using the billable customers method and therefore net additional video customers in 2013 and 2012
(b)   customer relationships represent the number of residential and business customers that subscribe to at least one of our cable services. single product, double product and triple product customers represent customers that subscribe to one, two or three of our cable services, respectively.
(c)   the total number of video customers as of december 31, 2013 and 2012 are also presented using the ebu method to show an appropriate comparison.
(d)                                                    total high-speed internet and voice customers as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 and net additional high-speed internet and voice customers in 2014 are presented using the billable customers method. because the difference in the total number of customers and the net additional customers using the billable customers method and the ebu method was not material, the net additional high-speed internet and voice customers in 2013 and the december 31, 2012 metrics for high-speed internet and voice customers are presented using the ebu method.
cable communications segment – revenue our cable communications segment leverages our existing cable distribution system to grow revenue by, among other things, adding new customers, encouraging existing cable customers to add new or higher-tier services, and expanding our other services such as our business services offerings and our home security and automation services. we offer our cable services in bundles and often provide promotional incentives. we seek to balance promotional offers and rate increases with their expected effects on the number of customers and overall revenue.
video video revenue increased 1.2% and 2.9% in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the increases in revenue in both years were due to increases in the number of customers receiving additional and higher levels of video service and rate adjustments, partially offset by decreases in the number of residential video customers. the increases in customers receiving additional and higher levels of video service accounted for increases in revenue of 2.7% and 4.7% in 2014 and 2013, respectively. as of december 31, 2014, 13.0 million customers subscribed to at least one of our hd or dvr advanced services compared to 12.5 million customers and 11.8 million customers as of december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. while we had rate adjustments in both 2014 and 2013, rate adjustments were not as significant in 2014 compared to 2013. the decrease in the number of residential video customers in 2014 and 2013 was primarily due to competitive pressures in our service areas from phone and dbs competitors, and the impact of rate adjustments.
as of december 31, 2014, 40.9% of the homes and businesses in the areas we serve subscribed to our video services, compared to 41.9% and 43.0% as of december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. we may experience further declines in the number of residential video customers.
high-speed internet high-speed internet revenue increased 9.5% and 8.3% in 2014 and 2013, respectively. increases in the number of residential customers receiving our high-speed internet services accounted for increases in revenue of 5.9% and 6.0% in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the remaining increases in revenue in 2014 and 2013 were primarily due to higher rates from customers receiving higher levels of service and from rate adjustments.
as of december 31, 2014, 40.2% of the homes and businesses in the areas we serve subscribed to our high-speed internet services, compared to 38.4% and 36.4% as of december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. our customer base continues to grow as consumers continue to choose our high-speed internet services and seek higher-speed offerings.
voice voice revenue increased 0.4% and 2.8% in 2014 and 2013, respectively. while the growth rate of residential customer additions slowed in 2014, the increase in the number of residential customers receiving our voice services through our discounted bundled offerings accounted for increases in revenue of 5.1% and 6.0% in comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   58
2014 and 2013, respectively. the increases in revenue were partially offset in both years by the impact of the allocation of voice revenue for our bundled customers. the amounts allocated to voice revenue in the bundled rate decreased in 2014 and 2013 because video and high-speed internet rates increased, while voice rates remained relatively flat.
as of december 31, 2014, 20.5% of the homes and businesses in the areas we serve subscribed to our voice services, compared to 19.9% and 18.7% as of december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
business services business services revenue increased 21.9% and 26.4% in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the increases in 2014 and 2013 were primarily due to a higher number of small business customers receiving our high-speed internet and voice services. the remaining increases in both years were primarily due to continued growth in the number of customers receiving our ethernet network and cellular backhaul services.
in 2014, our medium-sized business customers represented 22% of total business services revenue, compared to 19% and 15% in 2013 and 2012, respectively.
we believe the increases in the number of business customers are primarily the result of our efforts to gain market share from competitors by offering competitive services and pricing.
advertising as part of our distribution agreements with cable networks, we generally receive an allocation of scheduled advertising time on cable networks that our spotlight business sells to local, regional and national advertisers. in most cases, the available advertising units are sold by our sales force. in some cases, we work with representation firms as an extension of our sales force to sell a portion of the advertising time allocated to us. we also represent the advertising sales efforts of other multichannel video providers in some markets. in addition, we generate revenue from the sale of advertising online and on our on demand service. advertising revenue is affected by the strength of the advertising market and general economic conditions.
advertising revenue increased 11.5% in 2014 primarily due to an increase in political advertising revenue of 8.0%, as well as an increase in revenue in our national and local advertising markets. excluding the impact of political advertising revenue, advertising revenue increased 3.5% in 2014. advertising revenue decreased 4.2% in 2013 primarily due to lower political advertising revenue. excluding the impact of political advertising revenue, advertising revenue increased 4.8% in 2013 primarily due to increases in our national and regional advertising markets.
other we receive revenue related to cable franchise and other regulatory fees. we also receive revenue related to our digital media center, commissions from electronic retailing networks, and fees from other services, such as our home security and automation services. cable franchise and other regulatory fees represent the fees we are required to pay to federal, state and local authorities that we pass through to our customers. under the terms of our cable franchise agreements, we are generally required to pay to the cable franchising authority an amount based on our gross video revenue. the changes in franchise and other regulatory fees collected from our cable services customers are generally due to changes in the revenue on which the fees apply.
other revenue increased 4.9% and 10.5% in 2014 and 2013, respectively, primarily due to increases in revenue from our home security and automation services, as well as increases in cable franchise and other regulatory fees.
59      comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k cable communications segment – operating costs and expenses we continue to focus on controlling the growth of expenses. our operating margin, which is our operating income before depreciation and amortization as a percentage of revenue, for 2014, 2013 and 2012 was 41.0%, 41.1% and 41.0%, respectively.
programming expenses programming expenses, which represent our largest operating expense, are the fees we pay to license the programming we distribute to our video customers. these expenses are affected by the programming license fees charged by cable networks, the fees charged for retransmission of the signals from local broadcast television stations, the number of video customers we serve and the amount of content we provide. programming expenses increased in 2014 and 2013 primarily due to increases in programming license fees, including retransmission consent fees and sports programming costs, and fees to secure rights for additional programming for our customers across an increasing number of platforms.
we anticipate that our programming expenses will continue to increase as we provide additional content, including in hd, to our video customers; as we deliver this content through an increasing number of platforms, including on demand, online and through our mobile apps; and as the fees we pay increase, primarily retransmission consent fees and sports programming costs. we believe that adding more content and delivering it on various platforms will help us to attract and retain video customers.
technical and product support expenses technical and product support expenses include costs to complete service call and installation activities, as well as costs for network operations, product development, fulfillment and provisioning. technical and product support expenses increased in 2014 and 2013 primarily due to expenses related to the development, delivery and support of our enhanced devices and services, including our x1 platform, cloud dvr technology and wireless gateways, and the continued growth in business services. the increase in 2014 was also due to expenses related to our home security and automation services and the increase in 2013 was also due to customer fulfillment activities.
customer service expenses customer service expenses include the personnel and other costs associated with handling the sale of services to customers and customer service activity. customer service expenses increased in 2014 and 2013 primarily due to increases in total labor costs associated with increases in customer service activity. the increases in customer service activity were primarily due to sales and related support activities associated with the continued deployment of enhanced devices and services, which include our x1 platform, cloud dvr technology, wireless gateways, and home security and automation services, and the continued growth in business services.
franchise and other regulatory fees franchise and other regulatory fees increased in 2014 and 2013 primarily due to increases in revenue from residential cable services and business services related to the fees we are required to pay to federal, state and local authorities.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses advertising, marketing and promotion expenses increased in 2014 and 2013 primarily due to increases in spending associated with attracting new residential and business services customers and encouraging existing customers to add additional or higher-tier services.
other costs and expenses other costs and expenses increased in 2014 and 2013 primarily due to increases in costs to support our advertising sales business, as well as increases in other administrative costs.
comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   60
nbcuniversal segments overview
2014 nbcuniversal segments operating results year ended december 31 (in millions)                          2014                  2013                  2012                         % change              % change revenue cable networks                                                         $9,563                $9,201                $8,727                   3.9   %               5.4    %
operating income before depreciation and amortization cable networks                                                         $3,589                $3,501                $3,303                   2.5   %               6.0    %
total operating income before depreciation and amortization            $5,588                $4,732                $4,107                  18.1   %              15.2    %
during 2014, 2013 and 2012, there were no changes to nbcuniversal's accounting principles or practices that had a material effect on its net income.
61      comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k cable networks segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)                    2014              2013              2012                     % change              % change operating costs and expenses programming and production                                        4,241             3,850             3,659              10.2                   5.2
advertising, marketing and promotion                                501               508               459              (1.3   )              10.7
total operating costs and expenses                                5,974             5,700             5,424               4.8                   5.1
operating income before depreciation and amortization            $3,589            $3,501            $3,303               2.5   %               6.0   %
cable networks segment – revenue distribution distribution revenue is generated from distribution agreements with multichannel video providers and is affected by the number of subscribers receiving our cable networks and the fees we charge per subscriber.
distribution revenue increased in 2014 primarily due to our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics and increases in contractual rates charged under distribution agreements. excluding $177 million of revenue associated with the 2014 sochi olympics, distribution revenue increased 4.6% in 2014. distribution revenue increased in 2013 primarily due to increases in contractual rates charged under distribution agreements.
in 2014, 2013 and 2012, 12%, 13% and 13%, respectively, of our cable networks segment revenue was generated from our cable communications segment. these amounts are eliminated in comcast's consolidated financial statements but are included in the amounts presented above.
advertising advertising revenue is generated from the sale of advertising units sold on our cable networks and related digital media properties. our advertising revenue is primarily based on the price we receive for each advertising unit, which is generally based on audience ratings and the value of our viewer demographics to advertisers, and the number of advertising units we can place in our cable networks' programming schedules. advertising revenue is affected by the strength of the national advertising market, general economic conditions, cyclicality related to political campaigns and issue-oriented advertising, and the success and ratings of our programming. audience ratings at some of our cable networks have declined and may continue to decline as the number of programming choices, including choices on both linear television and digital platforms, continues to increase and as the use of dvrs and video on demand services that give viewers more control over when they view content continues to increase.
advertising revenue decreased slightly in 2014 primarily due to continued declines in audience ratings at our networks and the absence of the style network and fandango in the current year, partially offset by higher prices and an increase in the volume of advertising units sold and our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics. excluding $80 million of revenue associated with the 2014 sochi olympics, advertising revenue decreased 3.5% in 2014 primarily due to continued declines in audience ratings at our networks. advertising revenue comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   62
increased 4.3% in 2013 primarily due to higher prices and an increase in the volume of advertising units sold, which contributed to a combined increase of 8.9%. the increase in advertising revenue in 2013 was partially offset by continued declines in audience ratings at our networks.
content licensing and other we also generate other revenue primarily from the licensing of our owned programming in the united states and internationally to various distribution platforms, including cable and broadcast networks and digital distributors.
content licensing and other revenue remained flat in 2014. content licensing and other revenue increased in 2013 primarily due to the timing of availability of content under our licensing agreements with digital distributors.
cable networks segment – operating costs and expenses programming and production costs programming and production costs include the amortization of owned and acquired programming, sports rights, direct production costs, residual and participation payments, production overhead, costs associated with the distribution of our programming to third-party networks and other distribution platforms, and on-air talent costs.
programming and production costs increased in 2014 primarily due to costs of $242 million associated with the 2014 sochi olympics, as well as our continued investment in programming, including original programming at our entertainment networks and sports programming rights costs. the increase in sports programming rights costs in 2014 included the impact of a new rights agreement with a professional sports team and the full year of english premier league soccer. programming and production costs increased in 2013 primarily due to our continued investment in programming, including sports programming rights costs. the increase in sports programming rights costs in 2013 included the impact from an increase in the number of nhl games compared to 2012 due to the nhl lockout in 2012, as well as costs associated with our broadcasts of english premier league soccer, which began in august 2013.
other operating and administrative costs and expenses other operating and administrative costs and expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses.
other operating and administrative costs and expenses decreased in 2014 primarily due to lower employee-related costs and the absence of the style network and fandango in the current year. other operating and administrative costs and expenses increased in 2013 primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses advertising, marketing and promotion expenses consist primarily of the costs associated with promoting our cable networks and costs associated with our related digital media properties.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses remained relatively flat in 2014. advertising, marketing and promotion expenses increased in 2013 primarily due to increased spending on marketing related to the launch of new programming on our cable networks.
63      comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k broadcast television segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)                    2014              2013              2012                     % change       % change operating costs and expenses programming and production                                        6,127             5,192             6,291              18.0                 (17.5   )
advertising, marketing and promotion                                482               379               345              27.0       10.0
total operating costs and expenses                                7,808             6,775             7,842              15.3                 (13.6   )
operating income before depreciation and amortization              $734              $345              $358             112.5   %              (3.6   )%
broadcast television segment – revenue advertising advertising revenue is generated from the sale of advertising units sold on our broadcast networks, our owned local television stations and our related digital media properties. our advertising revenue is primarily based on the price we receive for each advertising unit, which is generally based on audience ratings and the value of our viewer demographics to advertisers, and the number of advertising units we can place in our broadcast networks' and owned local television stations' programming schedules. advertising revenue is affected by the strength of the national and local advertising markets, general economic conditions, cyclicality related to political campaigns and issue-oriented advertising, and the success and ratings of our programming.
advertising revenue increased in 2014 primarily due to revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics. excluding $730 million of revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics, advertising revenue increased 4.6% in 2014 primarily due to higher prices and an increase in the volume of advertising units sold. advertising revenue decreased in 2013 primarily due to $1.2 billion of advertising revenue recorded in 2012 associated with our broadcasts of the 2012 super bowl and the 2012 london olympics. excluding the impact of these events, advertising revenue increased 5.0% in 2013 primarily due to higher prices and an increase in the volume of advertising units sold.
content licensing content licensing revenue is generated from the licensing of our owned programming in the united states and internationally to various distribution platforms, including to cable and broadcast networks and digital distributors. the production and distribution costs related to our owned programming generally exceed the revenue generated from the initial network license, which means the subsequent licensing of our owned programming series following the initial network license is critical to their financial success.
content licensing revenue increased in 2014 primarily due to new content licensing agreements with digital distributors. content licensing revenue decreased in 2013 primarily due to the timing of availability of content under our licensing agreements.
comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   64
other we also generate other revenue primarily from fees for retransmission consent of our owned broadcast television stations and associated fees received from our affiliated local broadcast television stations, as well as from the sale of our owned programming on dvds and electronically through digital distributors. the sale of our owned programming is driven primarily by the popularity of our broadcast networks and programming series, and therefore fluctuates based on consumer spending and acceptance. other revenue also includes distribution revenue associated with our periodic broadcasts of the olympic games.
other revenue increased in 2014 primarily due to $116 million of distribution revenue from multichannel video providers and fees recognized under our retransmission consent agreements associated with our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics. other revenue decreased in 2013 primarily due to $266 million of distribution revenue from multichannel video providers in 2012 associated with our broadcast of the 2012 london olympics. the decrease in 2013 was partially offset by an increase in fees recognized under our retransmission consent agreements.
broadcast television segment – operating costs and expenses programming and production costs programming and production costs relate to content originating on our broadcast networks and owned local broadcast television stations. they include the amortization of owned and acquired programming costs, sports rights, direct production costs, residual and participation payments, production overhead, costs associated with the distribution of our programming to third-party networks and other distribution platforms, and on-air talent costs.
programming and production costs increased in 2014 primarily due to costs of $715 million associated with our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics, as well as our continued investment in original programming. programming and production costs decreased in 2013 primarily due to costs of $1.3 billion associated with our broadcasts of the 2012 london olympics and the 2012 super bowl. excluding the impact of these events, programming and production costs increased in 2013 primarily due to our continued investment in original programming.
other operating and administrative costs and expenses other operating and administrative costs and expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses.
other operating and administrative costs and expenses remained flat in 2014 and 2013.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses advertising, marketing and promotion expenses consist primarily of the costs associated with promoting our owned television programming, as well as the marketing of dvds and costs associated with our related digital media properties.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses increased in 2014 and 2013 primarily due to increased spending on marketing associated with our primetime lineup.
65      comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k filmed entertainment segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)                    2014              2013              2012                     % change               % change operating costs and expenses programming and production                                        2,331             2,982             3,002             (21.8    )              (0.7   )
advertising, marketing and promotion                              1,117             1,271             1,426             (12.2    )             (10.8   )
total operating costs and expenses                                4,297             4,969             5,080             (13.5    )              (2.2   )
operating income before depreciation and amortization              $711              $483               $79              47.3    %             509.7   %
filmed entertainment segment – revenue theatrical theatrical revenue is generated from the worldwide theatrical release of our owned and acquired films for exhibition in movie theaters and is significantly affected by the timing of each release and the number of films we distribute, as well as their acceptance by consumers. theatrical revenue is also affected by the number of exhibition screens, ticket prices, the percentage of ticket sale retention by the exhibitors and the popularity of competing films at the time our films are released. the success of a film in movie theaters is a significant factor in determining the revenue a film is likely to generate in succeeding distribution platforms.
theatrical revenue decreased in 2014 and increased in 2013 primarily due to the strong performance of our major films in 2013, including despicable me 2 and fast and furious 6. the decrease in theatrical revenue in 2014 was partially offset by the performance of our current year releases, including lucy and neighbors.
content licensing content licensing revenue is generated primarily from the licensing of our owned and acquired films to cable, broadcast and premium networks, as well as to digital distributors.
content licensing revenue increased in 2014 primarily due to the timing of availability of content under licensing agreements related to our film library. content licensing revenue increased in 2013 primarily due to the international licensing of our 2012 theatrical releases, as well as from the licensing of our 2013 theatrical releases to digital distributors.
home entertainment home entertainment revenue is generated from the sale of our owned and acquired films on dvds to retail stores, rental kiosks and subscription by mail services, and electronically through digital distributors. home entertainment revenue is significantly affected by the timing and number of our releases and their acceptance by consumers. release dates are determined by several factors, including the timing of the exhibition of a film in movie theaters, holiday periods and the timing of competitive releases.
comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   66
home entertainment revenue decreased in 2014 primarily due to the strong performance of our 2013 releases, including despicable me 2 and fast and furious 6. home entertainment revenue remained flat in 2013 primarily due to a decrease in the number of releases in 2013 compared to 2012 offset by the strong performance of despicable me 2 and fast and furious 6.
the overall dvd market continues to experience declines due to the maturation of the standard-definition dvd format, piracy, and increasing shifts in consumer behavior toward digital distributors, and subscription rental services, all of which generate less revenue per transaction than dvd sales.
other we also generate revenue from producing and licensing live stage plays, from distributing filmed entertainment produced by third parties and from a movie ticketing and entertainment business.
other revenue increased in 2014 primarily due to the inclusion of fandango in 2014, which was previously presented in our cable networks segment. other revenue increased slightly in 2013 primarily due to an increase in revenue generated from our stage plays.
filmed entertainment segment – operating costs and expenses programming and production costs programming and production costs include the amortization of capitalized film production and acquisition costs, residual and participation payments, and distribution expenses. residual payments represent amounts payable to certain of our employees, including freelance and temporary employees, who are represented by labor unions or guilds and are based on post-theatrical revenue. participation payments are primarily based on film performance and represent contingent consideration payable to creative talent, third parties that have entered into cofinancing agreements with us and other parties involved in the production of a film.
programming and production costs decreased in 2014 and 2013 primarily due to lower amortization of film costs associated with the lower costs of our 2014 and 2013 film slates compared to their respective prior years.
other operating and administrative costs and expenses other operating and administrative costs and expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses.
other operating and administrative expenses increased in 2014 primarily due to the inclusion of fandango in 2014, which was previously presented in our cable networks segment. other operating and administrative expenses increased in 2013 primarily due to the realization of a receivable in 2012 that was previously reserved for as uncollectible.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses advertising, marketing and promotion expenses consist primarily of expenses associated with advertising for our theatrical releases and the marketing of dvds. we incur significant marketing expenses before and throughout the release of a film in movie theaters. as a result, we typically incur losses on a film prior to and during the film's exhibition in movie theaters and may not realize profits, if any, until the film generates home entertainment and content licensing revenue. the costs associated with producing and marketing films have generally increased in recent years and may continue to increase in the future.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses decreased in 2014 and 2013 primarily due to fewer significant theatrical releases compared to their respective prior years.
67      comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k theme parks segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)                    2014              2013              2012                     % change              % change operating costs and expenses                                      1,455             1,231             1,132              18.1                   8.8
operating income before depreciation and amortization            $1,168            $1,004              $953              16.4   %               5.3   %
theme parks segment – revenue our theme parks segment revenue is generated primarily from theme park attendance and per capita spending at our universal theme parks in orlando, florida and hollywood, california, as well as from licensing and other fees. attendance at our theme parks and per capita spending depend heavily on the general environment for travel and tourism, including consumer spending on travel and other recreational activities. licensing and other fees relate primarily to our agreements with third parties that operate the universal studios japan and the universal studios singapore theme parks to license the universal studios brand name and other intellectual property.
theme parks segment revenue increased in 2014 and 2013 primarily due to higher guest attendance and increases in per capita spending at our orlando and hollywood theme parks. the increase in 2014 was primarily due to new attractions, such as the wizarding world of harry potter™ – diagon alley™ in orlando and despicable me: minion mayhem in hollywood. the increase in 2013 was primarily due to the continued success of the wizarding world of harry potter™ attraction in orlando and the transformers attractions in orlando and hollywood.
theme parks segment – operating costs and expenses our theme parks segment operating costs and expenses consist primarily of theme park operations, including repairs and maintenance and related administrative expenses; food, beverage and merchandise costs; labor costs; and sales and marketing costs.
theme parks segment operating costs and expenses increased in 2014 and 2013 primarily due to additional costs at our orlando and hollywood theme parks associated with new attractions, such as the wizarding world of harry potter™ – diagon alley™ in orlando in 2014 and increases in food, beverage and merchandise costs associated with the increases in attendance in both periods.
nbcuniversal headquarters, other and eliminations headquarters and other operating costs and expenses incurred by our nbcuniversal businesses include overhead, personnel costs and costs associated with corporate initiatives. operating costs and expenses increased in 2014 and 2013 primarily due to higher employee-related costs, including severance costs in 2014.
corporate and other results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)                  2014                 2013                 2012                     % change               % change operating costs and expenses                                   1,487                1,089               874                  36.5                   24.7
operating loss before depreciation and amortization            $(778   )            $(489   )         $(376   )             (59.1   )%             (30.2   )%
comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   68
corporate and other – revenue other revenue primarily relates to comcast-spectacor, which owns the philadelphia flyers and the wells fargo center arena in philadelphia, pennsylvania and operates arena management-related businesses.
other revenue increased in 2014 primarily due to an increase in revenue from food services associated with new contracts entered into by one of our comcast-spectacor businesses, as well as an increase in revenue associated with newly acquired businesses. other revenue increased in 2013 primarily due to an increase in the number of nhl games compared to 2012 due to the nhl lockout in 2012.
corporate and other – operating costs and expenses corporate and other operating costs and expenses primarily include overhead, personnel costs, the cost of corporate initiatives and branding, and operating costs and expenses associated with comcast-spectacor.
corporate and other operating costs and expenses increased in 2014 primarily due to $237 million of transaction-related costs associated with the time warner cable merger and the divestiture transactions, as well as an increase in operating costs and expenses associated with new contracts entered into by one of our comcast-spectacor businesses. corporate and other operating costs and expenses also increased due to $25 million of costs associated with the 2014 sochi olympics. corporate and other operating costs and expenses increased in 2013 primarily due to $74 million of expenses associated with the final settlement of the terminated qualified pension plan that provided benefits to former employees of a company we acquired as part of the at&t broadband transaction in 2002, as well as an increase in labor costs in our comcast-spectacor business.
consolidated other income (expense) items, net year ended december 31 (in millions)              2014                 2013                 2012
investment income (loss), net                                296           576                        219
equity in net income (losses) of investees, net               97                  (86   )             959
interest expense interest expense increased in 2014 primarily due to the effects of our interest rate derivative financial instruments. interest expense increased in 2013 primarily due to an increase in our debt outstanding, partially offset by a lower average cost of debt.
investment income (loss), net the changes in investment income (loss), net in 2014 and 2013 were primarily due to the $443 million gain that was recorded in 2013 related to the sale of our investment in clearwire corporation in july 2013. the components of investment income (loss), net in 2014, 2013 and 2012 are presented in a table in note 7 to comcast's consolidated financial statements.
equity in net income (losses) of investees, net the change in equity in net income (loss) of investees, net in 2014 was primarily due to $142 million of total equity losses recorded in 2013 attributable to our investment in hulu, llc ("hulu"). in july 2013, we entered into an agreement to provide capital contributions totaling $247 million to hulu, which we had previously accounted for as a cost method investment. this represented an agreement to provide our first capital contribution to hulu since we acquired our interest in it as part of our acquisition of a controlling interest in nbcuniversal, llc ("nbcuniversal holdings") in 2011 (the "nbcuniversal transaction"); therefore, we began
69      comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k to apply the equity method of accounting for this investment. the change in the method of accounting for this investment required us to recognize our proportionate share of hulu's accumulated losses from the date of the nbcuniversal transaction through july 2013. the change in equity in net income (loss), net in 2013 was primarily due to $876 million of income that was recorded in 2012 related to our portion of a gain on the sale of advanced wireless services spectrum licenses through our investment in spectrumco, as well as $142 million of total equity losses recorded in 2013 attributable to our investment in hulu.
other income (expense), net the change in other income (expense), net in 2014 was primarily due to the net impact of an impairment of $236 million of our equity method investment in, and loans with, a regional sports cable network based in houston, texas and a $108 million gain related to our sale of wireless communications spectrum licenses in 2013, as well as a $27 million favorable settlement of a contingency recorded in 2014 related to the at&t broadband transaction in 2002. the change in other income (expense), net in 2013 was primarily due to a $1 billion gain recorded in 2012 related to the sale of our investment in a&e television networks llc ("a&e television networks"), as well as the net impact of the $236 million impairment related to our equity method investment in a regional sports cable network and a $108 million gain related to our sale of wireless communications spectrum licenses in 2013.
consolidated income tax expense income tax expense reflects federal and state income taxes, adjustments associated with uncertain tax positions and, until we acquired general electric company's ("ge") 49% common equity interest in nbcuniversal holdings that we did not already own in march 2013 (the "nbcuniversal redemption transaction"), the partnership structure of nbcuniversal holdings whereby income tax expense was not recorded on the portion of its consolidated income that was attributable to ge's noncontrolling interest. our effective income tax rate in 2014, 2013 and 2012 was 31.1%, 35.8% and 32.3%, respectively.
in september 2014, we reduced our accruals for uncertain tax positions and the related accrued interest on these tax positions and, as a result, our income tax expense decreased by $724 million. see note 15 to comcast's consolidated financial statements for additional information on the changes in our accruals for uncertain tax positions and related interest on these tax positions. in 2013, our effective income tax rate increased compared to 2012 due to the nbcuniversal redemption transaction, following which we recorded income tax expense on all of nbcuniversal's consolidated income. in addition, our 2013 income tax expense was reduced by $158 million due to the nontaxable portion of the increase in tax basis associated with the redemption of liberty media series a common stock in october 2013.
our income tax expense in the future may continue to be impacted by adjustments to uncertain tax positions and related interest, and changes in tax laws. we expect our 2015 annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 37% to 39%, absent changes in tax laws or significant changes in uncertain tax positions. in addition, the time warner cable merger and the divestiture transactions may result in changes to our existing deferred income tax liabilities due to changes in the apportionment factors related to state income taxes. any such changes will be reflected in income tax expense as of the respective closing dates.
consolidated net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock the decreases in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock in 2014 and 2013 were primarily due to the nbcuniversal redemption transaction.
comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   70
liquidity and capital resources our businesses generate significant cash flows from operating activities. we believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements, including fixed charges, through our cash flows from operating activities, existing cash, cash equivalents and investments, available borrowings under our existing credit facilities, and our ability to obtain future external financing. we anticipate that we will continue to use a substantial portion of our cash flows to meet our debt repayment obligations, to fund our capital expenditures, to invest in business opportunities and to return capital to shareholders.
we also maintain significant availability under our lines of credit and our commercial paper programs to meet our short-term liquidity requirements.
our commercial paper programs provide a lower-cost source of borrowing to fund our short-term working capital requirements. these commercial paper programs are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by us and our 100% owned cable holding company subsidiaries, comcast cable communications, llc ("cccl parent"), comcast mo group, inc. ("comcast mo group"), comcast cable holdings, llc ("cch") and comcast mo of delaware, llc ("comcast mo of delaware") (collectively, the "cable guarantors"), as well as by nbcuniversal. the comcast commercial paper program is supported by the comcast and comcast cable communications, llc $6.25 billion revolving credit facility due june 2017.
in february 2014, nbcuniversal enterprise, inc. ("nbcuniversal enterprise") entered into a commercial paper program. the maximum borrowing capacity under this commercial paper program is $1.35 billion, and it is supported by nbcuniversal enterprise's $1.35 billion revolving credit facility due march 2018.
as of december 31, 2014, amounts available under our consolidated revolving credit facilities, net of amounts outstanding under our commercial paper programs and outstanding letters of credit, totaled $6.5 billion, which included $505 million available under the nbcuniversal enterprise revolving credit facility.
we, nbcuniversal and the cable guarantors that have provided guarantees are subject to the covenants and restrictions set forth in the indentures governing our public debt securities and in the credit agreements governing the comcast and comcast cable communications, llc revolving credit facility. we test for compliance with the covenants for this credit facility on an ongoing basis. the only financial covenant is in this credit facility and pertains to leverage, which is the ratio of debt to operating income before depreciation and amortization, as defined in the credit facility. as of december 31, 2014, we met this financial covenant by a significant margin. we do not expect to have to reduce debt or improve operating results in order to continue to comply with this financial covenant.
71      comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k operating activities components of net cash provided by operating activities year ended december 31 (in millions)                    2014                   2013                   2012
operating income before depreciation and amortization             22,923                 21,434                 19,977
changes in operating assets and liabilities                         (357   )                 93                   (418   )
proceeds from investments and other                                  190                    162                    213
excess tax benefits under share-based compensation                  (267   )               (205   )               (134   )
net cash provided by operating activities                        $16,945                $14,160                $14,854
the changes in operating assets and liabilities in 2014 compared to the changes in 2013 were primarily related to the timing of film and television production spending and related costs, net of amortization of approximately $600 million.
the changes in operating assets and liabilities in 2013 compared to the changes in 2012 were primarily due to the timing of receipts for our accounts receivable, increases in deferred revenue associated with our olympics broadcasts, and a decrease in film and television costs. the increases were partially offset by payments made in 2013 related to the termination of a film financing arrangement and payments of our accounts payable and accrued expenses related to trade creditors, as well as the timing of other operating items.
the decrease in income tax payments in 2014 was primarily due to the settlement of tax disputes and the repatriation of foreign earnings in 2013. the decrease was partially offset by higher taxable income from operations and the net impact of the economic stimulus legislation in 2014. the increase in income tax payments in 2013 was primarily due to higher taxable income from operations, the net impact of the economic stimulus legislation, the settlement of tax disputes and the repatriation of foreign earnings. we expect income tax payments to increase in 2015 primarily due to higher taxable income from operations and the net impact of economic stimulus legislation.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities in 2014 consisted primarily of cash paid for capital expenditures and intangible assets. net cash used in investing activities in 2013 consisted primarily of cash paid for capital expenditures, acquisitions and construction of real estate properties, purchases of investments and cash paid for intangible assets. net cash used in investing activities in 2012 consisted primarily of cash paid for capital expenditures, intangible assets and purchases of investments, which was substantially offset by proceeds from the sale of investments and return of capital from investees.
comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   72
capital expenditures our most significant recurring investing activity has been capital expenditures in our cable communications segment, and we expect that this will continue in the future. the table below summarizes the capital expenditures we incurred in our cable communications segment in 2014, 2013 and 2012.
customer premise equipment                       3,397             2,990             2,678
buildings and building improvements                 97                67                57
cable communications capital expenditures increased in 2014 and 2013 primarily due to an increase in customer premise equipment purchases, including purchases related to our x1 platform and cloud dvr technology, as well as purchases related to our wireless gateways in 2013, and increased investment in business services and network infrastructure to increase network capacity.
capital expenditures in our nbcuniversal segments increased 5.3% to $1.2 billion in 2014 and 52.0% to $1.2 billion in 2013 primarily due to continued investment in our universal theme parks.
our capital expenditures for 2015 are expected to increase as we continue to invest in the deployment of our x1 platform and cloud dvr technology, and the expansion of business services and our home security and automation services. we also expect capital expenditures to increase in 2015 as a result of integration efforts following the close of the time warner cable merger. capital expenditures for subsequent years will depend on numerous factors, including acquisitions, competition, changes in technology, regulatory changes, the timing and rate of deployment of new services, and the capacity required for existing services. in addition, we expect to continue to invest in existing and new attractions at our universal theme parks.
cash paid for intangible assets in 2014, 2013 and 2012, cash paid for intangible assets consisted primarily of expenditures for software.
acquisitions and construction of real estate properties acquisitions and construction of real estate properties in 2014 was not significant. in 2013, acquisitions and construction of real estate properties included nbcuniversal's purchases of the 30 rockefeller plaza properties it occupies and the property located at 10 universal city plaza, which is adjacent to universal studios hollywood in university city, california, and our purchase of an 80% interest in a business whose primary asset is our corporate headquarters located in philadelphia, pennsylvania.
proceeds from sales of businesses and investments in 2014, proceeds from sales of businesses and investments were primarily related to the sale of our investment in arris group and the sale of equity securities following the settlement of certain of our prepaid forward sale agreements. in 2013, proceeds from sales of businesses and investments were primarily related to the redemption of our liberty media series a common stock by liberty media corporation and the sale of our investment in clearwire. in 2012, proceeds from sales of businesses and investments were primarily related to the sale of our investment in a&e television networks. following the sale of our investment in a&e television networks, nbcuniversal no longer receives dividends from a&e television networks. in 2012, nbcuniversal received $129 million in dividends from a&e television networks, which were included in net cash provided by operating activities.
73      comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k return of capital from investees our return of capital from investees in 2014 was not significant. in 2013, our return of capital from investees consisted primarily of a distribution received from the weather channel holding corp. in 2012, our return of capital from investees consisted primarily of distributions received from the spectrumco transaction.
purchases of investments our purchases of investments in 2014 were not significant. in 2013, our purchases of investments were primarily related to equity securities that were held as collateral for our prepaid forward sale agreements. our purchases of investments in 2012 were not significant.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities consisted primarily of repurchases of our common stock, repayments of debt and dividend payments, which were partially offset by proceeds from new borrowings. proceeds from borrowings fluctuate from year to year based on the amounts paid to fund acquisitions and debt repayments.
we have made, and may from time to time in the future make, optional repayments on our debt obligations, which may include repurchases of our outstanding public notes and debentures, depending on various factors, such as market conditions. see note 10 to comcast's consolidated financial statements for additional information on our financing activities, including details of our debt repayments and borrowings.
share repurchases and dividends in january 2014, our board of directors increased our share repurchase program authorization to $7.5 billion. the authorization allows us to repurchase shares in the open market or in private transactions and does not have an expiration date. in 2014, we repurchased a total of 81 million shares of our class a special and class a common stock for $4.25 billion, which includes $1.25 billion of the additional $2.5 billion of shares we committed to repurchase following the shareholder approvals for the time warner cable merger. in addition, because we and time warner cable have received shareholder approval for the merger, we intend to repurchase an additional $1.25 billion of shares through the close of the time warner cable merger in early 2015, subject to market conditions. as of december 31, 2014, we had $3.25 billion remaining under the board's authorization.
in february 2015, our board of directors increased our share repurchase program authorization to $10 billion, which does not have an expiration date. under this authorization, we may repurchase shares in the open market or in private transactions. we expect to repurchase $4.25 billion of shares during 2015, including the remaining $1.25 billion of additional shares we committed to repurchase in connection with the time warner cable merger, subject to market conditions. additional share repurchases above the $4.25 billion commitment in 2015 will be determined following the close of the time warner cable merger and the related divestiture transactions with charter.
comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   74
the table below sets forth information on our share repurchases and dividends paid in 2014, 2013 and 2012.
capital lease obligations                                                  31                     6                       9                      4                       12
other long-term liabilities reflected on the balance sheet(c)           7,787                   960                   1,574                    933                    4,320
refer to note 10 and note 17 to comcast's consolidated financial statements.
(b)                                                purchase obligations consist of agreements to purchase goods and services that are legally binding on us and specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased and price provisions. our purchase obligations related to our cable communications segment include programming contracts with cable networks and local broadcast television stations, contracts with customer premise equipment manufacturers, communications vendors and multichannel video providers for which we provide advertising sales representation, and other contracts entered into in the normal course of business. cable communications programming contracts in the table above include amounts payable under fixed or minimum guaranteed commitments and do not represent the total fees that are expected to be paid under programming contracts, which we expect to be higher because these contracts are generally based on the number of subscribers receiving the programming. our purchase obligations related to our nbcuniversal segments consist primarily of commitments to acquire film and television programming, including u.s. television rights to future olympic games through 2032, sunday night football on nbc through the 2022-23 season, including the super bowl in 2015, 2018 and 2021, nhl games through the 2020-21 season, spanish-language u.s. television rights to fifa world cup games through 2022, u.s television rights to english premier league soccer games through the 2015-16 season, certain pga tour golf events through 2021 and certain nascar events through 2024, as well as obligations under various creative talent and employment agreements, including obligations to actors, producers, television personalities and executives, and various other television commitments. purchase obligations do not include contracts with immaterial future commitments.
(c)                                                   other long-term liabilities reflected on the balance sheet consist primarily of subsidiary preferred shares; deferred compensation obligations; pension, postretirement and postemployment benefit obligations; a contingent consideration obligation related to the nbcuniversal transaction; and a contractual obligation acquired in connection with the universal orlando transaction. this contractual obligation involves financial interests held by a third party in certain nbcuniversal businesses and is based on a percentage of future revenue of the specified businesses. this contractual obligation provides the third party with the option, beginning in 2017, to require nbcuniversal to purchase the interest for cash in an amount equal to the fair value of the estimated future payments. reserves for uncertain tax positions of $1.2 billion are not included in the table above because it is uncertain if and when these reserves will become payable. payments of $1.8 billion of participations and residuals are also not included in the table above because we cannot make a reliable estimate of the period in which these obligations will be settled.
liabilities recorded on the balance sheet             $57,434
commitments not recorded on the balance sheet          54,263
75      comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2014, we did not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 3 to each of comcast's and nbcuniversal's consolidated financial statements for additional information related to recent accounting pronouncements.
critical accounting judgments and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and contingent liabilities. we base our judgments on our historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making estimates about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
we believe our judgments and related estimates associated with the valuation and impairment testing of our cable franchise rights, the accounting for film and television costs, and the accounting for income taxes are critical in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting judgments and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors, and the audit committee has reviewed our disclosures relating to them, which are presented below. see notes 9, 6 and 15 to comcast's consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our accounting policies with respect to these items.
valuation and impairment testing of cable franchise rights our largest asset, our cable franchise rights, results from agreements we have with state and local governments that allow us to construct and operate a cable business within a specified geographic area. the value of a franchise is derived from the economic benefits we receive from the right to solicit new customers and to market new services, such as advanced video services and high-speed internet and voice services, in a particular service area. the amounts we record for cable franchise rights are primarily a result of cable system acquisitions. typically when we acquire a cable system, the most significant asset we record is the value of the cable franchise rights. often these cable system acquisitions include multiple franchise areas. we currently serve approximately 6,400 franchise areas in the united states.
we have concluded that our cable franchise rights have an indefinite useful life since there are no legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors which limit the period over which these rights will contribute to our cash flows. accordingly, we do not amortize our cable franchise rights but assess the carrying value of our cable franchise rights annually, or more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may exceed the fair value ("impairment testing").
for the purpose of our impairment testing, we have grouped the recorded values of our various cable franchise rights into our three cable communications divisions or units of account. we evaluate the unit of account periodically to ensure our impairment testing is performed at an appropriate level.
the annual impairment test for indefinite-lived intangibles allows for the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible is less than its carrying amount. an entity may choose to perform the qualitative assessment or an entity may comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   76
bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. if it is determined, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible is, more likely than not, less than its carrying value, the quantitative impairment test is required. when performing a quantitative assessment, we estimate the fair value of our cable franchise rights primarily based on a discounted cash flow analysis that involves significant judgment. when analyzing the fair values indicated under the discounted cash flow models, we also consider multiples of operating income before depreciation and amortization generated by the underlying assets, current market transactions and profitability information.
in 2014, we performed a quantitative assessment of our cable franchise rights. based on our quantitative analysis, the estimated fair values of our franchise rights exceeded the carrying value of the northeast, central and west divisions by 26%, 50% and 42%, respectively.
since the adoption of the accounting guidance related to goodwill and intangible assets in 2002, we have not recorded any significant impairment charges to cable franchise rights as a result of our impairment testing. a future change in the unit of account could result in the recognition of an impairment charge.
we could also record impairment charges in the future if there are changes in long-term market conditions, in expected future operating results, or in federal or state regulations that prevent us from recovering the carrying value of these cable franchise rights. assumptions made about increased competition and economic conditions could also impact the results of any qualitative assessment and the valuations used in future annual quantitative impairment testing and result in a reduction in the fair values of our cable franchise rights.
film and television costs we capitalize film and television production costs, including direct costs, production overhead, print costs, development costs and interest. we amortize capitalized film and television production costs, including acquired libraries, and accrue costs associated with participation and residual payments to programming and production expense. we generally record the amortization and the accrued costs using the individual film forecast computation method, which amortizes such costs using the ratio of the current period's revenue to estimated total remaining gross revenue from all sources ("ultimate revenue"). estimates of ultimate revenue have a significant impact on how quickly capitalized costs are amortized and, therefore, are updated regularly.
our estimates of ultimate revenue for films generally include revenue from all sources that are expected to be earned within 10 years from the date of a film's initial release. these estimates are based on the historical performance of similar content, as well as factors unique to the content itself. the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of ultimate revenue for a film intended for theatrical release is the film's theatrical performance, as subsequent revenue from the licensing and sale of a film has historically exhibited a high correlation to its theatrical performance. upon a film's release, our estimates of revenue from succeeding markets, including home entertainment and other distribution platforms, are revised based on historical relationships and an analysis of current market trends.
with respect to television series or other owned television programming, the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of ultimate revenue is whether the series can be successfully licensed beyond its initial license. initial estimates of ultimate revenue are limited to the amount of revenue contracted for each episode under the initial license. once it is determined that a television series or other owned television programming can be licensed for subsequent platforms, revenue estimates for these platforms, such as u.s. and international syndication, home entertainment, and other distribution platforms, are included in ultimate revenue. revenue estimates for produced episodes include revenue expected to be earned within 10 years of delivery of the initial episode or, if still in production, 5 years from the delivery of the most recent episode, if later.
77      comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k capitalized film and television costs, as well as stage play production costs, are subject to impairment testing when certain triggering events are identified. if the fair value of a production were to fall below its unamortized cost, we would record an adjustment for the amount by which the unamortized capitalized costs exceed the production's fair value. the fair value assessment is generally based on estimated future discounted cash flows, which are supported by our internal forecasts. adjustments to capitalized film and stage play production costs of $26 million, $167 million and $161 million were recorded in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
income taxes we base our provision for income taxes on our current period income, changes in our deferred income tax assets and liabilities, income tax rates, changes in estimates of our uncertain tax positions, and tax planning opportunities available in the jurisdictions in which we operate. we prepare and file tax returns based on our interpretation of tax laws and regulations, and we record estimates based on these judgments and interpretations.
from time to time, we engage in transactions in which the tax consequences may be subject to uncertainty. in these cases, we evaluate our tax positions using the recognition threshold and the measurement attribute in accordance with the accounting guidance related to uncertain tax positions. examples of these transactions include business acquisitions and dispositions, including consideration paid or received in connection with these transactions, certain financing transactions, and the allocation of income among state and local taxing jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in assessing and estimating the tax consequences of these transactions. we determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained on examination, including the resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. in evaluating whether a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, we presume that the position will be examined by the appropriate taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in our financial statements. the tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized when the position is ultimately resolved.
we adjust our estimates periodically to reflect changes in circumstances in ongoing examinations by and settlements with the various taxing authorities, as well as changes in tax laws, regulations and precedent. we believe that adequate accruals have been made for income taxes. when uncertain tax positions are ultimately resolved, either individually or in the aggregate, differences between our estimated amounts and the actual amounts are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position but could possibly be material to our consolidated results of operations or cash flow for any one period. in september 2014, we reduced our accruals for uncertain tax positions and the related accrued interest on these tax positions. the reduction resulted in a decrease of $724 million in income tax expense, which excludes the benefits of uncertain tax positions for which we have been indemnified. as of december 31, 2014, our uncertain tax positions and related accrued interest were $1.2 billion and $452 million, respectively.
comcast 2014 annual report on form 10-k   78