item 1a.   risk factors.
an investment in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. we seek to identify, manage and mitigate risks to our business, but risk and uncertainty cannot be eliminated or necessarily predicted. you should carefully consider the following factors, in addition to the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, before deciding to purchase our common stock or debt securities.
we depend heavily on contracts with the u.s. government.
we derived 79% of our consolidated net sales from the u.s. government in 2014, including 59% from the department of defense. we expect to continue to derive most of our sales from work performed under u.s. government contracts. those contracts are conditioned upon the continuing availability of congressional appropriations. congress usually appropriates funds on a fiscal-year basis even though contract performance may extend over many years. consequently, contracts are often partially funded initially and additional funds are committed only as congress makes further appropriations. if we incur costs in excess of funds obligated on a contract, we may be at risk for reimbursement of those costs unless and until additional funds are obligated to the contract.
the programs in which we participate must compete with other programs and policy imperatives for consideration during the budget and appropriation process. concerns about increased deficit spending, along with ongoing economic challenges, continue to place pressure on u.s. government budgets. while we believe that our programs are well aligned with national defense and other priorities, shifts in the u.s. and international spending and tax policy, changes in security, defense and intelligence priorities, the affordability of our products and services, general economic conditions and developments and other factors may affect a decision to fund or the level of funding for existing or proposed programs.
as discussed within the "industry considerations" in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, the u.s. government continues to face significant deficit reduction pressures and it is likely that discretionary spending by the u.s. government will remain constrained for a number of years. under such conditions, large or complex programs, which consist of multiple contracts and phases, are potentially subject to increased scrutiny. our largest program, the f-35, represented 17% of our total consolidated net sales in 2014 and is expected to represent a higher percentage of our sales in future years. a decision to cut spending or reduce planned orders could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. for more information regarding the f-35 program, see "status of the f-35 program" in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
based upon our diverse range of defense, homeland security and information technology products and services, we believe that this makes it less likely that cuts in any specific contract or program will have a long-term effect on our business. however, termination of multiple or large programs or contracts could adversely affect our business and future financial performance. we could incur expenses beyond those that would be reimbursed if one or more of our existing contracts were terminated for convenience due to lack of funding or other reasons. potential changes in funding priorities may afford new or additional opportunities for our businesses in terms of existing, follow-on or replacement programs. while we would expect to compete and be well positioned as the incumbent on existing programs, we may not be successful or the replacement programs may be funded at lower levels.
generally, we expect that the impact of budget reductions on our operating results will lag in certain of our businesses with longer cycles such as our aeronautics and space systems business segments and in our products businesses within our missiles and fire control (mfc) and mission systems and training (mst) business segments due to our production contract backlog. however, our businesses with smaller, short-term contracts are the most susceptible to the impacts of budget reductions, such as our information systems & global solutions (is&gs) business segment and certain services businesses within our mfc and mst business segments. we have also experienced increased market pressures in these services businesses including lower in-theater support as troop levels are drawn down and increased re-competition on existing contracts coupled with the fragmentation of large contracts into multiple smaller contracts that are awarded primarily on the basis of price. additionally, our services businesses across most of our business segments have experienced lower volume due to improved product field performance that require less service support.
on december 16, 2014, the u.s. government passed the government fiscal year (gfy) 2015 omnibus spending bill to finance most federal activities through september 30, 2015, the end of its current fiscal year, after operating under continuing resolution temporary funding measures from october 1, 2014 to december 16, 2014. currently, the department of homeland security remains funded through a continuing resolution until february 27, 2015. the omnibus spending bill provides for a revised defense spending limit of $585 billion for gfy 2015 and eliminates much of the uncertainty and inefficiency in procuring products and services under the continuing resolution. under continuing resolutions, partial-year funding is available at prior year levels, subject to certain restrictions, but new spending initiatives are not authorized. in years when the u.s. government does not complete its budget process before the end of its fiscal year, government operations typically are funded through a continuing resolution that authorizes agencies of the u.s. government to continue to operate, but does not authorize new spending initiatives. when the u.s. government operates under a continuing resolution, delays can occur in contract awards due to lack of funding. historically, this has not had a material effect on our business. should a continuing resolution be used to fund u.s. government operations after gfy 2015 or decisions regarding sequestration remain pending, it may cause additional government contract awards to be delayed, canceled or funded at lower levels and cause our results of operations to vary between periods. in some circumstances, we may continue to work without funding and use our funds in order to meet our customer's desired delivery dates for products or services. such funds could be at risk if the u.s. government does not provide authorization and additional funding to our programs.
we are subject to a number of procurement laws and regulations. our business and our reputation could be adversely affected if we fail to comply with these laws.
we must comply with and are affected by laws and regulations relating to the award, administration and performance of u.s. government contracts. government contract laws and regulations affect how we do business with our customers and impose certain risks and costs on our business. a violation of specific laws and regulations could harm our reputation and result in the imposition of fines and penalties, the termination of our contracts, suspension or debarment from bidding on or being awarded contracts, loss of our ability to export products or services and civil or criminal investigations or proceedings.
in some instances, these laws and regulations impose terms or rights that are different from those typically found in commercial transactions. for example, the u.s. government may terminate any of our government contracts and subcontracts either at its convenience or for default based on our performance. upon termination for convenience of a fixed-price type contract, we normally are entitled to receive the purchase price for delivered items, reimbursement for allowable costs for work-in-process and an allowance for profit on the contract or adjustment for loss if completion of performance would have resulted in a loss.
upon termination for convenience of a cost-reimbursable contract, we normally are entitled to reimbursement of allowable costs plus a portion of the fee. allowable costs would include our cost to terminate agreements with our suppliers and subcontractors. the amount of the fee recovered, if any, is related to the portion of the work accomplished prior to termination and is determined by negotiation. we attempt to ensure that adequate funds are available by notifying the customer when its estimated costs, including those associated with a possible termination for convenience, approach levels specified as being allotted to its programs. as funds are typically appropriated on a fiscal-year basis and as the costs of a termination for convenience may exceed the costs of continuing a program in a given fiscal year, occasionally programs do not have sufficient funds appropriated to cover the termination costs were the government to terminate them for convenience. under such circumstances, the u.s. government could assert that it is not required to appropriate additional funding.
a termination arising out of our default may expose us to liability and have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. in addition, on those contracts for which we are teamed with others and are not the prime contractor, the u.s. government could terminate a prime contract under which we are a subcontractor, notwithstanding the quality of our services as a subcontractor. in the case of termination for default, the u.s. government could make claims to reduce the contract value or recover its procurement costs and could assess other special penalties. however, under such circumstances we have rights and remedial actions under laws and the federal acquisition regulation (far).
in addition, certain of our u.s. government contracts span one or more base years and multiple option years. the u.s. government generally has the right not to exercise option periods and may not exercise an option period for various reasons. however, the u.s. government may exercise option periods, even for contracts for which it is expected that our costs may exceed the contract price or ceiling.
u.s. government agencies, including the defense contract audit agency, the defense contract management agency and various agency inspectors general, routinely audit and investigate government contractors. these agencies review a contractor's performance under its contracts, its cost structure, its business systems and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards. any costs found to be misclassified may be subject to repayment. we have unaudited and/or unsettled incurred cost claims related to past years, which places risk on our ability to issue final billings on contracts for which authorized and appropriated funds may be expiring.
certain deficiencies identified during government audits of contractor business systems may result in the government withholding payments on our billings. such deficiencies have not impacted our internal control over financial reporting. withholding payments on billings are capped at 5% of billings when deficiencies impact a single business system and 10% when deficiencies impact multiple systems. such withholdings are typically reduced to 2% after the contractor's corrective action plan has been accepted and progress to implement the corrective actions has been demonstrated and are withdrawn upon satisfactory completion and verification of the corrective action plan.
if an audit or investigation uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including reductions of the value of contracts, contract modifications or terminations, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, penalties, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the u.s. government. in addition, we could suffer serious reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us. similar government oversight exists in most other countries where we conduct business.
our profitability and cash flow may vary based on the mix of our contracts and programs, our performance, our ability to control costs and evolving u.s. government procurement policies.
our profitability and cash flow may vary materially depending on the types of long-term government contracts undertaken, the nature of the products produced or services performed under those contracts, the costs incurred in performing the work, the achievement of other performance objectives and the stage of performance at which the right to receive fees is determined, particularly under award and incentive-fee contracts.
our backlog includes a variety of contract types which are intended to address changing risk and reward profiles as a program matures. contract types include cost-reimbursable, fixed-price incentive-fee, fixed-price and time-and-materials contracts. contracts for development programs with complex design and technical challenges are typically cost-reimbursable. under cost-reimbursable contracts, we are reimbursed for allowable costs and paid a fee, which may be fixed or performance-based. in these cases, the associated financial risks primarily relate to a reduction in fees and the program could be cancelled if cost, schedule or technical performance issues arise.
other contracts in backlog are for the transition from development to production (e.g., low-rate initial production (lrip) contracts), which includes the challenge of starting and stabilizing a manufacturing production and test line while the final design is being validated. these generally are cost-reimbursable or fixed-price incentive-fee contracts. under a fixed-price incentive-fee contract, the allowable costs incurred are eligible for reimbursement, but are subject to a cost-share arrangement, which affects profitability. generally, if our costs exceed the contract target cost or are not allowable under the applicable regulations, we may not be able to obtain reimbursement for all costs and may have our fees reduced or eliminated.
there are also contracts for production as well as operations and maintenance of the delivered products that have the challenge of achieving a stable production and delivery rate, while maintaining operability of the product after delivery. these contracts are mainly fixed-price, although some operations and maintenance contracts are time-and-materials type. under fixed-price contracts, we receive a fixed price regardless of the actual costs we incur. we have to absorb any costs in excess of the fixed price. under time-and-materials contracts, we are paid for labor at negotiated hourly billing rates and for certain expenses.
the failure to perform to customer expectations and contract requirements may result in reduced fees or losses and affect our financial performance in that period. under each type of contract, if we are unable to control costs, our operating results could be adversely affected, particularly if we are unable to justify an increase in contract value to our customers. cost overruns or the failure to perform on existing programs also may adversely affect our ability to retain existing programs and win future contract awards.
the u.s. government is currently pursuing and implementing policies that could negatively impact our profitability. changes in procurement policy favoring more incentive-based fee arrangements, different award fee criteria or government contract negotiation offers that indicate what our costs should be may affect the predictability of our profit rates. our customers are subject to pressures that may result in a change in contract types referenced above earlier in a program's maturity than is traditional. an example of this is the use of fixed-price incentive-fee contracts for recent lrip contracts on the f-35 program while the development contract is being performed concurrently. our customers also may pursue non- traditional contract provisions in negotiation of contracts. for example, changes resulting from the f-35 development contract may need to be implemented on the production contracts, a concept referred to as concurrency, which may require us to pay for a portion of the concurrency costs. an example of customer budget pressures includes the u.s. government requiring that bid and proposal costs be included in general and administrative costs, rather than charged directly to contracts in certain circumstances.
other policies could negatively impact our working capital and cash flow. for example, the government has expressed a preference for requiring progress payments rather than performance based payments on new fixed-price contracts, which if implemented, delays our ability to recover a significant amount of costs incurred on a contract and thus affects the timing of our cash flows.
increased competition and bid protests in a budget-constrained environment may make it more difficult to maintain our financial performance and customer relationships.
we are facing increased competition, particularly in information technology and cyber security at our is&gs business segment, from non-traditional competitors outside of the aerospace and defense industry, in addition to our customers determining to source work internally rather than hiring a contractor. at the same time, our customers are facing budget constraints, trying to do more with less by cutting costs, identifying more affordable solutions and reducing product development cycles. we have also experienced increased market pressures in our services businesses due to the fragmentation of large contracts into multiple smaller contracts that are awarded primarily on the basis of price. it is critical we maintain strong customer relationships and seek to understand the priorities of their requirements in this price competitive environment.
in international sales, we face substantial competition from both u.s. manufacturers and international manufacturers whose governments sometimes provide research and development assistance, marketing subsidies and other assistance for their products. additionally, our competitors are also focusing on increasing their international sales to partially mitigate the effect of reduced u.s. government budgets. to remain competitive, we consistently must maintain strong customer relationships and provide superior performance, advanced technology solutions and service at an affordable cost and with the agility that our customers require to satisfy their mission objectives.
as a leader in defense and global security, we have a large number of programs for which we are the incumbent contractor. a substantial portion of our business is awarded through competitive bidding. the u.s. government increasingly has relied upon competitive contract award types, including indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity, gsa schedule and other multi-award contracts, which has the potential to create pricing pressure and increase our cost by requiring that we submit multiple bids and proposals. in addition, multi-award contracts require that we make sustained efforts to obtain task orders under the contract. the competitive bidding process entails substantial costs and managerial time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may not be awarded to us or may be split among competitors. following award, we may encounter significant expenses, delays, contract modifications or bid protests from unsuccessful bidders on new program awards. unsuccessful bidders are more frequently protesting in the hope of being awarded a subcontract for a portion of the work in return for withdrawing the protest. bid protests could result in significant expenses to us, contract modifications or even loss of the contract award. even where a bid protest does not result in the loss of a contract award, the resolution can extend the time until the contract activity can begin and, therefore, delay our recognizing sales.
we are the prime contractor on most of our contracts and if our subcontractors, suppliers or teaming agreement or venture partners fail to perform their obligations, our performance and our ability to win future business could be harmed.
for most of our contracts we rely on other companies to provide materials, major components and products and to perform a portion of the services that we provide to our customers. such arrangements may involve subcontracts, teaming arrangements, ventures or supply agreements with other companies upon which we rely (contracting parties). there is a risk that we may have disputes with our contracting parties, including disputes regarding the quality and timeliness of work performed, the workshare provided to that party, customer concerns about the other party's performance, our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders, or our hiring of the personnel of a subcontractor, teammate or venture partner or vice versa. in addition, changes in the economic environment, including defense budgets and constraints on available financing, may adversely affect the financial stability of our contracting parties and their ability to meet their performance requirements or to provide needed supplies on a timely basis. a failure for whatever reason by one or more of our contracting parties to provide the agreed-upon supplies or perform the agreed-upon services on a timely basis may affect our ability to perform our obligations and require that we transition the work to other companies. for example, on february 5, 2015, one of our suppliers experienced a fire in its factory which produces propellers for our c-130j aircraft. that supplier is the sole source of these propellers. we are working with that supplier to assess whether the supplier will be able to meet its commitments to us and the potential disruption if it is not. contracting party performance deficiencies may affect our operating results and could result in a customer terminating our contract for default or convenience. a default termination could expose us to liability and affect our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. additionally, our efforts to increase the efficiency of our operations and improve the affordability of our products and services could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain suppliers.
in 2014, 20% of our net sales were from international customers. we have a strategy to grow international sales over the next several years, inclusive of sales of f-35 aircraft to our international partners and other countries. international sales are subject to numerous political and economic factors, regulatory requirements, significant competition and other risks associated with doing business in foreign countries. our exposure to such risks may increase if our international sales grow as we anticipate.
our international business is conducted through foreign military sales (fms) contracted through the u.s. government or direct commercial sales (dcs) with international customers. in 2014, approximately half of our sales to international customers were fms while the other half were dcs. these transaction types differ as fms transactions represent sales by the u.s. government to international governments and our contract with the u.s. government is subject to far. by contrast, dcs transactions represent sales by us directly to another international government or commercial customer. all sales to international customers are subject to u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, including, without limitation, regulations relating to anti-corruption, import-export control, technology transfer restrictions, taxation, repatriation of earnings, exchange controls, the foreign corrupt practices act and other anti-corruption laws and the anti-boycott provisions of the u.s. export administration act. we frequently team with international subcontractors and suppliers who are also exposed to similar risks. while we have stringent policies in place to comply with such laws and regulations, failure by us, our employees or others working on our behalf to comply with these laws and regulations could result in administrative, civil or criminal liabilities, including suspension, proposed debarment or debarment from bidding for or performing government contracts or suspension of our export privileges, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
while international sales, whether contracted as fms or dcs, present risks that are different and potentially greater than those encountered in our u.s. business, dcs with international customers may impose even greater risks as such transactions involve commercial relationships with parties with whom we have less familiarity and where there may be significant cultural differences. additionally, international procurement rules and regulations, contract laws and regulations and contractual terms differ from those in the u.s., are less familiar to us, may be interpreted by foreign courts less bound by precedent and with more discretion and frequently have terms less favorable to us than the far. export and import, tax and currency risk also may be increased for dcs with international customers. while these risks are potentially greater than those encountered in our u.s. business, the pricing of our products and services is commensurate with the risk profile on dcs with international customers.
our international business is highly sensitive to changes in regulations, political environments or security risks that may affect our ability to conduct business outside of the u.s., including those regarding investment, procurement, taxation and repatriation of earnings. our international business also may be impacted by changes in foreign national priorities, foreign government budgets and global economic conditions and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. sales of military products are also affected by defense budgets and u.s. foreign policy. additionally, the timing of orders from our international customers can be less predictable than for our u.s. customers and may lead to fluctuations in the amount reported each year for our international sales.
in conjunction with defense procurements, some international customers require contractors to comply with industrial cooperation regulations, including entering into industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes referred to as offset agreements. offset agreements may require in-country purchases, technology transfers, local manufacturing support, investments in foreign joint ventures and financial support projects as an incentive or as a condition to a contract award. in some countries, these offset agreements may require the establishment of a venture with a local company, which must control the venture. the costs to satisfy our offset obligations are included in the estimates of our total costs to complete the contract and may impact our profitability and cash flows. the ability to recover investments that we make is generally dependent upon the successful operation of ventures that we do not control and may involve products and services that are dissimilar to our business activities. in these and other situations, we could be liable for violations of law for actions taken by these entities such as laws related to anti-corruption, import and export and anti-boycott restrictions. offset agreements generally extend over several years and may provide for penalties, which are subject to change, in the event we fail to perform in accordance with the offset requirements which are typically subjective and can be outside our control.
our business involves significant risks and uncertainties that may not be covered by indemnity or insurance.
a significant portion of our business relates to designing, developing and manufacturing advanced defense and technology products and systems. new technologies may be untested or unproven. failure of some of these products and services could result in extensive loss of life or property damage. accordingly, we also may incur liabilities that are unique to our products and services, including combat and air mobility aircraft, missile and space systems, command and control systems, air traffic control management systems, cyber security, homeland security and training programs. in some but not all circumstances, we may be entitled to certain legal protections or indemnifications from our customers, either through u.s. government indemnifications under public law 85-804, qualification of our products and services by the department of homeland security under the safety act provisions of the homeland security act of 2002, contractual provisions or otherwise. we endeavor to obtain insurance coverage from established insurance carriers to cover these risks and liabilities. the amount of insurance coverage that we maintain may not be adequate to cover all claims or liabilities, existing coverage may be cancelled while we remain exposed to the risk, and it is not possible to obtain insurance to protect against all operational risks and liabilities. for example, we are limited in the amount of insurance we can obtain to cover certain natural hazards such as earthquakes and we have significant operations in geographic areas prone to this risk, such as sunnyvale, california. even if insurance coverage is available, we may not be able to obtain it at a price or on terms acceptable to us. additionally, disputes with insurance carriers over coverage terms or the insolvency of one or more of our insurance carriers may significantly affect the amount or timing of our cash flows.
substantial costs resulting from an accident, failure of or defect in our products or services, natural catastrophe or other incident, or liability arising from our products and services in excess of any legal protection, indemnity and our insurance coverage (or for which indemnity or insurance is not available or not obtained) could adversely impact our financial condition, cash flows or operating results. any accident or failure of or defect in our products or services, even if fully indemnified or insured, could negatively affect our reputation among our customers and the public and make it more difficult for us to compete effectively. it also could affect the cost and availability of adequate insurance in the future.
pension funding and costs are dependent on several economic assumptions which if changed may cause our future earnings and cash flow to fluctuate significantly as well as affect the affordability of our products and services.
many of our employees are covered by defined benefit pension plans and we provide certain health care and life insurance benefits to eligible retirees. the impact of these plans on our u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) earnings may be volatile in that the amount of expense we record for our postretirement benefit plans may materially change from year to year because those calculations are sensitive to funding levels as well as changes in several key economic assumptions, including interest rates, rates of return on plan assets and other actuarial assumptions including participant longevity (also known as mortality) estimates, expected rates of increase in future compensation levels through december 31, 2015 for our non-union plans, and employee turnover, as well as the timing of cash funding. changes in these factors also affect our plan funding, cash flow and stockholders' equity. in addition, the funding of our plans and recovery of costs on our contracts, as described below, also may be subject to changes caused by legislative or regulatory actions. we have taken certain actions over the last few years to mitigate the volatility the plans may have on our cash flows and earnings, including amendments made in june 2014 to certain of our qualified and nonqualified defined benefit pension plans for non-union employees to freeze future retirement benefits. however, the impact of these actions may be less than anticipated or may be offset by other pension cost increases due to factors such as changes in actuarial assumptions.
with regard to cash flow, in the past few years we have made substantial cash contributions to our plans in excess of the amounts required by the employee retirement income security act of 1974 (erisa), as amended by the pension protection act of 2006 (ppa). we generally are able to recover these contributions related to our plans as allowable costs on our u.s. government contracts, including fms, but there is a lag between when we contribute cash to our plans under pension funding rules and recover it under u.s. government cost accounting standards (cas). effective february 2012, the cas rules were revised to harmonize the measurement and period assignment of the pension cost allocable to government contracts with the ppa (cas harmonization). in 2013, the cost impact of cas harmonization started being phased in with the goal of better aligning the cas pension cost and erisa funding requirements being fully achieved in 2017. the enactment of the highway and transportation funding act of 2014 increased the interest rate assumption used to determine our cas pension costs, which has the effect of lowering the recovery of pension contributions during the affected periods as it decreases our cas pension costs.
for more information on how these factors could impact earnings, financial position, cash flow and stockholders' equity, see "critical accounting policies – postretirement benefit plans" in management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations and "note 9 – postretirement plans" of our consolidated financial statements.
if we fail to manage acquisitions, divestitures, equity investments and other transactions successfully, our financial results, business and future prospects could be harmed.
in pursuing our business strategy, we routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, ventures and equity investments. we seek to identify acquisition or investment opportunities that will expand or complement our existing products and services or customer base, at attractive valuations. we often compete with others for the same opportunities. to be successful, we must conduct due diligence to identify valuation issues and potential loss contingencies, negotiate transaction terms, complete and close complex transactions, integrate acquired companies and employees and realize anticipated operating synergies efficiently and effectively. acquisition, divestiture, venture and investment transactions often require substantial management resources and have the potential to divert our attention from our existing business. unidentified pre-closing liabilities could affect our future financial results, particularly successor liability under anti-corruption, import-export and technology transfer laws which provide for civil and criminal penalties and the potential for debarment.
ventures or equity investments operate under shared control with other parties. under the equity method of accounting for nonconsolidated ventures and investments, we recognize our share of the operating profit of these ventures in our results of operations. our operating results may be affected by the performance of businesses over which we do not exercise control and which face many of the same risks and uncertainties as we do. the most significant impact of our equity investments is in our space systems business segment where approximately 27% of its 2014 operating profit was derived from its share of earnings from equity method investees, particularly that in united launch alliance (ula).
our ula investment may be negatively impacted by a provision in the national defense authorization act for fiscal year 2015 (ndaa) which prevents the secretary of defense from awarding or renewing contracts for evolved expendable launch vehicle services after december 19, 2014 which utilize a rocket engine designed or manufactured in the russian federation. ula uses the russian-made rd-180 engine for its atlas v launch vehicle. ula's current block buy contract with the air force, which provides for launch vehicle services through 2017 (with options through 2019), is exempted from the ndaa prohibition, as are contracts that utilize russian engines that were paid for or covered by a legally binding commitment prior to february 1, 2014. lockheed martin does not anticipate any impact on the carrying value of its equity investment in ula in 2015 as a consequence of the ndaa prohibition. ula is currently evaluating domestic engine alternatives for its atlas v launch vehicle and we will monitor the situation for potential impacts on our space systems business segment after 2015.
our business could be negatively affected by cyber or other security threats or other disruptions.
as a u.s. defense contractor, we face cyber threats, insider threats, threats to the physical security of our facilities and employees and terrorist acts, as well as the potential for business disruptions associated with information technology failures, natural disasters or public health crises.
we routinely experience cyber security threats, threats to our information technology infrastructure and unauthorized attempts to gain access to our company sensitive information, as do our customers, suppliers, subcontractors and venture partners. we may experience similar security threats at customer sites that we operate and manage as a contractual requirement.
prior cyberattacks directed at us have not had a material impact on our financial results and we believe our threat detection and mitigation processes and procedures are adequate. the threats we face vary from attacks common to most industries to more advanced and persistent, highly organized adversaries who target us because we protect national security information. if we are unable to protect sensitive information, our customers or governmental authorities could question the adequacy of our threat mitigation and detection processes and procedures. due to the evolving nature of these security threats, however, the impact of any future incident cannot be predicted.
although we work cooperatively with our customers, suppliers, subcontractors, venture partners and acquisitions to seek to minimize the impact of cyber threats, other security threats or business disruptions, we must rely on the safeguards put in place by these entities, which may affect the security of our information. these entities have varying levels of cyber security expertise and safeguards and their relationships with government contractors, such as lockheed martin, may increase the likelihood that they are targeted by the same cyber threats we face.
the costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. additionally, some cyber technologies we develop under contract for our customers, particularly those related to homeland security, may raise potential liabilities related to intellectual property and civil liberties, including privacy concerns, which may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. occurrence of any of these events could adversely affect our internal operations, the services we provide to our customers, our future financial results, our reputation or our stock price; or such events could result in the loss of competitive advantages derived from our research and development efforts or other intellectual property, early obsolescence of our products and services or contractual penalties.
environmental costs could affect our future earnings as well as the affordability of our products and services.
our operations are subject to and affected by a variety of federal, state, local and foreign environmental protection laws and regulations. we are involved in environmental responses at some of our facilities and former facilities and at third-party sites not owned by us where we have been designated a potentially responsible party by the u.s. environmental protection agency or by a state agency. in addition, we could be affected by future regulations imposed in response to concerns over climate change, other aspects of the environment or natural resources. we have an ongoing comprehensive sustainability program to reduce the effects of our operations on the environment.
we manage various government-owned facilities on behalf of the government. at such facilities, environmental compliance and remediation costs historically have been the responsibility of the government and we have relied, and continue to rely with respect to past practices, upon government funding to pay such costs. although the government remains responsible for capital and operating costs associated with environmental compliance, responsibility for fines and penalties associated with environmental noncompliance typically are borne by either the government or the contractor, depending on the contract and the relevant facts. some environmental laws include criminal provisions. an environmental law conviction could affect our ability to be awarded future, or perform existing, u.s. government contracts.
we have incurred and will continue to incur liabilities under various federal, state, local and foreign statutes for environmental protection and remediation. the extent of our financial exposure cannot in all cases be reasonably estimated at this time. among the variables management must assess in evaluating costs associated with these cases and remediation sites generally are the status of site assessment, extent of the contamination, impacts on natural resources, changing cost estimates, evolution of technologies used to remediate the site and continually evolving governmental environmental standards and cost allowability issues. for information regarding these matters, including current estimates of the amounts that we believe are required for remediation or cleanup to the extent probable and estimable, see "critical accounting policies – environmental matters" in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and "note 12 – legal proceedings, commitments and contingencies" of our consolidated financial statements.
we are involved in a number of legal proceedings. we cannot predict the outcome of litigation and other contingencies with certainty.
our business may be adversely affected by the outcome of legal proceedings and other contingencies that cannot be predicted with certainty. as required by gaap, we estimate loss contingencies and establish reserves based on our assessment of contingencies where liability is deemed probable and reasonably estimable in light of the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time. subsequent developments in legal proceedings may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a liability or as a reserve against assets in our financial statements. for a description of our current legal proceedings, see item 3 – legal proceedings and "note 12 – legal proceedings, commitments and contingencies" of our consolidated financial statements.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a qualified workforce.
due to the specialized nature of our business, our future performance is highly dependent upon our ability to maintain a workforce with the requisite skills in multiple areas including: engineering, science, manufacturing, information technology, cyber security, business development and strategy and management. our operating performance is also dependent upon personnel who hold security clearances and receive substantial training in order to work on certain programs or tasks. additionally, as we expand our operations internationally, it will be increasingly important to hire and retain personnel with relevant experience in local laws, regulations, customs, traditions and business practices.
we face a number of challenges that may affect personnel retention such as our endeavors to increase the efficiency of our operations and improve the affordability of our products and services such as workforce reductions and consolidating and relocating certain operations. additionally, our workforce demographic continues to shift toward a higher population that is nearing retirement. in june 2014, we amended certain of our defined benefit pension plans for non-union employees to freeze future retirement benefits, which may encourage retirement-eligible personnel to elect to retire earlier than anticipated.
to the extent that we lose experienced personnel, it is critical that we develop other employees, hire new qualified personnel, and successfully manage the transfer of critical knowledge. competition for personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in hiring or retaining personnel with the requisite skills or clearances. we increasingly compete with commercial technology companies outside of the aerospace and defense industry for qualified technical, cyber and scientific positions as the number of qualified domestic engineers is decreasing and the number of cyber professionals is not keeping up with demand. to the extent that these companies grow at a faster rate or face fewer cost and product pricing constraints, they may be able to offer more attractive compensation and other benefits to candidates or our existing employees. to the extent that the demand for skilled personnel exceeds supply, we could experience higher labor, recruiting or training costs in order to attract and retain such employees, or could experience difficulty in performing our contracts if we were unable to do so. we also must manage leadership development and succession planning throughout our business. while we have processes in place for management transition and the transfer of knowledge, the loss of key personnel, coupled with an inability to adequately train other personnel, hire new personnel or transfer knowledge could significantly impact our ability to perform under our contracts.
approximately 15% of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with various unions. historically, where employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with various unions, we have been successful in negotiating renewals to expiring agreements without any material disruption of operating activities. this does not assure, however, that we will be successful in our efforts to negotiate renewals of our existing collective bargaining agreements in the future. if we encounter difficulties with renegotiations or renewals of collective bargaining arrangements or were unsuccessful in those efforts, we could incur additional costs and experience work stoppages. union actions at suppliers can also affect us. any delays or work stoppages could adversely affect our ability to perform under our contracts, which could negatively impact our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition.
the accounting for some of our most significant activities is based on judgments and estimates, which are complex and subject to many variables. for example, accounting for sales using the percentage-of-completion method requires that we assess risks and make assumptions regarding schedule, cost, technical and performance issues for each of our thousands of contracts, many of which are long-term in nature. another example is the $10.9 billion of goodwill assets recorded on our balance sheet as of december 31, 2014 from previous acquisitions that were made over time which represent greater than 25% of our total assets and are subject to annual impairment testing and more frequent testing upon the occurrence of certain events or significant changes in circumstances that indicate goodwill may be impaired. if we experience changes or factors arise that negatively affect the expected cash flows of a reporting unit, we may be required to write off all or a portion of the reporting unit's related goodwill assets.
changes in u.s. or foreign tax laws, including possibly with retroactive effect, and audits by tax authorities could result in unanticipated increases in our tax expense and affect profitability and cash flows. for example, proposals to lower the u.s. corporate income tax rate would require us to reduce our net deferred tax assets upon enactment of the related tax legislation, with a corresponding material, one-time increase to income tax expense, but our income tax expense and payments would be materially reduced in subsequent years.
actual financial results could differ from our judgments and estimates. refer to "critical accounting policies" in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and "note 1 – significant accounting policies" of our consolidated financial statements for a complete discussion of our significant accounting policies and use of estimates.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
business overview we are a global security and aerospace company principally engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products and services. we also provide a broad range of management, engineering, technical, scientific, logistics and information services. we serve both u.s. and international customers with products and services that have defense, civil and commercial applications, with our principal customers being agencies of the u.s. government. in 2014, 79% of our $45.6 billion in net sales were from the u.s. government, either as a prime contractor or as a subcontractor (including 59% from the department of defense (dod)), 20% were from international customers (including foreign military sales (fms) contracted through the u.s. government) and 1% were from u.s. commercial and other customers. our main areas of focus are in defense, space, intelligence, homeland security and information technology, including cyber security.
we operate in five business segments: aeronautics, information systems & global solutions (is&gs), missiles and fire control (mfc), mission systems and training (mst) and space systems. we organize our business segments based on the nature of the products and services offered.
we operate in an environment characterized by both increasing complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the u.s. and globally. a significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our u.s. and international customers at affordable prices. recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales. we continue to focus on affordability initiatives. we also expect to continue to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed without limiting our ability to return substantially all of our free cash flow1 to our investors in the form of dividends and share repurchases over the next three years.
we expect 2015 net sales will decline in the low single digit range from 2014 levels as we continue to see downward pressure from the effects of u.s. government budget reductions, primarily in our services businesses. we expect our 2015 segment operating profit will decline in the mid to high single digit range from 2014 levels due to an expected decrease in segment operating profit at all five business segments. accordingly, we expect 2015 segment operating profit margin will be below the 2014 levels, in the 11.5% to 12.0% range. our outlook for 2015 assumes the u.s. government continues to support and fund our key programs, consistent with the government fiscal year (gfy) 2015 budget. changes in circumstances may require us to revise our assumptions, which could materially change our current estimate of 2015 net sales and operating profit margin. for additional information related to trends in net sales and operating profit at our business segments, see the "business segment results of operations" section below.
industry considerations u.s. government funding constraints the u.s. government, our principal customer, continues to face significant fiscal and economic challenges such as financial deficits, budget uncertainty, increasing debt levels, and an economy with restrained growth. to address these challenges, the u.s. government continues to focus on discretionary spending, entitlement programs, taxes, and other initiatives to stimulate the economy, create jobs, and reduce the deficit. in doing so, the administration and congress must balance decisions regarding defense, homeland security, and other federal spending priorities in a constrained fiscal environment largely imposed by the budget control act of 2011 (budget control act). the budget control act established limits on discretionary spending, which provided for reductions to planned defense spending of $487 billion over a 10 year period that began with gfy 2012 (a u.s. government fiscal year starts on october 1 and ends on september 30). the budget control act also provided for additional automatic spending reductions, known as sequestration, which went into effect on march 1, 2013, that would have reduced planned defense spending by an additional $500 billion over a nine-year period that began in gfy 2013.
in december 2013, the u.s. government enacted the bipartisan budget act of 2013 (bipartisan budget act), which increased the limits on discretionary spending for gfy 2015 among other fiscal changes. although the bipartisan budget
1 we define free cash flow as cash from operations as determined under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap), less capital expenditures as presented on our statements of cash flows.
act allows for more certainty in the budget planning process for gfy 2015, it retained sequestration cuts for gfys 2016 through 2021, including the across-the-board spending reduction methodology provided for in the budget control act. as a result, there remains uncertainty regarding how sequestration cuts beyond gfy 2015 will be applied as the dod and other agencies may have significantly less flexibility in how to apply budget cuts in future years. while the defense budget sustained the largest single reductions under the budget control act, other civil agencies and programs have also been impacted by significant spending reductions. in light of the budget control act and deficit reduction pressures, it is likely that discretionary spending by the u.s. government will remain constrained for a number of years.
on december 16, 2014, the u.s. government passed the gfy 2015 omnibus spending bill to finance most federal activities through september 30, 2015, the end of its current fiscal year, after operating under continuing resolution temporary funding measures from october 1, 2014 to december 16, 2014. currently, the department of homeland security remains funded through a continuing resolution until february 27, 2015. the omnibus spending bill provides for a revised defense spending limit of $585 billion for gfy 2015 and eliminated much of the uncertainty and inefficiency in procuring products and services under the continuing resolution. under continuing resolutions, partial-year funding is available at prior year levels, subject to certain restrictions, but new spending initiatives are not authorized.
on february 2, 2015, the president submitted a budget proposal for gfy 2016, which included $534 billion for defense spending, about $35 billion more than the spending limits under the budget control act. the budget also provides for $51 billion in additional war spending. we anticipate there will continue to be a significant debate within the u.s. government over defense spending throughout the budget process for gfy 2016 and beyond. the outcome of these debates could have long-term consequences for our industry and company as described below. however, we continue to believe that our portfolio of products and services will continue to be well supported in a strategically focused allocation of budget resources.
potential impacts of budget reductions while recent budget actions provide a more measured and strategic approach to addressing the u.s. government's fiscal challenges, sequestration remains a long-term concern. if not further modified, sequestration could have significant negative impacts on our industry and company in future periods. there may be disruption of ongoing programs, impacts to our supply chain, contractual actions (including partial or complete terminations), potential facilities closures, and thousands of personnel reductions across the industry that will severely impact advanced manufacturing operations and engineering expertise, and accelerate the loss of skills and knowledge. sequestration, or other budgetary cuts in lieu of sequestration, could have a material negative effect on our company.
despite the continued uncertainty surrounding u.s. government budgets, the investments and acquisitions we have made in recent years have sought to align our businesses with what we believe are the most critical national priorities and mission areas. additionally, we are seeking to lessen our dependence on contracts with the u.s. government by focusing on expanding into adjacent markets close to our core capabilities and growing international sales but we may not be successful in this strategy. the possibility remains, however, that our programs could be materially reduced, extended, or terminated as a result of the u.s. government's continuing assessment of priorities, changes in government priorities, or budget reductions, including sequestration (particularly in those circumstances where sequestration is implemented across-the-board without regard to national priorities). additionally, decreases in production volume associated with budget cuts, including sequestration, will increase unit costs making our products less affordable for both our u.s. and international customers. in particular, sequestration may also result in significant rescheduling or termination activity with our supplier base. such activity could result in claims from our suppliers, which may include the amount established in any settlement agreements, the costs of evaluating the supplier settlement proposals, and the costs of negotiating settlement agreements. budget cuts, including sequestration, could result in restructuring charges, impairment of assets, including goodwill, or other charges. we expect costs associated with claims from our suppliers and restructuring charges will be recovered from our customers.
generally, we expect that the impact of budget reductions on our operating results will lag in certain of our businesses with longer cycles such as our aeronautics and space systems business segments, and our products businesses within our mfc and mst business segments, due to our production contract backlog. however, our businesses with smaller, short-term contracts are the most susceptible to the impacts of budget reductions, such as our is&gs business segment and certain services businesses within our mfc and mst business segments. we have also experienced increased market pressures in these services businesses including lower in-theater support as troop levels are drawn down and increased re-competition on existing contracts coupled with the fragmentation of large contracts into multiple smaller contracts that are awarded primarily on the basis of price. additionally, our services businesses across most of our business segments have experienced lower volume due to improved product field performance that require less service support.
other business considerations international business a key component of our strategic plan is to grow our international sales. to accomplish this growth, we continue to focus on expanding our in-country presence and strengthening our relationships internationally through partnerships and local production joint technology offices. since 2013, we have acquired amor group, a united kingdom-based company, and we have opened new in-country offices including israel, united kingdom, the united arab emirates (uae) and saudi arabia that will enable development of partnerships to create products and enhance our offerings in technology, aerospace and security sectors. we conduct business with international customers primarily through our aeronautics, mfc and mst business segments.
in our aeronautics business segment, there remains strong international interest in the f-35 program. the f-35 program includes commitments from eight international partner countries and three international customers; as well as expressions of interest from other countries. the u.s. government and the eight partner countries continue to work together on the design, testing, production and sustainment of the f-35. the international role on the program is growing as we installed the autonomic logistics information system central point of entry kit at the final assembly and checkout facility in italy. we also delivered the first two australian f-35 aircraft in 2014. the number of f-35 aircraft for international customers in recent low-rate initial production (lrip) contracts continues to increase, with the recent lrip 8 contract including aircraft orders for israel and japan.
other areas of international expansion at our aeronautics business segment include the f-16 and c-130j programs. the award from iraq in 2013 for 18 additional f-16 aircraft extends production into 2017. also, we delivered 11 c-130j super hercules aircraft to various international customers in 2014.
our mfc business segment produces the patriot advanced capability-3 (pac-3) and terminal high altitude area defense (thaad) air and missile defense systems, which continue to generate significant international interest. the pac-3 is an advanced missile defense system designed to intercept incoming airborne threats. during 2014, we received an award to provide pac-3 missile defense equipment to qatar. other international customers include japan, germany, the netherlands, taiwan, kuwait and the uae. other countries in the middle east and the asia-pacific region have also expressed interest in our air and missile defense systems. additionally, we continue to see international demand for our tactical missile and fire control products.
in our mst business segment, we continue to experience international interest in the aegis ballistic missile defense system. we perform activities in the development, production, ship integration and test and lifetime support for ships of international customers such as japan, spain, korea and australia. we have an ongoing program in canada for combat systems equipment upgrades on 13 halifax-class frigates. in our training and logistics solutions portfolio, we have active programs and pursuits in united kingdom, saudi arabia, canada, singapore, qatar, and australia. also, we integrate mission avionics on the mh-60 program for australia and denmark.
status of the f-35 program the f-35 program consists of a development contract and multiple production contracts, including sustainment activities. the development contract is being performed concurrent with the production contracts. concurrent performance of development and production contracts is used for complex programs to test aircraft, shorten the time to field systems, and achieve overall cost savings. we expect the development portion of the f-35 program will be substantially complete in 2017, with less significant efforts continuing into 2019. production of the aircraft is expected to continue for many years given the u.s. government's current inventory objective of 2,443 aircraft for the air force, marine corps, and navy; commitments from our eight international partners and three international customers; as well as expressions of interest from other countries.
the u.s. government continues to complete various operational tests, including ship trials, mission system evaluations, and weapons testing, with the f-35 aircraft fleet recently surpassing 25,000 flight hours. in november 2014, the u.s. government successfully completed testing of the carrier variant at sea aboard the uss nimitz. progress continues to be made on the production of aircraft. as of december 31, 2014, we have delivered 109 production aircraft to our u.s. and international partners including delivery of the final lrip contract 5 aircraft, and have 100 production aircraft in backlog, including orders from our international partners.
given the size and complexity of the f-35 program, we anticipate that there will be continual reviews related to aircraft performance, program schedule, cost, and requirements as part of the dod, congressional, and international partners' oversight and budgeting processes. current program challenges include, but are not limited to, supplier and partner performance, software development, level of cost associated with life cycle operations and sustainment and warranties, receiving funding for production contracts on a timely basis, executing future flight tests, findings resulting from testing, and operating the aircraft.
portfolio shaping activities we continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers. we accomplish this in part by our independent research and development activities and through acquisition, divestiture and internal realignment activities. internal realignments are designed to more fully leverage existing capabilities and enhance development and delivery of products and services.
we selectively pursue the acquisition of businesses and investments at attractive valuations that will expand or complement our current portfolio and allow access to new customers or technologies. we have made a number of niche acquisitions of businesses and investments in affiliates during the past several years. we also may explore the divestiture of businesses. in pursuing our business strategy, we routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, ventures and equity investments.
acquisitions in 2014, we paid $898 million for acquisitions of businesses and investments in affiliates, net of cash acquired, primarily related to the acquisitions of systems made simple, zeta associates, inc. (zeta) and industrial defender, inc. (industrial defender). systems made simple provides solutions that leverage information technology in the healthcare domain to improve, increase, enable and ensure the exchange and interoperability of information between patients, providers and payers and has been included in our is&gs business segment. zeta designs systems that enable collection, processing, safeguarding and dissemination of information for intelligence and defense communities and has been included in our space systems business segment. industrial defender is a provider of cyber security solutions for control systems in the oil and gas, utility and chemical industries and has been included in our is&gs business segment.
in 2013, we paid $269 million for acquisitions of businesses and investments in affiliates, net of cash acquired, primarily related to the acquisition of amor group, a united kingdom-based company specializing in information technology, civil government services and the energy market. this acquisition is aligned with our strategy to grow international sales and has been included in our is&gs business segment.
in 2012, we paid $259 million for acquisitions of businesses and investments in affiliates, net of cash acquired, primarily related to the acquisitions of chandler/may, inc. (chandler/may), cdl systems ltd. (cdl) and procerus technologies, l.c. (procerus). these companies specialize in the design, development, manufacturing, control and support of advanced unmanned systems, which expand our offerings in support of our customers' increased emphasis on advanced unmanned systems and are consistent with our strategy to maintain a portfolio of advanced technology options. these companies are part of our mst business segment where they have been integrated into our portfolio of unmanned systems and technologies to align their product and service offerings to the u.s. army. for additional information, see "note 13 – acquisitions and divestitures" of our consolidated financial statements.
consolidated results of operations since our operating cycle is primarily long term and involves many types of contracts for the design, development and manufacture of products and related activities with varying delivery schedules, the results of operations of a particular year, or year-to-year comparisons of sales and profits, may not be indicative of future operating results. the following discussions of comparative results among years should be reviewed in this context. all per share amounts cited in these discussions are presented on a "per diluted share" basis, unless otherwise noted. our consolidated results of operations were as follows (in millions, except per share data):
gross profit                                                          5,255                   4,187                    4,196
operating profit                                                      5,592                   4,505                    4,434
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes               5,258                   4,155                    4,072
certain amounts reported in other income, net, primarily our share of earnings or losses from equity method investees, are included in the operating profit of our business segments. accordingly, such amounts are included in our discussion of our business segment results of operations.
net sales we generate sales from the delivery of products and services to our customers. product sales are predominantly generated in our aeronautics, mfc, mst and space systems business segments and most of our service sales are generated in our is&gs and mfc business segments. our consolidated net sales were as follows (in millions):
substantially all of our contracts are accounted for using the percentage-of-completion method. under the percentage-of-completion method, we record net sales on contracts based upon our progress towards completion on a particular contract, as well as our estimate of the profit to be earned at completion. the following discussion of material changes in our consolidated net sales should be read in tandem with the following discussion of changes in our consolidated cost of sales and our business segment results of operations because changes in our sales are typically accompanied by a corresponding change in our cost of sales due to the nature of the percentage-of-completion method.
product sales our product sales represent about 80% of our total sales for both 2014 and 2013. product sales increased $402 million, or 1%, in 2014 compared to 2013. higher product sales of about $815 million at aeronautics and approximately $280 million at mfc were partially offset by lower product sales of about $570 million at is&gs and approximately $125 million at space systems. the increase in product sales at aeronautics was attributable to higher volume on f-35 production contracts and sustainment activities, increased aircraft deliveries (f-16 program) and increased risk retirements (f-22 program). product sales at mfc increased as a result of increased volume on air and missile defense systems programs (primarily thaad), and increased deliveries on fire control programs (including the apache fire control system (apache)). lower product sales at is&gs were primarily due to the wind-down or completion of certain programs, driven by reductions in direct warfighter support and defense budgets tied to command and control programs. the decline at space systems was due to lower volume for government satellite programs (primarily advanced extremely high frequency (aehf), global positioning system iii (gps-iii), and mobile user objective system (muos)), partially offset by the orion program due to increased volume (primarily the first unmanned test flight of the orion multi-purpose crew vehicle (mpcv)).
our product sales represent about 80% of our total sales for both 2013 and 2012. product sales decreased $2.1 billion, or 6%, in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily due to lower volume and deliveries. product sales decreased about $915 million at aeronautics primarily due to fewer aircraft deliveries (primarily f-16 and c-130) and lower volume and risk retirements on f-22 due to completion of aircraft deliveries in 2012, partially offset by increased volume and risk retirements on f-35 production contracts and increased aircraft deliveries on the c-5 program; about $750 million at is&gs for various programs due to lower volume (such as next generation identification (ngi) and en route automation modernization (eram) programs); about $440 million at mst due to fewer deliveries (primarily ptds as final surveillance system deliveries occurred during the second quarter of 2012) and lower volume (primarily integrated warfare systems and sensors programs); and about $405 million at space systems due to lower volume (primarily commercial satellites and the orion program) partially offset by increased volume (primarily various government satellite programs). the decreases were partially offset by higher product sales of about $380 million at mfc due to increased volume and risk retirements (primarily thaad and deliveries of pac-3).
service sales our service sales represent about 20% of our total sales for 2014 and 2013. service sales decreased $160 million, or 2%, in 2014 compared to 2013. the decreases were primarily due to lower service sales at mfc of about $355 million due to various technical services programs as a result of decreased volume reflecting market pressures, and lower service sales at aeronautics of about $20 million attributable to decreased sustainment activities. these decreases were partially offset by higher service sales at space systems of about $230 million primarily for commercial space transportation programs due to launch-related activities.
our service sales represent about 20% of our total sales for 2013 and 2012. service sales increased $302 million, or 3%, in 2013 compared to 2012. service sales increased about $270 million at is&gs primarily due to the start-up of certain programs (such as the defense information systems agency – global information grid services management-operations (disa gsm-o) and the national science foundation antarctic support); and about $85 million at aeronautics primarily due to increased sustainment activities (primarily f-16). the increases were partially offset by lower service sales of about $80 million at mfc for various technical services programs due to lower volume, partially offset by various fire control programs (primarily special operations forces contractor logistics support services (sof clss)) due to higher volume. service sales for 2013 were comparable to 2012 at both mst and space systems.
cost of sales cost of sales, for both products and services, consist of materials, labor, subcontracting costs, an allocation of indirect costs (overhead and general and administrative), as well as the costs to fulfill our industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes referred to as offset agreements, required under certain contracts with international customers. for each of our contracts, we monitor the nature and amount of costs at the contract level, which form the basis for estimating our total costs to complete the contract. our consolidated cost of sales were as follows (in millions):
due to the nature of percentage-of-completion accounting, changes in our cost of sales for both products and services are typically accompanied by changes in our net sales. the following discussion of material changes in our consolidated cost of sales for products and services should be read in tandem with the preceding discussion of changes in our consolidated net sales and our business segment results of operations. we have not identified any developing trends in cost of sales for products and services that would have a material impact on our future operations.
product costs product costs increased $619 million, or 2%, in 2014 compared to 2013. product costs increased about $815 million at aeronautics, approximately $320 million at mfc and about $85 million at mst. increases in product costs at aeronautics and mfc were primarily due to the reasons for higher product sales at each respective business segment described above, and net warranty reserve adjustments recorded in 2014 at mfc (including joint air-to-surface standoff missile (jassm), and guided multiple launcher rocker systems (gmlrs)). the increase at mst was primarily due to the settlements of contract cost matters on certain programs in the prior year (including a portion of the terminated presidential helicopter program) that were not repeated in 2014 and higher reserves recorded on certain training and logistics solutions programs during 2014. these increases in product costs were partially offset by decreases of about $475 million at is&gs and $130 million at space systems, primarily due to the reasons for lower product sales at each respective business segment described above. the 0.8% increase in product costs as a percentage of product sales in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to the items increasing product costs at mfc and mst mentioned above, and decreased risk retirements at aeronautics (primarily f-16).
product costs decreased $2.1 billion, or 6%, in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily due to lower volume and deliveries. product costs decreased about $770 million at aeronautics due to fewer aircraft deliveries (primarily f-16 and c-130) and lower volume (primarily f-22), partially offset by increased volume for f-35 production contracts, increased aircraft deliveries and the impact of reducing the profit booking rate in the third quarter of 2013 for the c-5 program and lower risk retirements on various programs (primarily c-130); about $685 million at is&gs for various programs primarily due to decreased volume; about $570 million at mst primarily due to fewer deliveries and net increased risk retirements for the ptds program and various integrated warfare systems and sensors programs and for the favorable resolution of certain contract cost matters (including the terminated presidential helicopter program); and about $315 million at space systems due to lower volume (primarily commercial satellites and the orion program). the decreases were partially offset by higher product costs of about $190 million at mfc due to increased volume (primarily thaad and deliveries of pac-3), partially offset by various other programs due increased risk retirements (primarily fire control programs). the 0.8% decrease in product costs as a percentage of product sales in 2013 compared to 2012 was primarily due to higher risk retirements (primarily at mfc and mst) and the favorable resolution of contractual matters at mst.
service costs service costs decreased $195 million, or 2%, in 2014 compared to 2013. lower service costs of about $325 million at mfc and approximately $40 million at aeronautics were partially offset by an increase in service costs of approximately $225 million at space systems. the decrease at mfc was attributable to lower volume for various technical services programs. the decline at aeronautics was mostly attributable to decreased sustainment activities. the increase at space systems was primarily attributable to commercial space transportation programs due to launch-related activities. the 0.5% decrease in service costs as a percentage of service sales in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to items decreasing service costs at mfc.
service costs increased $205 million, or 2%, in 2013 compared to 2012. most of our service costs are in the is&gs and mfc business segments. the increase in service costs was primarily attributable to higher service costs at our is&gs and aeronautics business segments partially offset by lower service costs at our mfc business segment. service costs increased about $245 million at is&gs primarily due to the start-up of various programs. service costs increased about $40 million at aeronautics primarily due to increased sustainment activities (primarily f-16). service costs decreased about $75 million at mfc primarily due to lower volume of various technical services programs, partially offset by higher volume from various fire control programs (primarily sof clss). the 0.7% decrease in service costs as a percentage of service sales in 2013 compared to 2012 was primarily due to higher risk retirements on sustainment contracts at aeronautics.
goodwill impairment charges in the fourth quarters of 2014 and 2013, we recorded non-cash goodwill impairment charges of $119 million and $195 million, which reduced our net earnings by $107 million ($.33 per share) and $176 million ($.54 per share). for additional information, see the "critical accounting policies – goodwill" section below and "note 1 – significant accounting policies" of our consolidated financial statements.
restructuring charges
2013 actions during 2013, we recorded charges related to certain severance actions totaling $201 million of which $83 million, $37 million and $81 million related to our is&gs, mst and space systems business segments. these charges reduced our net earnings by $130 million ($.40 per share) and primarily related to a plan we committed to in november 2013 to close and consolidate certain facilities and reduce our total workforce by approximately 4,000 positions within our is&gs, mst and space systems business segments. these charges also include $30 million related to certain severance actions at our is&gs business segment that occurred in the first quarter of 2013, which were subsequently paid in 2013.
the november 2013 plan resulted from a strategic review of facility capacity and future workload projections for these businesses and is intended to better align our organization and cost structure and improve the affordability of our products and services given the changes in u.s. government spending as well as the rapidly changing competitive and economic landscape. upon separation, terminated employees receive lump-sum severance payments primarily based on years of service. as of december 31, 2014, we have paid approximately $107 million in severance payments associated with this action, of which approximately $92 million was paid during the year ended december 31, 2014. the remaining severance payments are expected to be paid through the middle of 2015.
we also expect to incur total accelerated costs (e.g., accelerated depreciation expense related to long-lived assets at the sites to be closed) and incremental costs (e.g., relocation of equipment and other employee related costs) of approximately $15 million, $50 million and $175 million at our is&gs, mst and space systems business segments through the completion of this plan in 2015. as of december 31, 2014, we have incurred total accelerated and incremental costs of approximately $110 million, most of which was incurred during the year ended december 31, 2014. the accelerated and incremental costs are recorded as incurred in cost of sales on our statements of earnings and included in the respective business segment's results of operations. we expect to recover a substantial amount of the restructuring charges through the pricing of our products and services to the u.s. government and other customers, with the impact included in the respective business segment's results of operations. of the total accelerated and incremental costs to be incurred mentioned above, we have recovered approximately $50 million in 2014 and expect to recover approximately $50 million in 2015. also, we expect the restructuring charges will reduce our 2015 cash flow from operations by approximately $170 million, mostly due to expected incremental costs in 2015.
2012 actions during 2012, we recorded charges related to certain severance actions totaling $48 million of which $25 million related to our aeronautics business segment and $23 million related to the reorganization of our former electronic systems business segment. these charges reduced our net earnings by $31 million ($.09 per share) and consisted of severance costs associated with the elimination of certain positions through either voluntary or involuntary actions. these severance actions resulted from cost reduction initiatives to better align our organization with changing economic conditions. upon separation, terminated employees received lump-sum severance payments primarily based on years of service, all of which were paid in 2013.
other unallocated, net other unallocated, net primarily includes the fas/cas pension adjustment as described in the business segment results of operations section below, stock-based compensation and other corporate costs. these items are not allocated to the business segments and, therefore, are excluded from the cost of sales for products and services. other unallocated, net was $132 million of income for 2014, compared to $841 million and $1.1 billion of expense in 2013 and 2012.
the fluctuation between each respective period was primarily attributable to the change in the fas/cas pension adjustment to income of $376 million for 2014 compared to expense of $482 million and $830 million for 2013 and 2012, partially offset by fluctuations in other costs associated with various corporate items, none of which were individually significant. the changes in the fas/cas pension adjustment between the periods were attributable to various items impacting the calculations of financial accounting standards (fas) pension expense and u.s. government cost accounting standards (cas) pension cost. fas pension expense in 2014 was less than 2013 and 2012 due to higher discount rates used to calculate our qualified defined benefit obligations and net periodic benefit cost. additionally, beginning in the quarter ended september 28, 2014, fas pension expense was reduced by the june 2014 plan amendments to certain of our defined benefit pension plans to freeze future retirement benefits, partially offset by the impact of using new longevity (also known as mortality) assumptions (note 9). the higher cas pension cost in 2014 compared to 2013 and 2012 reflects the impact of phasing in cas harmonization, partially offset by the effect of higher interest rates required by the highway and transportation funding act of 2014 (hatfa), which was enacted on august 8, 2014. see "critical accounting policies – postretirement benefit plans" for a discussion of hatfa and cas harmonization and the impact on our cas pension cost.
other income, net other income, net primarily includes our share of earnings or losses from equity method investees. other income, net for 2014 was $337 million, compared to $318 million in 2013 and $238 million in 2012. the changes between years primarily were due to fluctuations in earnings from equity method investees in our aeronautics and space systems business segments, as discussed in the "business segment results of operations" section below.
interest expense interest expense for 2014 was $340 million, compared to $350 million in 2013 and $383 million in 2012. the decrease from 2012 to 2013 was primarily attributable to lower interest rates on our outstanding debt from the debt exchange that occurred in december 2012.
other non-operating income, net other non-operating income, net in 2014 was comparable to 2013. other non-operating income, net decreased $21 million from 2012 to 2013 primarily due to a gain from the sale of an investment in 2012.
income tax expense our effective income tax rate from continuing operations was 31.3% for 2014, 29.0% for 2013 and 32.6% for 2012. the rates for all periods benefited from tax deductions for u.s. manufacturing activities, deductions for dividends paid to our defined contribution plans with an employee stock ownership plan feature, and the retroactive reinstatement of the research and development (r&d) tax credit, which were partially offset by the unfavorable impacts of the non-cash goodwill impairment charges in 2014 and 2013.
the u.s. manufacturing deduction benefit for 2014 and 2013 reduced our effective tax rate by approximately two percentage points as compared to 2012. the decrease between years occurred because our tax-deductible discretionary pension contributions of $2.5 billion in 2012, which reduced u.s. manufacturing deduction benefits by $59 million ($.18 per share), were significantly higher than in 2014 and 2013.
in 2014, the r&d tax credit was temporarily reinstated for one year, retroactive to the beginning of 2014, which reduced our effective tax rate by 0.9 percentage point. in 2013, the r&d tax credit was temporarily reinstated for two years, retroactive to the beginning of 2012. as a result, the effective income tax rate for 2013 reflects the credit for all of 2013 and 2012, which reduced our effective tax rate by 1.8 percentage points. since the r&d tax credit again expired on december 31, 2014, this benefit will not be incorporated into the corporation's 2015 outlook or results unless and until legislation is enacted.
a limited amount of the non-cash goodwill impairment charges will be deductible for tax purposes. accordingly, the non-cash goodwill impairment charges increased our effective income tax rates by 0.6 percentage point for 2014 and 1.2 percentage points for 2013 (note 1).
future changes in tax law could significantly impact our provision for income taxes, the amount of taxes payable and our deferred tax asset and liability balances. recent proposals to lower the u.s. corporate income tax rate would require us to reduce our net deferred tax assets upon enactment of new tax legislation, with a corresponding material, one-time, non-cash increase in income tax expense, but our income tax expense and payments would be materially reduced in subsequent years. our net deferred tax assets as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 were $5.5 billion and $3.9 billion, based on a 35% federal statutory income tax rate, and primarily relate to our postretirement benefit plans. if legislation reducing the federal statutory income tax rate to 25% had been enacted at december 31, 2014, our net deferred tax assets would have been reduced by $1.6 billion and we would have recorded a corresponding one-time, non-cash increase in income tax expense of $1.6 billion. this additional expense would be less if the legislation phased in the tax rate reduction or if the final rate was higher than 25%. the amount of net deferred tax assets will change periodically based on several factors, including the measurement of our postretirement benefit plan obligations and actual cash contributions to our postretirement benefit plans.
net earnings from continuing operations we reported net earnings from continuing operations of $3.6 billion ($11.21 per share) in 2014, $3.0 billion ($9.04 per share) in 2013 and $2.7 billion ($8.36 per share) in 2012. both net earnings from continuing operations and earnings per share were affected by the factors mentioned above. earnings per share also benefited from a net decrease of approximately five million common shares outstanding from december 31, 2013 to december 31, 2014 as a result of share repurchases, which were partially offset by share issuance under our stock-based awards and certain defined contribution plans.
net earnings from discontinued operations net earnings from discontinued operations for 2013 include a benefit of $31 million resulting from the resolution of certain tax matters related to a business sold prior to 2013.
business segment results of operations we operate in five business segments: aeronautics, is&gs, mfc, mst and space systems. we organize our business segments based on the nature of the products and services offered. net sales of our business segments exclude intersegment sales as these activities are eliminated in consolidation.
operating profit of our business segments includes our share of earnings or losses from equity method investees because the operating activities of the equity method investees are closely aligned with the operations of our business segments. united launch alliance (ula), which is part of our space systems business segment, is our primary equity method investee. operating profit of our business segments excludes the fas/cas pension adjustment described below; expense for stock-based compensation; the effects of items not considered part of management's evaluation of segment operating performance, such as charges related to goodwill impairments (note 1) and significant severance actions (note 14); gains or losses from divestitures (note 13); the effects of certain legal settlements; corporate costs not allocated to our business segments; and other miscellaneous corporate activities. these items are included in the reconciling item "unallocated items" between operating profit from our business segments and our consolidated operating profit.
our business segments' results of operations include pension expense only as calculated under u.s. government cost accounting standards, which we refer to as cas pension cost. we recover cas pension cost through the pricing of our products and services on u.s. government contracts and, therefore, the cas pension cost is recognized in each of our business segments' net sales and cost of sales. since our consolidated financial statements must present pension expense calculated in accordance with fas requirements under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap), which we refer to as fas pension expense, the fas/cas pension adjustment increases or decreases the cas pension cost recorded in our business segments' results of operations to equal the fas pension expense. as a result, to the extent that cas pension cost exceeds fas pension expense, which occurred for 2014, we have fas/cas pension income and, conversely, to the extent fas pension expense exceeds cas pension cost, which occurred for 2013 and 2012, we have fas/cas pension expense.
the operating results in the following tables exclude businesses included in discontinued operations (note 13) for all years presented. summary operating results for each of our business segments were as follows (in millions):
information systems &amp; global solutions              7,788                  8,367                   8,846
missiles and fire control                               7,680                  7,757                   7,457
mission systems and training                            7,147                  7,153                   7,579
space systems                                           8,065                  7,958                   8,347
operating profit aeronautics                                            $1,649                 $1,612                  $1,699
information systems &amp; global solutions                699                    759                     808
missiles and fire control                               1,358                  1,431                   1,256
mission systems and training                              843                    905                     737
space systems                                           1,039                  1,045                   1,083
total business segment operating profit                 5,588                  5,752                   5,583
unallocated items fas/cas pension adjustment fas pension expense (a)                                (1,144   )             (1,948   )             (1,941)
total unallocated items                                     4                 (1,247   )             (1,149)
total consolidated operating profit                    $5,592                 $4,505                  $4,434
(a)                                                 fas pension expense in 2014 was less than in 2013 due to higher discount rates used to calculate our qualified defined benefit obligations and net periodic benefit cost. additionally, beginning in the quarter ended september 28, 2014, fas pension expense was reduced by the june 2014 plan amendments to certain of our defined benefit pension plans to freeze future retirement benefits, partially offset by the impact of using new longevity assumptions (note 9).
(b)                         the higher cas pension cost reflects the impact of phasing in cas harmonization, partially offset by the effect of higher interest rates required by the hatfa, enacted on august 8, 2014. see "critical accounting policies – postretirement benefit plans" for a discussion of hatfa and cas harmonization and the impact on our cas pension cost.
(c)   we expect fas/cas pension income in 2015 of about $475 million as further discussed in the "critical accounting policies –
postretirement benefit plans" section below.
(d)   we recognized non-cash goodwill impairment charges related to the technical services reporting unit within our mfc business segment in 2014 and
2013. for more information, see "note 1 – significant accounting policies" of our consolidated financial statements.
(e)                               see "note 14 – restructuring charges" of our consolidated financial statements for information on charges related to certain severance actions at our business segments and corporate headquarters. severance charges for initiatives that are not significant are included in business segment operating profit.
the following segment discussions also include information relating to backlog for each segment. backlog was approximately $80.5 billion, $82.6 billion and $82.3 billion at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012. these amounts included both funded backlog (firm orders for which funding has been both authorized and appropriated by the customer – congress in the case of u.s. government agencies) and unfunded backlog (firm orders for which funding has not yet been appropriated). backlog does not include unexercised options or task orders to be issued under indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity contracts. funded backlog was approximately $56.5 billion at december 31, 2014.
management evaluates performance on our contracts by focusing on net sales and operating profit and not by type or amount of operating expense. consequently, our discussion of business segment performance focuses on net sales and operating profit, consistent with our approach for managing the business. this approach is consistent throughout the life cycle of our contracts, as management assesses the bidding of each contract by focusing on net sales and operating profit and monitors performance on our contracts in a similar manner through their completion.
we regularly provide customers with reports of our costs as the contract progresses. the cost information in the reports is accumulated in a manner specified by the requirements of each contract. for example, cost data provided to a customer for a product would typically align to the subcomponents of that product (such as a wing-box on an aircraft) and for services would align to the type of work being performed (such as help-desk support). our contracts generally are cost-based, which allows for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services. most of our contracts are bid and negotiated with our customers under circumstances in which we are required to disclose our estimated total costs to provide the product or service. this approach for negotiating contracts with our u.s. government customers generally allows for the recovery of our costs. we also may enter into long-term supply contracts for certain materials or components to coincide with the production schedule of certain products and to ensure their availability at known unit prices.
many of our contracts span several years and include highly complex technical requirements. at the outset of a contract, we identify and monitor risks to the achievement of the technical, schedule and cost aspects of the contract and assess the effects of those risks on our estimates of total costs to complete the contract. the estimates consider the technical requirements (e.g., a newly-developed product versus a mature product), the schedule and associated tasks (e.g., the number and type of milestone events) and costs (e.g., material, labor, subcontractor, overhead and the estimated costs to fulfill our industrial cooperation agreements required under certain contracts with international customers). the initial profit booking rate of each contract considers risks surrounding the ability to achieve the technical requirements, schedule and costs in the initial estimated total costs to complete the contract. profit booking rates may increase during the performance of the contract if we successfully retire risks surrounding the technical, schedule and cost aspects of the contract which decreases the estimated total costs to complete the contract. conversely, our profit booking rates may decrease if the estimated total costs to complete the contract increase. all of the estimates are subject to change during the performance of the contract and may affect the profit booking rate.
we have a number of programs that are designated as classified by the u.s. government which cannot be specifically described. the operating results of these classified programs are included in our consolidated and business segment results and are subjected to the same oversight and internal controls as our other programs.
our net sales are primarily derived from long-term contracts for products and services provided to the u.s. government as well as fms contracted through the u.s. government. we account for these contracts, as well as product contracts with non-u.s. government customers, using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting, which represent substantially all of our net sales. we derive our remaining net sales from contracts to provide services to non-u.s. government customers, which we account for under the services method of accounting.
under the percentage-of-completion method of accounting, we record sales on contracts based upon our progress towards completion on a particular contract as well as our estimate of the profit to be earned at completion. cost-reimbursable contracts provide for the payment of allowable costs plus a fee. for fixed-priced contracts, net sales and cost of sales are recognized as products are delivered or as costs are incurred. due to the nature of the percentage-of-completion method of accounting, changes in our cost of sales are typically accompanied by a related change in our net sales.
changes in net sales and operating profit generally are expressed in terms of volume. changes in volume refer to increases or decreases in sales or operating profit resulting from varying production activity levels, deliveries or service levels on individual contracts. volume changes in segment operating profit are typically based on the current profit booking rate for a particular contract.
in addition, comparability of our segment sales, operating profit and operating margins may be impacted favorably or unfavorably by changes in profit booking rates on our contracts accounted for using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting. increases in the profit booking rates, typically referred to as risk retirements, usually relate to revisions in the estimated total costs that reflect improved conditions on a particular contract. conversely, conditions on a particular contract may deteriorate resulting in an increase in the estimated total costs to complete and a reduction in the profit booking rate. increases or decreases in profit booking rates are recognized in the current period and reflect the inception-to-date effect of such changes. segment operating profit and margins may also be impacted favorably or unfavorably by other items. favorable items may include the positive resolution of contractual matters, cost recoveries on restructuring charges and insurance recoveries. unfavorable items may include the adverse resolution of contractual matters; certain asset impairments; restructuring charges, except for significant severance actions as mentioned above which are excluded from segment operating results; and reserves for disputes. segment operating profit and items such as risk retirements, reductions of profit booking rates or other matters are presented net of state income taxes.
our consolidated net adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments and other matters, net of state income taxes, increased segment operating profit by approximately $1.8 billion, $2.1 billion and $1.9 billion for
2014, 2013 and 2012. the decrease in our consolidated net adjustments for 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to a decrease in profit booking rate adjustments at our aeronautics, mfc and mst business segments. the increase in our consolidated net adjustments for 2013 as compared to 2012 was primarily due to an increase in profit booking rate adjustments at our mst and mfc business segments and, to a lesser extent, the increase in the favorable resolution of contractual matters for the corporation. the consolidated net adjustments for 2014 are inclusive of approximately $650 million in unfavorable items, which include reserves recorded on certain training and logistics solutions programs at mst and net warranty reserve adjustments for various programs (including jassm and gmlrs) at mfc as described in the respective business segment's results of operations below. the consolidated net adjustments for 2013 and 2012 are inclusive of approximately $600 million and $500 million in unfavorable items, which include a significant profit reduction on the f-35 development contract in both years, as well as a significant profit reduction on the c-5 program in 2013, each as described in our aeronautics business segment's results of operations discussion below.
aeronautics our aeronautics business segment is engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, sustainment, support and upgrade of advanced military aircraft, including combat and air mobility aircraft, unmanned air vehicles and related technologies. aeronautics' major programs include the f-35 lightning ii joint strike fighter, c-130 hercules, f-16 fighting falcon, f-22 raptor and the c-5m super galaxy. aeronautics' operating results included the following (in millions):
operating profit                1,649                 1,612                 1,699
aeronautics' net sales for 2014 increased $797 million, or 6%, compared to 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to higher net sales of approximately $790 million for f-35 production contracts due to increased volume and sustainment activities; about $55 million for the f-16 program due to increased deliveries (17 aircraft delivered in 2014 compared to 13 delivered in 2013) partially offset by contract mix; and approximately $45 million for the f-22 program due to increased risk retirements. the increases were partially offset by lower net sales of approximately $55 million for the f-35 development contract due to decreased volume, partially offset by the absence in 2014 of the downward revision to the profit booking rate that occurred in 2013; and about $40 million for the c-130 program due to fewer deliveries (24 aircraft delivered in 2014 compared to 25 delivered in 2013) and decreased sustainment activities, partially offset by contract mix.
aeronautics' operating profit for 2014 increased $37 million, or 2%, compared to 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to higher operating profit of approximately $85 million for the f-35 development contract due to the absence in 2014 of the downward revision to the profit booking rate that occurred in 2013; about $75 million for the f-22 program due to increased risk retirements; approximately $50 million for the c-130 program due to increased risk retirements and contract mix, partially offset by fewer deliveries; and about $25 million for the c-5 program due to the absence in 2014 of the downward revisions to the profit booking rate that occurred in 2013. the increases were partially offset by lower operating profit of approximately $130 million for the f-16 program due to decreased risk retirements, partially offset by increased deliveries; and about $70 million for sustainment activities due to decreased risk retirements and volume. operating profit was comparable for f-35 production contracts as higher volume was offset by lower risk retirements.
adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments and other matters, were approximately $105 million lower for 2014 compared to 2013.
aeronautics' net sales for 2013 decreased $830 million, or 6%, compared to 2012. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower net sales of approximately $530 million for the f-16 program due to fewer aircraft deliveries (13 aircraft delivered in 2013 compared to 37 delivered in 2012) partially offset by aircraft configuration mix; about $385 million for the c-130 program due to fewer aircraft deliveries (25 aircraft delivered in 2013 compared to 34 in 2012) partially offset by increased sustainment activities; approximately $255 million for the f-22 program, which includes about $205 million due to decreased production volume as final aircraft deliveries were completed during the second quarter of 2012 and $50 million from the favorable resolution of a contractual matter during the second quarter of 2012; and about $270 million for various other programs (primarily sustainment activities) due to decreased volume. the decreases were partially offset by higher net sales of about $295 million for f-35 production contracts due to increased production volume and risk retirements; approximately $245 million for the c-5 program due to increased aircraft deliveries (six aircraft delivered in 2013 compared to four in 2012) and other modernization activities; and about $70 million for the f-35 development contract due to increased volume.
aeronautics' operating profit for 2013 decreased $87 million, or 5%, compared to 2012. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower operating profit of about $85 million for the f-22 program, which includes approximately $50 million from the favorable resolution of a contractual matter in the second quarter of 2012 and about $35 million due to decreased risk retirements and production volume; approximately $70 million for the c-130 program due to lower risk retirements and fewer deliveries partially offset by increased sustainment activities; about $65 million for the c-5 program due to the inception-to-date effect of reducing the profit booking rate in the third quarter of 2013 and lower risk retirements; approximately $35 million for the f-16 program due to fewer aircraft deliveries partially offset by increased sustainment activity and aircraft configuration mix. the decreases were partially offset by higher operating profit of approximately $180 million for f-35 production contracts due to increased risk retirements and volume. operating profit was comparable for the f-35 development contract and included adjustments of approximately $85 million to reflect the inception-to-date impacts of the downward revisions to the profit booking rate in both 2013 and 2012. adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments and other matters, were approximately $75 million lower for 2013 compared to 2012.
trends we expect aeronautics' 2015 net sales to be comparable or slightly behind 2014 due to a decline in f-16 deliveries as well as a decline in f-35 development activity, partially offset by an increase in production contracts. operating profit is also expected to decrease in the low single digit range, due primarily to contract mix, resulting in a slight decrease in operating margins between years.
information systems & global solutions our is&gs business segment provides advanced technology systems and expertise, integrated information technology solutions and management services across a broad spectrum of applications for civil, defense, intelligence and other government customers. is&gs has a portfolio of many smaller contracts as compared to our other business segments. is&gs has been impacted by the continued downturn in certain federal agencies' information technology budgets and increased re-competition on existing contracts coupled with the fragmentation of large contracts into multiple smaller contracts that are awarded primarily on the basis of price. is&gs' operating results included the following (in millions):
operating profit                699                 759                  808
is&gs' net sales decreased $579 million, or 7%, for 2014 compared to 2013. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower net sales of about $645 million for 2014 due to the wind-down or completion of certain programs, driven by reductions in direct warfighter support (including jieddo and ptds) and defense budgets tied to command and control programs; and approximately $490 million for 2014 due to a decline in volume for various ongoing programs, which reflects lower funding levels and programs impacted by in-theater force reductions. the decreases were partially offset by higher net sales of about $550 million for 2014 due to the start-up of new programs, growth in recently awarded programs and integration of recently acquired companies.
is&gs' operating profit decreased $60 million, or 8%, for 2014 compared to 2013. the decrease was primarily attributable to the activities mentioned above for sales, lower risk retirements and reserves recorded on an international program, partially offset by severance recoveries related to the restructuring announced in november 2013 of approximately $20 million for 2014. adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments, were approximately $30 million lower for 2014 compared to 2013.
is&gs' net sales decreased $479 million, or 5%, for 2013 compared to 2012. the decrease was attributable to lower net sales of about $495 million due to decreased volume on various programs (command and control programs for classified customers, ngi and eram programs); and approximately $320 million due to the completion of certain programs (such as total information processing support services, the transportation worker identification credential and the outsourcing desktop initiative for nasa). the decrease was partially offset by higher net sales of about $340 million due to the start-up of certain programs (such as the disa gsm-o and the national science foundation antarctic support).
is&gs' operating profit decreased $49 million, or 6%, for 2013 compared to 2012. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower operating profit of about $55 million due to certain programs nearing the end of their life cycles, partially offset by higher operating profit of approximately $15 million due to the start-up of certain programs. adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments and other matters, were comparable for 2013 compared to 2012.
backlog backlog increased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to several multi-year international awards and various u.s. multi-year extensions. this increase was partially offset by declining activities on various direct warfighter support and command and control programs impacted by defense budget reductions. backlog decreased in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily due to lower orders on several programs (such as eram and ngi), higher sales on certain programs (the national science foundation antarctic support and the disa gsm-o) and declining activities on several smaller programs primarily due to the continued downturn in federal information technology budgets.
trends we expect is&gs' net sales to decline in 2015 in the low to mid single digit percentage range as compared to 2014, primarily driven by the continued downturn in federal information technology budgets, an increasingly competitive environment, including the disaggregation of existing contracts, and new contract award delays, partially offset by increased sales resulting from acquisitions that occurred during the year. operating profit is expected to decline in the low double digit percentage range in 2015 primarily driven by volume and an increase in intangible amortization from 2014 acquisition activity, resulting in 2015 margins that are lower than 2014 results.
missiles and fire control our mfc business segment provides air and missile defense systems; tactical missiles and air-to-ground precision strike weapon systems; logistics and other technical services; fire control systems; mission operations support, readiness, engineering support and integration services; and manned and unmanned ground vehicles. mfc's major programs include pac-3, thaad, multiple launch rocket system, hellfire, jassm, javelin, apache, sniper®, low altitude navigation and targeting infrared for night (lantirn®) and sof clss. mfc's operating results included the following (in millions):
operating profit                1,358                 1,431                 1,256
mfc's net sales for 2014 decreased $77 million, or 1%, compared to 2013. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower net sales of approximately $385 million for technical services programs due to decreased volume reflecting market pressures; and about $115 million for tactical missile programs due to fewer deliveries (primarily high mobility artillery rocket system and army tactical missile system). the decreases were partially offset by higher net sales of approximately $180 million for air and missile defense programs primarily due to increased volume for thaad; about $115 million for fire control programs due to increased deliveries (including apache); and about $125 million for various other programs due to increased volume.
mfc's operating profit for 2014 decreased $73 million, or 5%, compared to 2013. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower operating profit of about $45 million for technical services programs due to decreased volume and reserves recorded on certain programs; about $20 million for tactical missile programs due to net warranty reserve adjustments for various programs (including jassm and gmlrs) and fewer deliveries; and approximately $45 million for various other programs due to lower risk retirements. the decreases were partially offset by higher operating profit of approximately $20 million for air and missile defense programs due to increased volume (primarily thaad and pac-3); and about $15 million for fire control programs due to increased deliveries (primarily apache), partially offset by lower risk retirements (primarily sniper®). adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments and other matters, were approximately $100 million lower for 2014 compared to 2013.
mfc's net sales for 2013 increased $300 million, or 4%, compared to 2012. the increase was primarily attributable to higher net sales of approximately $450 million for air and missile defense programs (thaad and pac-3) due to increased production volume and deliveries; about $70 million for fire control programs due to net increased deliveries and volume; and approximately $55 million for tactical missile programs due to net increased deliveries. the increases were partially offset by lower net sales of about $275 million for various technical services programs due to lower volume driven by the continuing impact of defense budget reductions and related competitive pressures. the increase for fire control programs was primarily attributable to increased deliveries on the sniper® and lantirn® programs, increased volume on the sof clss program, partially offset by lower volume on longbow fire control radar and other programs. the increase for tactical missile programs was primarily attributable to increased deliveries on jassm and other programs, partially offset by fewer deliveries on gmlrs and javelin programs.
mfc's operating profit for 2013 increased $175 million, or 14%, compared to 2012. the increase was primarily attributable to higher operating profit of approximately $85 million for air and missile defense programs (thaad and pac-3) due to increased risk retirements and volume; about $85 million for fire control programs (sniper®, lantirn® and apache) due to increased risk retirements and higher volume; and approximately $75 million for tactical missile programs (hellfire and various programs) due to increased risk retirements. the increases were partially offset by lower operating profit of about $45 million for the resolution of contractual matters in the second quarter of 2012; and approximately $15 million for various technical services programs due to lower volume partially offset by increased risk retirements. adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments and other matters, were approximately $100 million higher for 2013 compared to 2012.
backlog backlog decreased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to lower orders on thaad, fire control systems programs and technical services programs, partially offset by higher orders on certain tactical missile programs and pac-3. backlog increased in 2013 compared to 2012 mainly due to higher orders on the thaad program and lower sales volume compared to new orders on certain fire control systems programs in 2013, partially offset by lower orders on technical services programs and certain tactical missile programs.
trends we expect mfc's net sales to decline in the mid single digit percentage range in 2015 as compared to 2014, primarily due to a decline in the services business as a result of the increased competitive environment and a slight decline in our air and missile defense business, specifically thaad and pac-3 volume. operating profit is expected to decrease in the high single digit percentage range, driven by reduced volume and fewer risk retirements in 2015 compared to 2014. accordingly, operating profit margin is expected to decline from 2014 levels.
mission systems and training our mst business segment provides ship and submarine mission and combat systems; mission systems and sensors for rotary and fixed-wing aircraft; sea and land-based missile defense systems; radar systems; littoral combat ships; simulation and training services; and unmanned systems and technologies. mst's major programs include aegis combat system (aegis), littoral combat ship (lcs), mh-60, tpq-53 radar system and mk-41 vertical launching system. mst's operating results included the following (in millions):
operating profit                843                 905                 737
mst's net sales for 2014 were comparable to 2013. net sales decreased by approximately $85 million for undersea systems programs due to decreased volume and deliveries; and about $55 million related to the settlements of contract cost matters on certain programs (including a portion of the terminated presidential helicopter program) in 2013 that were not repeated in 2014. the decreases were offset by higher net sales of approximately $80 million for integrated warfare systems and sensors programs due to increased volume (primarily space fence); and approximately $40 million for training and logistics solutions programs due to increased deliveries (primarily close combat tactical trainer).
mst's operating profit for 2014 decreased $62 million, or 7%, compared to 2013. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower operating profit of approximately $120 million related to the settlements of contract cost matters on certain programs (including a portion of the terminated presidential helicopter program) in 2013 that were not repeated in 2014; and approximately $45 million due to higher reserves recorded on certain training and logistics solutions programs. the decreases were partially offset by higher operating profit of approximately $45 million for performance matters and reserves recorded in 2013 that were not repeated in 2014; and about $60 million for various programs due to increased risk retirements (including mh-60 and radar surveillance programs). adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments and other matters, were approximately $50 million lower for 2014 compared to 2013.
mst's net sales for 2013 decreased $426 million, or 6%, compared to 2012. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower net sales of approximately $275 million for various ship and aviation systems programs due to lower volume (primarily ptds as final surveillance system deliveries occurred during the second quarter of 2012); about $195 million for various integrated warfare systems and sensors programs (primarily naval systems) due to lower volume; approximately $65 million for various training and logistics programs due to lower volume; and about $55 million for the aegis program due to lower volume. the decreases were partially offset by higher net sales of about $155 million for the lcs program due to increased volume.
mst's operating profit for 2013 increased $168 million, or 23%, compared to 2012. the increase was primarily attributable to higher operating profit of approximately $120 million related to the settlement of contract cost matters on certain programs (including a portion of the terminated presidential helicopter program); about $55 million for integrated warfare systems and sensors programs (primarily radar and halifax class modernization programs) due to increased risk retirements; and approximately $30 million for undersea systems programs due to increased risk retirements. the increases were partially offset by lower operating profit of about $55 million for training and logistics programs, primarily due to the recording of approximately $30 million of charges mostly related to lower-of-cost-or-market considerations; and about $25 million for ship and aviation systems programs (primarily ptds) due to lower risk retirements and volume. operating profit related to the lcs program was comparable. adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments and other matters, were approximately $170 million higher for 2013 compared to 2012.
backlog backlog increased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to higher orders on new program starts (such as space fence). backlog increased slightly in 2013 compared to 2012 mainly due to higher orders and lower sales on integrated warfare system and sensors programs (primarily aegis) and lower sales on various service programs, partially offset by lower orders on ship and aviation systems (primarily mh-60).
trends we expect mst's 2015 net sales to be comparable to 2014 net sales, with the increased volume from new program starts, specifically space fence and the combat rescue and presidential helicopter programs, offset by a decline in volume due to the wind-down or completion of certain programs. operating profit is expected to decline in the mid single digit percentage range from 2014 levels, driven by a reduction in expected risk retirements in 2015. accordingly, operating profit margin is expected to slightly decline from 2014 levels.
space systems our space systems business segment is engaged in the research and development, design, engineering and production of satellites, strategic and defensive missile systems and space transportation systems. space systems is also responsible for various classified systems and services in support of vital national security systems. space systems' major programs include the space based infrared system (sbirs), aehf, gps-iii, geostationary operational environmental satellite r-series (goes-r), muos, trident ii d5 fleet ballistic missile (fbm) and orion. operating profit for our space systems business segment includes our share of earnings for our investment in ula, which provides expendable launch services to the u.s. government. space systems' operating results included the following (in millions):
operating profit                1,039                 1,045                 1,083
space systems' net sales for 2014 increased $107 million, or 1%, compared to 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to higher net sales of approximately $340 million for the orion program due to increased volume (primarily the first unmanned test flight of the orion mpcv); and about $145 million for commercial space transportation programs due to launch-related activities. the increases were offset by lower net sales of approximately $335 million for government satellite programs due to decreased volume (primarily aehf, gps-iii and muos); and about $45 million for various other programs due to decreased volume.
space systems' operating profit for 2014 was comparable to 2013. operating profit decreased by approximately $20 million for government satellite programs due to lower volume (primarily aehf and gps-iii), partially offset by increased risk retirements (primarily muos); and about $20 million due to decreased equity earnings for joint ventures. the decreases were offset by higher operating profit of approximately $30 million for the orion program due to increased volume. operating profit was reduced by approximately $40 million for charges, net of recoveries, related to the restructuring action announced in november 2013. adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments and other matters, were approximately $10 million lower for 2014 compared to 2013.
space systems' net sales for 2013 decreased $389 million, or 5%, compared to 2012. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower net sales of approximately $305 million for commercial satellite programs due to fewer deliveries (zero delivered during 2013 compared to two for 2012); and about $290 million for the orion program due to lower volume. the decreases were partially offset by higher net sales of approximately $130 million for government satellite programs due to net increased volume; and about $65 million for strategic and defensive missile programs (primarily fbm) due to increased volume and risk retirements. the increase for government satellite programs was primarily attributable to higher volume on aehf and other programs, partially offset by lower volume on goes-r, muos and sbirs programs.
space systems' operating profit for 2013 decreased $38 million, or 4%, compared to 2012. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower operating profit of approximately $50 million for the orion program due to lower volume and risk retirements and about $30 million for government satellite programs due to decreased risk retirements, which were partially offset by higher equity earnings from joint ventures of approximately $35 million. the decrease in operating profit for government satellite programs was primarily attributable to lower risk retirements for muos, gps iii and other programs, partially offset by higher risk retirements for the sbirs and aehf programs. operating profit for 2013 included about $15 million of charges, net of recoveries, related to the november 2013 restructuring plan. adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments and other matters, were approximately $15 million lower for 2013 compared to 2012.
equity earnings total equity earnings recognized by space systems (primarily ula in 2014 and 2013) represented approximately $280 million and $300 million, or 27% and 29% of this business segment's operating profit during 2014 and 2013. during 2012, total equity earnings recognized by space systems from ula, united space alliance and the u.k. atomic weapons establishment joint venture represented approximately $265 million, or 24%, of this business segment's operating profit.
backlog backlog decreased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to lower orders and higher sales on the orion program, partially offset by higher orders on sbirs. backlog increased in 2013 compared to 2012 mainly due to higher orders on the orion program, partially offset by lower orders on government satellite programs (primarily aehf).
trends we expect space systems' net sales to decline in the mid single digit percentage range in 2015 as compared to 2014; primarily due to lower delivery based sales in 2015. operating profit is expected to decline in the low-double digit percentage range, primarily driven by lower equity earnings in 2015 compared to 2014. as a result, operating profit margin is expected to decline between the years.
liquidity and cash flows we have a balanced cash deployment strategy to enhance stockholder value and position ourselves to take advantage of new business opportunities when they arise. consistent with that strategy, we have continued to invest in our business, including capital expenditures, independent research and development and made selective business acquisitions, while returning cash to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases, and managing our debt levels, maturities and interest rates.
we have generated strong operating cash flows, which have been the primary source of funding for our operations, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service and repayments, dividends, share repurchases and postretirement benefit plan contributions. our strong operating cash flows enabled our board of directors to approve two key cash deployment initiatives in september 2014. first, we increased our quarterly dividend rate by 13% to $1.50 per share. second, the board of directors approved a $2.0 billion increase to our share repurchase program. inclusive of this increase, the total remaining authorization for future common share repurchases under our program was $3.7 billion as of december 31, 2014. further, based on our current cash projections, in october 2014 we announced a new cash deployment initiative in which we plan to reduce our total outstanding share count to below 300 million shares over the next three years, market conditions and our fiduciary obligations permitting.
we have accessed the capital markets on limited occasions, as needed or when opportunistic. we expect our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. as mentioned in the "capital resources" section below, we have financing resources available to fund potential cash outflows that are less predictable or more discretionary, should they occur. we also have access to credit markets, if needed, for liquidity or general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, our revolving credit facility or the ability to issue commercial paper, and letters of credit to support customer advance payments and for other trade finance purposes such as guaranteeing our performance on particular contracts.
cash received from customers, either from the payment of invoices for work performed or for advances in excess of costs incurred, is our primary source of cash. we generally do not begin work on contracts until funding is appropriated by the customer. billing timetables and payment terms on our contracts vary based on a number of factors, including the contract type. we generally bill and collect cash more frequently under cost-reimbursable and time-and-materials contracts, which together represent approximately half of the sales we recorded in 2014, as we are authorized to bill as the costs are incurred or work is performed. a number of our fixed-price contracts may provide for performance-based payments, which allow us to bill and collect cash as we perform on the contract. the amount of performance-based payments and the related milestones are encompassed in the negotiation of each contract. the timing of such payments may differ from our incurrence of costs related to our contract performance, thereby affecting our cash flows.
the u.s. government has indicated that it would consider progress payments as the baseline for negotiating payment terms on fixed-price contracts, rather than performance-based payments. in contrast to negotiated performance-based payment terms, progress payment provisions correspond to a percentage of the amount of costs incurred during the performance of the contract. while the total amount of cash collected on a contract is the same, performance-based payments have had a more favorable impact on the timing of our cash flows. in addition, our cash flows may be affected if the u.s. government decides to withhold payments on our billings. while the impact of withholding payments delays the receipt of cash, the cumulative amount of cash collected during the life of the contract will not vary.
the majority of our capital expenditures for 2014 and those planned for 2015 are for equipment, facilities infrastructure and information technology. expenditures for equipment and facilities infrastructure are generally incurred to support new and existing programs across all of our business segments. for example, we have projects underway in our aeronautics business segment for facilities and equipment to support higher production of the f-35 combat aircraft. in addition, we have projects underway to modernize certain of our facilities, inclusive of our efforts to consolidate and reduce leased facilities. we also incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software.
the following table provides a summary of our cash flow information followed by a discussion of the key elements (in millions):
operating activities net earnings                                                3,614                  2,981                   2,745
changes in working capital                                   (372   )                (98   )             (1,061)
net cash provided by operating activities                   3,866                  4,546                   1,561
net cash used for investing activities                     (1,723   )             (1,121   )             (1,177)
net cash used for financing activities                     (3,314   )             (2,706   )             (2,068)
net change in cash and cash equivalents                    (1,171   )                719                 (1,684)
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities decreased $680 million in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to higher tax payments, net of refunds received and increases in working capital. our federal and foreign income tax payments, net of refunds received, were approximately $760 million higher in 2014 due to an increase in net income and lower refunds received in 2014 (attributable to timing of discretionary pension contributions made during the fourth quarter of 2012). the decrease of $274 million in cash provided by working capital (defined as receivables and inventories less accounts payable and customer advances and amounts in excess of costs incurred) was primarily attributed to lower cash receipts related to accounts receivable, primarily timing on the f-35 production contracts (including amounts received in 2013 from resolving u.s. government contractual withholds that were not repeated in 2014). partially offsetting the decreases in operating cash flows were lower pension contributions in 2014. we made $2.0 billion in contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans in 2014, compared to $2.25 billion in 2013. see "critical accounting policies – postretirement benefit plans" (under the caption "funding considerations") for discussion of future postretirement benefit plan funding.
net cash provided by operating activities increased $3.0 billion in 2013 as compared to 2012 primarily due to lower pension contributions, a lower increase in working capital, a tax refund in 2013 as discussed below and improved operating results. we made $2.25 billion in contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans during 2013, compared to $3.6 billion during 2012. the $1.0 billion decline in the growth of working capital (defined as receivables and inventories less accounts payable and customer advances and amounts in excess of costs incurred) was attributable to higher cash receipts related to accounts receivable, primarily on f-35 production contracts (including amounts from resolving u.s. government contractual withholds). partially offsetting the improved accounts receivable collections were higher payments to suppliers, primarily on f-35 production contracts. in addition, there was lower growth in inventories in 2013 as compared to 2012 primarily due to the timing of advance payments applied to inventory. we made tax payments, net of refunds received, of $787 million during 2013, compared to $890 million during 2012.
investing activities net cash used for investing activities increased $602 million in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to increased acquisition activities in 2014. acquisition activities include both the acquisition of businesses and investments in affiliates. we paid $898 million in 2014 for acquisition activities, primarily related to the acquisitions of zeta, systems made simple, and industrial defender (note 13). in 2013, we paid $269 million for acquisition activities, primarily related to the acquisition of amor group (note 13). in 2012, we paid $259 million for acquisition activities, primarily related to the acquisitions of chandler/may, cdl and procerus (note 13). capital expenditures amounted to $845 million in 2014, $836 million in 2013 and $942 million in 2012.
financing activities net cash used for financing activities increased $608 million in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to decreased proceeds from stock option exercises in 2014, higher dividends paid and increased repurchases of common stock, partially offset by the repayment of long-term notes in 2013.
we paid dividends totaling $1.8 billion ($5.49 per share) in 2014, $1.5 billion ($4.78 per share) in 2013 and $1.4 billion ($4.15 per share) in 2012. we have increased our quarterly dividend rate in each of the last three years, including a 13% increase in the quarterly dividend rate in the fourth quarter of 2014. we declared quarterly dividends of $1.33 per share during each of the first three quarters of 2014 and $1.50 per share for the last quarter; $1.15 per share during each of the first three quarters of 2013 and $1.33 per share for the last quarter; and $1.00 per share during each of the first three quarters of 2012 and $1.15 per share for the last quarter.
cash received from the issuance of our common stock in connection with employee stock option exercises during 2014, 2013 and 2012 totaled $308 million, $827 million and $440 million. the exercises resulted in the issuance of 3.7 million shares, 10.0 million shares and 6.7 million shares of our common stock.
in 2013, we repaid $150 million of long-term notes with a fixed interest rate of 7.38% due to their scheduled maturities. in 2012, we paid $225 million to complete an exchange of debt due to the low interest rate environment.
capital structure, resources and other at december 31, 2014, we held cash and cash equivalents of $1.4 billion. as of december 31, 2014, approximately $500 million of our cash and cash equivalents was held outside of the u.s. by foreign subsidiaries. although those balances are generally available to fund ordinary business operations without legal or other restrictions, a significant portion is not immediately available to fund u.s. operations unless repatriated. our intention is to permanently reinvest earnings from our foreign subsidiaries. while we do not intend to do so, if this cash had been repatriated at the end of 2014, we estimate that about $55 million of u.s. federal income tax would have been due after considering foreign tax credits.
our outstanding debt, net of unamortized discounts, amounted to $6.2 billion and mainly is in the form of publicly-issued notes that bear interest at fixed rates. as of december 31, 2014, we were in compliance with all covenants contained in our debt and credit agreements.
in august 2014, we entered into a new $1.5 billion revolving credit facility with a syndicate of banks and concurrently terminated our existing $1.5 billion revolving credit facility which was scheduled to expire in august 2016. the new credit facility expires in august 2019. we may request and the banks may grant, at their discretion, an increase to the new credit facility up to an additional $500 million. the credit facility also includes a sublimit of up to $300 million available for the issuance of letters of credit. there were no borrowings outstanding under the new credit facility through december 31, 2014. borrowings under the new credit facility would be unsecured and bear interest at rates based, at our option, on a eurodollar rate or a base rate, as defined in the new credit facility. each bank's obligation to make loans under the new credit facility is subject to, among other things, our compliance with various representations, warranties and covenants, including covenants limiting our ability and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to encumber assets and a covenant not to exceed a maximum leverage ratio, as defined in the new credit facility. the leverage ratio covenant excludes the adjustments recognized in stockholders' equity related to postretirement benefit plans. as of december 31, 2014, we were in compliance with all covenants contained in the credit facility, as well as in our debt agreements.
we have agreements in place with financial institutions to provide for the issuance of commercial paper. there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding during the year ended december 31, 2014. if we were to issue commercial paper, the borrowings would be supported by the credit facility. we also have an effective shelf registration statement on form s-3 on file with the u.s. securities and exchange commission to provide for the issuance of an indeterminate amount of debt securities.
we actively seek to finance our business in a manner that preserves financial flexibility while minimizing borrowing costs to the extent practicable. we review changes in financial market and economic conditions to manage the types, amounts and maturities of our indebtedness. we may at times refinance existing indebtedness, vary our mix of variable-rate and fixed-rate debt or seek alternative financing sources for our cash and operational needs.
our stockholders' equity was $3.4 billion at december 31, 2014, a decrease of $1.5 billion from december 31, 2013. the decrease was due to the re-measurements of our postretirement benefit plans of $2.9 billion, primarily due to a decrease in the discount rate, which was partially offset by the amortization of $706 million in 2014 postretirement benefit plan expense; the repurchase of 11.5 million common shares for $1.9 billion; and dividends declared of $1.8 billion during the year. these decreases were partially offset by net earnings of $3.6 billion and employee stock activity of $799 million (including the impacts of stock option exercises, esop activity and stock-based compensation). as we repurchase our common shares, we reduce common stock for the $1 of par value of the shares repurchased, with the excess purchase price over par value recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. due to the volume of repurchases made under our share repurchase program, additional paid-in capital was reduced to zero, with the remainder of the excess purchase price over par value of $1.1 billion recorded as a reduction of retained earnings.
contractual commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements at december 31, 2014, we had contractual commitments to repay debt, make payments under operating leases, settle obligations related to agreements to purchase goods and services and settle tax and other liabilities. capital lease obligations were not material. payments due under these obligations and commitments are as follows (in millions):
other liabilities                           2,811                     307                    468                   364                 1,672
operating activities                       33,424                  15,173                 12,514                 5,136                   601
capital expenditures                          248                     172                     74                     1                     1
amounts related to other liabilities represent the contractual obligations for certain long-term liabilities recorded as of december 31, 2014. such amounts mainly include expected payments under non-qualified pension plans, environmental liabilities and deferred compensation plans.
purchase obligations related to operating activities include agreements and contracts that give the supplier recourse to us for cancellation or nonperformance under the contract or contain terms that would subject us to liquidated damages. such agreements and contracts may, for example, be related to direct materials, obligations to subcontractors and outsourcing arrangements. total purchase obligations for operating activities in the preceding table include approximately $32.0 billion related to contractual commitments entered into as a result of contracts we have with our u.s. government customers. the u.s. government generally would be required to pay us for any costs we incur relative to these commitments if they were to terminate the related contracts "for convenience" under the federal acquisition regulation (far), subject to available funding. this also would be true in cases where we perform subcontract work for a prime contractor under a u.s. government contract. the termination for convenience language also may be included in contracts with foreign, state and local governments. we also have contracts with customers that do not include termination for convenience provisions, including contracts with commercial customers.
purchase obligations in the preceding table for capital expenditures generally include facilities infrastructure, equipment and information technology.
we also may enter into industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes referred to as offset agreements, as a condition to obtaining orders for our products and services from certain customers in foreign countries. these agreements are designed to enhance the social and economic environment of the foreign country by requiring the contractor to promote investment in the country. offset agreements may be satisfied through activities that do not require us to use cash, including transferring technology, providing manufacturing and other consulting support to in-country projects and the purchase by third parties (e.g., our vendors) of supplies from in-country vendors. these agreements also may be satisfied through our use of cash for such activities as purchasing supplies from in-country vendors, providing financial support for in-country projects, establishment of ventures with local companies and building or leasing facilities for in-country operations. we typically do not commit to offset agreements until orders for our products or services are definitive. the amounts ultimately applied against our offset agreements are based on negotiations with the customer and typically require cash outlays that represent only a fraction of the original amount in the offset agreement. the costs to satisfy our offset obligations are included in the estimates of our total costs to complete the contract and may impact our profitability and cash flows. the ability to recover investments that we make are generally dependent upon the successful operation of ventures that we do not control and may involve products and services that are dissimilar to our business activities. at december 31, 2014, the remaining obligations under our outstanding offset agreements totaled $13.1 billion, which primarily relate to our aeronautics, mfc and mst business segments, some of which extend through 2027. to the extent we have entered into purchase obligations at december 31, 2014 that also satisfy offset agreements, those amounts are included in the preceding table. offset programs usually extend over several years and may provide for penalties, estimated at approximately $1.3 billion at december 31, 2014, in the event we fail to perform in accordance with offset requirements. while historically we have not been required to pay material penalties, resolution of offset requirements are often the result of negotiations and subjective judgments.
in connection with our 50% ownership interest of ula, we and the boeing company (boeing) have each received distributions from ula, including distributions of $527 million that we and boeing have each received (since ula's formation in december 2006) which are subject to agreements between us, boeing and ula, whereby, if ula does not have sufficient cash resources or credit capacity to make required payments under the inventory supply agreement it has with boeing, both we and boeing would provide to ula, in the form of an additional capital contribution, the level of funding required for ula to make those payments. any such capital contributions would not exceed the amount of the distributions subject to the agreements. based on current expectations of ula's cash flow needs, we currently believe that ula should have sufficient operating cash flows and credit capacity, including access to its $560 million revolving credit agreement from third-party financial institutions, to meet its obligations such that we would not be required to make a contribution under these agreements.
in addition, both we and boeing have cross-indemnified each other for guarantees by us and boeing of the performance and financial obligations of ula under certain launch service contracts. we believe ula will be able to fully perform its obligations, as it has done through december 31, 2014, and that it will not be necessary to make payments under the cross-indemnities or guarantees.
we have entered into standby letters of credit, surety bonds and third-party guarantees with financial institutions and other third parties primarily relating to advances received from customers and the guarantee of future performance on certain contracts. letters of credit and surety bonds generally are available for draw down in the event we do not perform. in some cases, we may guarantee the contractual performance of third parties such as venture partners. at december 31, 2014, we had the following outstanding letters of credit, surety bonds and third-party guarantees (in millions):
commitment expiration by period total                    less than               years                years                after commitment               1 year                  2 and 3              4 and 5              5 years standby letters of credit (a)           $1,265                   $ 941                 $144                 $120                 $ 60
total commitments                       $2,387                  $1,311                 $255                 $247                 $574
(a)   approximately $710 million of standby letters of credit in the "less than 1 year" category are expected to renew for additional periods until completion of the contractual obligation.
at december 31, 2014, third-party guarantees totaled $774 million, of which approximately 85% related to guarantees of contractual performance of ventures to which we currently are or previously were a party. this amount represents our estimate of the maximum amount we would expect to incur upon the contractual non-performance of the venture partners. in addition, we generally have cross-indemnities in place that may enable us to recover amounts that may be paid on behalf of a venture partner. we believe our current and former venture partners will be able to perform their obligations, as they have done through december 31, 2014, and that it will not be necessary to make payments under the guarantees. in determining our exposures, we evaluate the reputation, technical capabilities and credit quality of our current and former venture partners.
critical accounting policies contract accounting / sales recognition substantially all of our net sales are accounted for using the percentage-of-completion method, which requires that significant estimates and assumptions be made in accounting for the contracts. our remaining net sales are derived from contracts to provide services to non-u.s. government customers, which we account for under a services accounting model.
we evaluate new or significantly modified contracts with customers other than the u.s. government, to the extent the contracts include multiple elements, to determine if the individual deliverables should be accounted for as separate units of accounting. when we determine that accounting for the deliverables as separate units is appropriate, we allocate the contract value to the deliverables based on their relative estimated selling prices. the contracts or contract modifications we evaluate for multiple elements typically are long-term in nature and include the provision of both products and services. based on the nature of our business, we generally account for components of such contracts using the percentage-of-completion accounting model or the services accounting model, as appropriate.
we classify net sales as products or services on our statements of earnings based on the predominant attributes of the underlying contract. most of our long-term contracts are denominated in u.s. dollars, including contracts for sales of military products and services to international governments contracted through the u.s. government. we record sales for both products and services under cost-reimbursable, fixed-price and time-and-materials contracts.
contract types cost-reimbursable contracts cost-reimbursable contracts, which accounted for about 40% of our total net sales in 2014 and 45% of our total net sales in 2013 and 2012, provide for the payment of allowable costs incurred during performance of the contract plus a fee, up to a ceiling based on the amount that has been funded. we generate revenue under two general types of cost-reimbursable contracts: cost-plus-award-fee/incentive fee which represent a substantial majority of our cost-reimbursable contracts; and cost-plus-fixed-fee contracts.
cost-plus-award-fee contracts provide for an award fee that varies within specified limits based on the customer's assessment of our performance against a predetermined set of criteria, such as targets based on cost, quality, technical and schedule criteria. cost-plus-incentive-fee contracts provide for reimbursement of costs plus a fee which is adjusted by a formula based on the relationship of total allowable costs to total target costs (incentive based on cost) or reimbursement of costs plus an incentive to exceed stated performance targets (incentive based on performance). the fixed fee in a cost-plus-fixed-fee contract is negotiated at the inception of the contract and that fixed fee does not vary with actual costs.
fixed-price and other contracts under fixed-price contracts, which accounted for about 55% of our total net sales in 2014 and 50% of our total net sales in 2013 and 2012, we agree to perform the specified work for a pre-determined price. to the extent our actual costs vary from the estimates upon which the price was negotiated, we will generate more or less profit or could incur a loss. some fixed-price contracts have a performance-based component under which we may earn incentive payments or incur financial penalties based on our performance.
under time-and-materials contracts, which accounted for about 5% of our total net sales in 2014, 2013 and 2012, we are paid a fixed hourly rate for each direct labor hour expended and we are reimbursed for allowable material costs and allowable out-of-pocket expenses. to the extent our actual direct labor and associated costs vary in relation to the fixed hourly billing rates provided in the contract, we will generate more or less profit or could incur a loss.
percentage-of-completion method of accounting we record net sales and an estimated profit on a percentage-of-completion basis for cost-reimbursable and fixed-price contracts for product and services contracts with the u.s. government.
the percentage-of-completion method for product contracts depends on the nature of the products provided under the contract. for example, for contracts that require us to perform a significant level of development effort in comparison to the total value of the contract and/or to deliver minimal quantities, sales are recorded using the cost-to-cost method to measure progress toward completion. under the cost-to-cost method, we recognize sales and an estimated profit as costs are incurred based on the proportion that the incurred costs bear to total estimated costs. for contracts that require us to provide a substantial number of similar items without a significant level of development, we record sales and an estimated profit on a percentage-of-completion basis using units-of-delivery as the basis to measure progress toward completing the contract. for contracts to provide services to the u.s. government, sales are generally recorded using the cost-to-cost method.
award and incentive fees, as well as penalties related to contract performance, are considered in estimating sales and profit rates on contracts accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method. estimates of award fees are based on past experience and anticipated performance. we record incentives or penalties when there is sufficient information to assess anticipated contract performance. incentive provisions that increase or decrease earnings based solely on a single significant event are not recognized until the event occurs.
accounting for contracts using the percentage-of-completion method requires judgment relative to assessing risks, estimating contract sales and costs (including estimating award and incentive fees and penalties related to performance) and making assumptions for schedule and technical issues. due to the number of years it may take to complete many of our contracts and the scope and nature of the work required to be performed on those contracts, the estimation of total sales and costs at completion is complicated and subject to many variables and, accordingly, is subject to change. when adjustments in estimated total contract sales or estimated total costs are required, any changes from prior estimates are recognized in the current period for the inception-to-date effect of such changes.
our estimates of costs at completion of the contract are based on assumptions we make for variables such as labor productivity and availability, the complexity of the work to be performed, the availability of materials, the length of time to complete the contract (to estimate increases in wages and prices for materials), performance by our subcontractors and the availability and timing of funding from our customer, among other variables. when estimates of total costs to be incurred on a contract exceed total estimates of sales to be earned, a provision for the entire loss on the contract is recorded in the period in which the loss is determined.
many of our contracts span several years and include highly complex technical requirements. at the outset of a contract, we identify and monitor risks to the achievement of the technical, schedule and cost aspects of the contract and assess the effects of those risks on our estimates of total costs to complete the contract. the estimates consider the technical requirements (e.g., a newly-developed product versus a mature product), the schedule and associated tasks (e.g., the number and type of milestone events) and costs (e.g., material, labor, subcontractor, overhead and the estimated costs to fulfill our industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes referred to as offset agreements, required under certain contracts with international customers). the initial profit booking rate of each contract considers risks surrounding the ability to achieve the technical requirements, schedule and costs in the initial estimated total costs to complete the contract. profit booking rates may increase during the performance of the contract if we successfully retire risks surrounding the technical, schedule and cost aspects of the contract which decreases the estimated total costs to complete the contract. conversely, our profit booking rates may decrease if the estimated total costs to complete the contract increase. all of the estimates are subject to change during the performance of the contract and may affect the profit booking rate.
in addition, comparability of our segment sales, operating profit and operating margins may be impacted favorably or unfavorably by changes in profit booking rates on our contracts accounted for using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting. increases in the profit booking rates, typically referred to as risk retirements, usually relate to revisions in the estimated total costs that reflect improved conditions on a particular contract. conversely, conditions on a particular contract may deteriorate resulting in an increase in the estimated total costs to complete and a reduction in the profit booking rate. increases or decreases in profit booking rates are recognized in the current period and reflect the inception-to-date effect of such changes. segment operating profit and margins may also be impacted favorably or unfavorably by other items. favorable items may include the positive resolution of contractual matters, cost recoveries on restructuring charges and insurance recoveries. unfavorable items may include the adverse resolution of contractual matters; certain asset impairments;
restructuring charges, except for significant severance actions as mentioned above which are excluded from segment operating results; and reserves for disputes. segment operating profit and items such as risk retirements, reductions of profit booking rates or other matters are presented net of state income taxes.
services method of accounting under a fixed-price service contract, we are paid a predetermined fixed amount for a specified scope of work and generally have full responsibility for the costs associated with the contract and the resulting profit or loss. we record net sales under fixed-price service contracts to non-u.s. government customers on a straight-line basis over the period of contract performance, unless evidence suggests that net sales are earned or the obligations are fulfilled in a different pattern. for cost-reimbursable contracts for services to non-u.s. government customers that provide for award and incentive fees, we record net sales as services are performed, exclusive of award and incentive fees. award and incentive fees are recorded when they are fixed or determinable, generally at the date the amount is communicated to us by the customer. this approach results in the recognition of such fees at contractual intervals (typically every six months) throughout the contract and is dependent on the customer's processes for notification of awards and issuance of formal notifications. costs for all service contracts are expensed as incurred.
other contract accounting considerations the majority of our sales are driven by pricing based on costs incurred to produce products or perform services under contracts with the u.s. government. cost-based pricing is determined under the far. the far provides guidance on the types of costs that are allowable in establishing prices for goods and services under u.s. government contracts. for example, costs such as those related to charitable contributions, interest expense and certain advertising and public relations activities are unallowable and, therefore, not recoverable through sales. in addition, we may enter into advance agreements with the u.s. government that address the subjects of allowability and allocability of costs to contracts for specific matters. for example, most of the environmental costs we incur for environmental remediation related to sites operated in prior years are allocated to our current operations as general and administrative costs under far provisions and supporting advance agreements reached with the u.s. government.
we closely monitor compliance with and the consistent application of our critical accounting policies related to contract accounting. costs incurred and allocated to contracts are reviewed for compliance with u.s. government regulations by our personnel and are subject to audit by the defense contract audit agency.
postretirement benefit plans overview many of our employees participate in qualified and nonqualified defined benefit pension plans, retiree medical and life insurance plans and other postemployment plans (collectively, postretirement benefit plans – see note 9). the majority of our accrued benefit obligations relate to our qualified defined benefit pension plans and retiree medical and life insurance plans. we recognize on a plan-by-plan basis the net funded status of these postretirement benefit plans under gaap as either an asset or a liability on our balance sheets. there is a corresponding non-cash adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax benefits recorded as deferred tax assets, in stockholders' equity. the gaap funded status represents the difference between the fair value of each plan's assets and the benefit obligation of the plan. the gaap benefit obligation represents the present value of the estimated future benefits we currently expect to pay to plan participants based on past service.
in june 2014, we amended certain of our qualified and nonqualified defined benefit pension plans for non-union employees to freeze future retirement benefits. the freeze will take effect in two stages. beginning on january 1, 2016, the pay-based component of the formula used to determine retirement benefits will be frozen so that future pay increases, annual incentive bonuses or other amounts earned for or related to periods after december 31, 2015 will not be used to calculate retirement benefits. on january 1, 2020, the service-based component of the formula used to determine retirement benefits will also be frozen so that participants will no longer earn further credited service for any period after december 31, 2019. when the freeze is complete, the majority of our salaried employees will have transitioned to an enhanced defined contribution retirement savings plan.
as a result of these plan amendments, we were required to re-measure the assets and benefit obligations for the affected defined benefit pension plans in june 2014. we also elected to re-measure the assets and benefit obligations of substantially all other defined benefit pension plans in june 2014 to align the measurement date across substantially all of our defined benefit pension plans. as a result of the re-measurements, in june 2014 we recorded a net increase of $1.1 billion to our qualified defined benefit pension obligations and a net increase of $79 million to our nonqualified defined benefit pension obligations, which combined resulted in a corresponding increase of $735 million to other comprehensive loss during 2014, net of $402 million of tax benefits.
additionally, in recent years, we have taken other actions to mitigate the effect of our defined benefit pension plans on our financial results, including no longer offering a defined benefit pension plan to non-union represented employees hired after december 2005 and negotiating similar changes with various labor organizations such that new union represented employees do not participate in our defined benefit pension plans. further, during 2014, lump-sum settlement payments of $427 million were made from the defined benefit pension trust to certain former employees who had not commenced receiving their vested benefit payments and the corresponding benefit obligation was reduced by $529 million.
notwithstanding these actions, the impact of these plans and benefits on our earnings may be volatile in that the amount of expense we record and the funded status for our postretirement benefit plans may materially change from year to year because those calculations are sensitive to funding levels as well as changes in several key economic assumptions, including interest rates, rates of return on plan assets and other actuarial assumptions including participant longevity estimates, expected rates of increase in future compensation levels through december 31, 2015 for our non-union plans, and employee turnover, as well as the timing of cash funding.
actuarial assumptions the plan assets and benefit obligations are measured at the end of each year or more frequently, upon the occurrence of certain events such as a plan amendment (as described above), settlement or curtailment. the amounts we record are measured using actuarial valuations, which are dependent upon key assumptions such as discount rates, employee turnover, participant longevity, the expected rates of increase in future compensation levels through december 31, 2015 for our non-union plans, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the health care cost trend rates for our retiree medical plans. the assumptions we make affect both the calculation of the benefit obligations as of the measurement date and the calculation of net periodic benefit cost in subsequent periods. when reassessing these assumptions we consider past and current market conditions and make judgments about future market trends. we also consider factors such as the timing and amounts of expected contributions to the plans and benefit payments to plan participants.
we utilized a discount rate of 4.00% when calculating our benefit obligations related to our defined benefit pension plans at december 31, 2014, compared to 4.75% at december 31, 2013 and 4.00% at december 31, 2012. we utilized a discount rate of 3.75% when calculating our benefit obligations related to our retiree medical plans at december 31, 2014, compared to 4.50% at december 31, 2013 and 3.75% at december 31, 2012. we evaluate several data points in order to arrive at an appropriate discount rate, including results from cash flow models, quoted rates from long-term bond indices and changes in long-term bond rates over the past year. as part of our evaluation, we calculate the approximate average yields on corporate bonds rated aa or better selected to match our projected postretirement benefit plan cash flows.
longevity assumptions are used to estimate the life expectancy of plan participants during which they are expected to receive benefit payments. recent actuarial studies indicate life expectancies are longer and would have the resultant effect of increasing the total expected benefit payments to plan participants. our benefit obligations at december 31, 2014 reflect the new longevity assumptions which had the effect of increasing the qualified defined benefit pension benefit obligations by $3.4 billion.
we utilized an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 8.00% at december 31, 2014, consistent with the rate used at december 31, 2013 and december 31, 2012. the long-term rate of return assumption represents the expected long-term rate of return on the funds invested or to be invested, to provide for the benefits included in the benefit obligations. this assumption is based on several factors including historical market index returns, the anticipated long-term allocation of plan assets, the historical return data for the trust funds, plan expenses and the potential to outperform market index returns. the difference between the long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption we select and the actual return on plan assets in any given year affects both the funded status of our benefit plans and the calculation of fas pension expense in subsequent periods. although the actual return in any specific year likely will differ from the assumption, the average expected return over a long-term future horizon should be approximately equal to the assumption. as a result, changes in this assumption are less frequent than changes in the discount rate.
our stockholders' equity has been reduced cumulatively by $11.8 billion from the annual year-end measurements of the funded status of postretirement benefit plans, inclusive of the $2.9 billion for the 2014 remeasurement. the cumulative non-
cash, after-tax reduction primarily represents net actuarial losses resulting from declines in discount rates from 6.375% at the end of 2007 to 4.00% at the end of 2014 and investment losses incurred during 2008, which will be amortized to expense over the average future service period of employees expected to receive benefits under the plans of approximately 10 years. during 2014, $706 million of these amounts was recognized as a component of postretirement benefit plans expense and about $850 million is expected to be recognized as expense in 2015.
the discount rate and long-term rate of return on plan assets assumptions we select at the end of each year are based on our best estimates and judgment. a change of plus or minus 25 basis points in the 4.00% discount rate assumption at december 31, 2014, with all other assumptions held constant, would have decreased or increased the amount of the qualified pension benefit obligation we recorded at the end of 2014 by approximately $1.5 billion, which would result in an after-tax increase or decrease in stockholders' equity at the end of the year of approximately $1.0 billion. if the 4.00% discount rate at december 31, 2014 that was used to compute the expected 2015 fas pension expense for our qualified defined benefit pension plans had been 25 basis points higher or lower, with all other assumptions held constant, the amount of fas pension expense projected for 2015 would be lower or higher by approximately $125 million. if the 8.00% expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption at december 31, 2014 that was used to compute the expected 2015 fas pension expense for our qualified defined benefit pension plans had been 25 basis points higher or lower, with all other assumptions held constant, the amount of fas pension expense projected for 2015 would be lower or higher by approximately $85 million.
funding considerations we made contributions related to our qualified defined benefit pension plans of $2.0 billion in 2014, $2.25 billion in 2013 and $3.6 billion in 2012, inclusive of amounts in excess of our required contributions. funding of our qualified defined benefit pension plans is determined in a manner consistent with cas and in accordance with the employee retirement income security act of 1974 (erisa), as amended by the pension protection act of 2006 (ppa). our goal has been to fund the pension plans to a level of at least 80%, as determined under the ppa. this erisa funded status is calculated on a different basis than under gaap. in july 2012, the u.s. government passed the moving ahead for progress in the 21st century act of 2012 (map-21), which included a provision that changed the methodology for calculating the interest rate assumption used in determining the minimum funding requirements under the ppa. as a result of map-21 there was an increase in the interest rate assumption, which in turn lowered the minimum funding requirements. the impact of map-21 decreased each year and was scheduled to phase out by 2016. on august 8, 2014, the hatfa was enacted, which extends the methodology put in place by map-21 to calculate the interest rate assumption so that the impact will begin to decrease in 2018 and phase out by 2021. accordingly, the hatfa has the effect of lowering our minimum funding requirements during the affected periods from what they otherwise would have been had the map-21 methodology not been extended. the erisa funded status of our qualified defined benefit pension plans was about 94% and 93% as of december 31, 2014 and 2013. the gaap funded status of our qualified defined benefit pension plans was about 76% and 78% funded at december 31, 2014 and 2013.
contributions to our defined benefit pension plans are recovered over time through the pricing of our products and services on u.s. government contracts, including fms, and are recognized in our cost of sales and net sales. cas govern the extent to which our pension costs are allocable to and recoverable under contracts with the u.s. government, including fms. we recovered $1.5 billion in both 2014 and 2013 and $1.1 billion in 2012 as cas pension costs. effective february 27, 2012, cas rules were revised to better align the recovery of pension costs, including prepayment credits, on u.s. government contracts with the minimum funding requirements of the ppa (referred to as cas harmonization). specifically, cas harmonization shortened the amortization period for allocating gains and losses to u.s. government contracts from 15 to 10 years and requires the use of an interest rate to determine cas pension cost consistent with the interest rate used to determine minimum pension funding requirements under the ppa. while the change in the amortization period was applicable beginning in 2013, there is a transition period for the impact of the change in the cas liability measurement due to the revised interest rate that will be phased in with the full impact occurring in 2017. we expect the incremental impact of cas harmonization will increase successively over years 2014 through 2017, primarily due to the liability measurement transition period included in the amended rule. the enactment of the hatfa also increased the interest rate assumption used to determine our cas pension costs, which has the effect of lowering the recovery of pension contributions during the affected periods as it decreases our cas pension costs.
pension cost recoveries under cas occur in different periods from when pension contributions are made under the ppa. amounts contributed in excess of the cas pension costs recovered under u.s. government contracts are considered to be prepayment credits under the cas rules. as of december 31, 2014, our prepayment credits were approximately $10.8 billion, inclusive of the impacts of hatfa, as compared to $9.6 billion at december 31, 2013. the prepayment balance will increase or decrease based on our actual investment return on plan assets.
trends we do not plan to make contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans in 2015 through 2017 because none are required using current assumptions. however, we anticipate recovering approximately $1.6 billion of cas pension cost in 2015 and our cas recoveries in 2016 and 2017 to be sequentially higher than in 2015 as we begin to recover the $10.8 billion of prepayment credits at december 31, 2014 under the cas rules.
we expect our 2015 fas pension expense to be $1.1 billion, which is less than our 2014 fas pension expense of $1.2 billion, primarily due to the plan amendments announced in june 2014, offset by the impact of the new longevity assumptions and the decline in the discount rate. also, we expect fas/cas pension income in 2015 of about $475 million, as compared to fas/cas pension income of $376 million in 2014, primarily due to higher cas pension costs due to cas harmonization. fas/cas pension income is expected to increase sequentially from 2015 at an approximate 50% rate annually in 2016 and 2017.
environmental matters we are a party to various agreements, proceedings and potential proceedings for environmental cleanup issues, including matters at various sites where we have been designated a potentially responsible party (prp) by the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa) or by a state agency. at december 31, 2014 and 2013, the total amount of liabilities recorded on our balance sheet for environmental matters was $965 million and $997 million. we have recorded receivables totaling $836 million and $863 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013 for the portion of environmental costs that are probable of future recovery in pricing of our products and services for agencies of the u.s. government, as discussed below. the amount that is expected to be allocated to our non-u.s. government contracts or that is determined to not be recoverable under u.s. government contracts has been expensed through cost of sales. we project costs and recovery of costs over approximately 20 years.
we enter into agreements (e.g., administrative orders, consent decrees) that document the extent and timing of our environmental remediation obligation. we also are involved in remediation activities at environmental sites where formal agreements either do not exist or do not quantify the extent and timing of our obligation. environmental cleanup activities usually span many years, which makes estimating the costs more judgmental due to, for example, changing remediation technologies. to determine the costs related to cleanup sites, we have to assess the extent of contamination, effects on natural resources, the appropriate technology to be used to accomplish the remediation and evolving regulatory environmental standards.
we perform quarterly reviews of environmental remediation sites and record liabilities and receivables in the period it becomes probable that a liability has been incurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated (see the discussion under "environmental matters" in "note 1 – significant accounting policies" and "note 12 – legal proceedings, commitments and contingencies" to our consolidated financial statements). we consider the above factors in our quarterly estimates of the timing and amount of any future costs that may be required for remediation activities, which results in the calculation of a range of estimates for a particular environmental site. we do not discount the recorded liabilities, as the amount and timing of future cash payments are not fixed or cannot be reliably determined. given the required level of judgment and estimation, it is likely that materially different amounts could be recorded if different assumptions were used or if circumstances were to change (e.g., a change in environmental standards or a change in our estimate of the extent of contamination).
on july 1, 2014, a regulation became effective in california setting the maximum level of the contaminant hexavalent chromium in drinking water at 10 parts per billion (ppb). in may 2014, the manufacturers and technology association filed a suit alleging the 10 ppb threshold is lower than is required to protect public health and thus imposes unjustified costs on the regulated community. we cannot predict the outcome of this suit or whether other challenges may be advanced by the regulated community or environmental groups which had sought a significantly higher and lower standard, respectively. if the new standard remains at 10 ppb, it will not have a material impact on our existing remediation costs in california. in addition, california is reevaluating its existing drinking water standard with respect to a second contaminant, perchlorate, and the u.s. epa is also considering whether to regulate perchlorate and hexavalent chromium in drinking water. if substantially lower standards are adopted, in either california or at the federal level, for perchlorate or, if the u.s. epa were to adopt a standard for hexavalent chromium lower than 10 ppb, we expect a material increase in our estimates for environmental liabilities and the related assets for the portion of the increased costs that are probable of future recovery in the pricing of our products and services for the u.s. government. the amount that would be allocable to our non-u.s. government contracts or that is determined to not be recoverable under u.s. government contracts would be expensed, which may have a material effect on our earnings in any particular interim reporting period.
under agreements reached with the u.s. government, most of the amounts we spend for environmental remediation are allocated to our operations as general and administrative costs. under existing government regulations, these and other environmental expenditures relating to our u.s. government business, after deducting any recoveries received from insurance or other prps, are allowable in establishing prices of our products and services. as a result, most of the expenditures we incur are included in our net sales and cost of sales according to u.s. government agreement or regulation, regardless of the contract form (e.g. cost-reimbursable, fixed-price). we continually evaluate the recoverability of our environmental receivables by assessing, among other factors, u.s. government regulations, our u.s. government business base and contract mix and our history of receiving reimbursement of such costs.
as disclosed above, we may record changes in the amount of environmental remediation liabilities as a result of our quarterly reviews of the status of our environmental remediation sites, which would result in a change to the corresponding environmental receivable and a charge to earnings. for example, if we were to determine that the liabilities should be increased by $100 million, the corresponding receivables would be increased by approximately $87 million, with the remainder recorded as a charge to earnings. this allocation is determined annually, based upon our existing and projected business activities with the u.s. government.
we reasonably cannot determine the extent of our financial exposure at all environmental sites with which we are involved. there are a number of former operating facilities we are monitoring or investigating for potential future remediation. in some cases, although a loss may be probable, it is not possible at this time to reasonably estimate the amount of any obligation for remediation activities because of uncertainties (e.g., assessing the extent of the contamination). during any particular quarter, such uncertainties may be resolved, allowing us to estimate and recognize the initial liability to remediate a particular former operating site. the amount of the liability could be material. upon recognition of the liability, a portion will be recognized as a receivable with the remainder charged to earnings which may have a material effect in any particular interim reporting period.
if we are ultimately found to have liability at those sites where we have been designated a prp, we expect that the actual costs of remediation will be shared with other liable prps. generally, prps that are ultimately determined to be responsible parties are strictly liable for site cleanup and usually agree among themselves to share, on an allocated basis, the costs and expenses for investigation and remediation. under existing environmental laws, responsible parties are jointly and severally liable and, therefore, we are potentially liable for the full cost of funding such remediation. in the unlikely event that we were required to fund the entire cost of such remediation, the statutory framework provides that we may pursue rights of cost recovery or contribution from the other prps. the amounts we record do not reflect the fact that we may recover some of the environmental costs we have incurred through insurance or from other prps, which we are required to pursue by agreement and u.s. government regulation.
goodwill our goodwill balances were $10.9 billion and $10.3 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013. we perform an impairment test of our goodwill at least annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of goodwill may be impaired. such events or changes in circumstances may include a significant deterioration in overall economic conditions, changes in the business climate of our industry, a decline in our market capitalization, operating performance indicators, competition, reorganizations of our business, u.s. government budget restrictions or the disposal of all or a portion of a reporting unit. our goodwill has been allocated to and is tested for impairment at a level referred to as the reporting unit, which is our business segment level or a level below the business segment. the level at which we test goodwill for impairment requires us to determine whether the operations below the business segment constitute a self-sustaining business for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the operating results.
when testing goodwill for impairment, we initially compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. if the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill of the reporting unit is not impaired. if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we then compare the implied value of the reporting unit's goodwill with the carrying value of its goodwill. the implied value of the reporting unit's goodwill is calculated by creating a hypothetical balance sheet as if the reporting unit had just been acquired. this balance sheet contains all assets and liabilities recorded at fair value (including any assumed intangible assets that may not have any corresponding carrying value in our balance sheet). the implied value of the reporting unit's goodwill is calculated by subtracting the fair value of the net assets from the fair value of the reporting unit. if the carrying value of the reporting unit's goodwill exceeds the implied value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.
we estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using a combination of a discounted cash flow (dcf) analysis and market-based valuation methodologies such as comparable public company trading values and values observed in business acquisitions. determining fair value requires the exercise of significant judgments, including the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, long-term growth rates, discount rates and relevant comparable public company earnings multiples and transaction multiples. the cash flows employed in the dcf analyses are based on our best estimate of future sales, earnings and cash flows after considering factors such as general market conditions, u.s. government budgets, existing firm orders, expected future orders, contracts with suppliers, labor agreements, changes in working capital, long term business plans and recent operating performance. the discount rates utilized in the dcf analysis are based on the respective reporting unit's weighted average cost of capital, which takes into account the relative weights of each component of capital structure (equity and debt) and represents the expected cost of new capital, adjusted as appropriate to consider the risk inherent in future cash flows of the respective reporting unit.
the carrying value of each reporting unit includes the assets and liabilities employed in its operations, goodwill and allocations of amounts held at the business segment and corporate levels. corporate allocations include our postretirement benefit plans liabilities, as determined in accordance with cas, in order to align the basis of the carrying values with the determination of the fair values of our reporting units, which are measured using cas pension cost. cas pension cost is recovered through the pricing of our products and services on u.s. government contracts and, therefore, affects the fair value of each reporting unit. the amount of cas pension liability allocated to each reporting unit is significantly influenced by a number of factors, including the discount rate used to estimate the obligation. on august 8, 2014, the hatfa was enacted, which extended the pension interest rate relief of the prior map-21. as a result, the interest rate used to calculate cas pension costs recovered under our contracts with the u.s. government increased with the resulting effect of decreasing the amount of cas pension liability allocated to each reporting unit, contributing to an increase in the carrying value of each reporting unit.
in the fourth quarter of 2014, we performed our annual goodwill impairment test for each of our reporting units. the results of these tests indicated that the estimated fair values of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values, with the exception of our technical services reporting unit within our mfc business segment. technical services, for which we recorded a $195 million goodwill impairment in 2013, experienced further declines in fair value during 2014. technical services which typically has smaller customer contracts of a shorter duration, has been adversely impacted by market pressures such as lower in-theater support as troop levels are drawn down and increased re-competition on existing contracts that are awarded primarily on the basis of price. as a result, we compared the implied value of that reporting unit's goodwill with the carrying value of its goodwill, and since the carrying value exceeded the implied value, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $119 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 equal to that differential.
we continue to experience uncertainty in our business environment due to significant fiscal and economic challenges facing the u.s. government, our primary customer, as well as market pressures. while initiatives such as the bipartisan budget act provide a more measured and strategic approach to addressing the u.s. government's fiscal challenges, budget reductions, including sequestration, remain a long-term concern as the bipartisan budget act retained sequestration cuts for gfys 2016 through 2021 and the across-the-board spending reduction methodology provided for in the budget control act. generally, our businesses with smaller, short-term contracts are the most susceptible to the impacts of budget reductions, such as our civil reporting unit within our is&gs business segment, technical services reporting unit within our mfc business segment and certain services businesses within our mst business segment. the civil reporting unit has been impacted by the continued downturn in certain federal agencies' information technology budgets and increased re-competition on existing contracts coupled with fragmentation of large contracts into multiple smaller contracts that are awarded primarily on the basis of price.
the carrying value of our civil reporting unit included goodwill of $2.2 billion as of december 31, 2014. currently, we estimate that the fair value of our civil reporting unit exceeds its carrying value by a margin of approximately 15%. budget reductions, contract cancellations and terminations or market pressures could cause our sales, earnings and cash flows to further decline below our current projections. similarly, market factors utilized in the impairment analysis, including long-term growth rates, discount rates and relevant comparable public company earnings multiples and transaction multiples, could negatively impact the fair value of our reporting units. based on our current assessment of these circumstances, we have determined that our civil reporting unit is at risk of a future goodwill impairment should there be further deterioration of projected cash flows, negative changes in market factors or a significant increase in the carrying value of this reporting unit.
impairment assessments inherently involve management judgments regarding a number of assumptions described above. due to the many variables inherent in the estimation of a reporting unit's fair value and the relative size of our recorded goodwill, differences in assumptions could have a material effect on the estimated fair value of one or more of our reporting units and could result in a goodwill impairment charge in a future period.
recent accounting pronouncements in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued a new standard that will change the way we recognize revenue and significantly expand the disclosure requirements for revenue recognition. unless the fasb delays the effective date of the new standard, it will be effective for us beginning on january 1, 2017. see note 1 (under the caption "recent accounting pronouncements") for additional information related to this new standard.