item 1a. risk factors our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock.
we face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins.
competition in the technology sector our competitors range in size from diversified global companies with significant research and development resources to small, specialized firms whose narrower product lines may let them be more effective in deploying technical, marketing, and financial resources. barriers to entry in our businesses are low and software products can part i item 1a be distributed broadly and quickly at relatively low cost. many of the areas in which we compete evolve rapidly with changing and disruptive technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers.
competition among platforms, ecosystems, and devices an important element of our business model has been to create platform-based ecosystems on which many participants can build diverse solutions. a well-established ecosystem creates beneficial network effects among users, application developers, and the platform provider that can accelerate growth. establishing significant scale in the marketplace is necessary to achieve and maintain attractive margins. the strategic importance of developing and maintaining a vibrant ecosystem increased with the launch of the windows 8 operating system, surface, windows phone, xbox one, and associated cloud-based services. we face significant competition from firms that provide competing platforms, applications, and services.
•                                                a competing vertically-integrated model, in which a single firm controls the software and hardware elements of a product and related services, has succeeded with some consumer products such as personal computers, tablets, phones, gaming consoles, and digital music players. competitors pursuing this model also earn revenue from services integrated with the hardware and software platform. we also offer some vertically-integrated hardware and software products and services; however, our competitors in smartphones and tablets have established significantly larger user bases. competing with the vertically integrated model will increase our cost of revenue and reduce our operating margins.
•                                                    we derive substantial revenue from licenses of windows operating systems on personal computers. we face significant competition from competing platforms developed for new devices and form factors such as smartphones and tablet computers. these devices compete on multiple bases including price and the perceived utility of the device and its platform. users are increasingly turning to these devices to perform functions that in the past were performed by personal computers. even if many users view these devices as complementary to a personal computer, the prevalence of these devices may make it more difficult to attract application developers to our platforms. competing operating systems licensed at low or no cost may decrease pc operating system margins. in addition, surface competes with products made by our oem partners, which may affect their commitment to our platform.
•                                             the success of the windows phone platform is an important element of our goal to enhance personal productivity in a mobile-first and cloud-first world. the marketplace among mobile phone platforms is highly competitive. we may face issues in selecting, engaging or securing support from operators and retailers for windows phones due to, for instance, inadequate sales training or incentives, or insufficient marketing support for the windows phone platform.
•                                                   competing platforms have application marketplaces (sometimes referred to as "stores") with scale and significant installed bases on mobile devices.
the variety and utility of applications available on a platform is important to device purchasing decisions. users incur costs to move data and buy new applications when switching platforms. to compete, we must successfully enlist developers to write applications for our marketplace and ensure that these applications have high quality, customer appeal, and value. efforts to compete with these application marketplaces may increase our cost of revenue and lower our operating margins.
business model competition companies compete with us based on a growing variety of business models.
•                                               even as we transition to a mobile-first and cloud-first strategy, the license-based proprietary software model generates most of our software revenue. we bear the costs of converting original ideas into software products through investments in research and development, offsetting these costs with the revenue received from licensing our products. many of our competitors also develop and sell software to businesses and consumers under this model.
part i item 1a
•    other competitors develop and offer free applications, online services and content, and make money by selling third-party advertising. advertising revenue funds development of products and services these competitors provide to users at no or little cost, competing directly with our revenue-generating products.
•                                                  some companies compete with us using an open source business model by modifying and then distributing open source software at nominal cost to end-users and earning revenue on advertising or complementary services and products. these firms do not bear the full costs of research and development for the software. some open source software vendors develop software that mimics the features and functionality of our products.
the competitive pressures described above may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and/or increased operating costs, such as for research and development, marketing, and sales incentives. this may lead to lower revenue, gross margins, and operating income.
our increasing focus on services presents execution and competitive risks.    a growing part of our business involves cloud-based services available across the spectrum of computing devices. in july 2014, our leadership announced its strategic vision to compete and grow as a productivity and platform company for the mobile-first and cloud-first world. at the same time, our competitors are rapidly developing and deploying cloud-based services for consumers and business customers. pricing and delivery models are evolving. devices and form factors influence how users access services in the cloud and sometimes the user's choice of which suite of cloud-based services to use. we are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies. the windows ecosystem must continue to evolve with this changing environment. we are embracing cultural and organizational changes to drive accountability and eliminate obstacles to innovation. besides software development costs, we are incurring costs to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud computing services. these costs will reduce the operating margins we have previously achieved. whether we succeed in cloud-based services depends on our execution in several areas, including:
•   continuing to bring to market compelling cloud-based experiences that generate increasing traffic and market share;
•   maintaining the utility, compatibility, and performance of our cloud-based services on the growing array of computing devices, including pcs, smartphones, tablets, and television-related devices, including gaming consoles;
•   continuing to enhance the attractiveness of our cloud platforms to third-party developers;
•   ensuring our cloud-based services meet the reliability expectations of our customers and maintain the security of their data; and
•   making our suite of cloud-based services platform agnostic, available on a wide range of devices and ecosystems, including those of our competitors.
it is uncertain whether our strategies will attract the users or generate the revenue required to succeed. if we are not effective in executing organizational changes to increase efficiency and accelerate innovation, or if we fail to generate sufficient usage of our new products and services, we may not grow revenues in line with the infrastructure and development investments described above. this may negatively impact gross margins and operating income.
we make significant investments in new products and services that may not be profitable.    we will continue to make significant investments in research, development, and marketing for existing products, services, and technologies, including the windows operating system, the microsoft office system, bing, windows phone, windows server, the windows store, the microsoft azure services platform, office 365, other cloud-based services offerings, and the xbox entertainment platform. we also invest in the development and acquisition of a variety of hardware for productivity, communication and entertainment including pcs, tablets, phones, and gaming devices. investments in new technology are speculative. commercial success depends on many factors, including innovativeness, developer support, and effective distribution and marketing. if customers do not perceive our latest offerings as providing significant new functionality or other value, they may reduce their purchases of new software and hardware products or upgrades, unfavorably affecting revenue. we may not achieve significant revenue from new product, service, and part i item 1a distribution channel investments for several years, if at all. new products and services may not be profitable, and even if they are profitable, operating margins for some new products and businesses will not be as high as the margins we have experienced historically.
developing new technologies is complex and time-consuming. it can require long development and testing periods. significant delays in new releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our revenue.
acquisitions, joint ventures, and strategic alliances may have an adverse effect on our business.    we expect to continue making acquisitions or entering into joint ventures and strategic alliances as part of our long-term business strategy. these transactions involve significant challenges and risks including that the transaction does not advance our business strategy, that we get no satisfactory return on our investment, that we have difficulty integrating new employees, business systems, and technology, or that the transaction distracts management from our other businesses. the success of these transactions will depend in part on our ability to leverage them enhance our existing products and services or develop compelling new ones. it may take longer than expected to realize the full benefits from these transactions, such as increased revenue, enhanced efficiencies, or increased market share, or the benefits may ultimately be smaller than we expected. these events could adversely affect our operating results or financial condition.
in april 2014, we acquired from nokia substantially all of its nds business to accelerate our growth in phones and support the entire windows ecosystem. we may not realize all of the anticipated financial and other benefits from this transaction including operating efficiencies and cost savings. we may not be successful in developing a vibrant and competitive ecosystem for windows-based phones that combines differentiated hardware, software, services, and third-party applications. we may not achieve mobile phone market share targets. we may see lower than expected growth rates for the phone markets. the mix of premium and lower-cost devices we sell may put downward pressure on prices or margins. we may not be effective in executing the restructuring we announced in july 2014 or otherwise integrating the nds business with microsoft's ongoing operations, including matching manufacturing capacity to demand. existing microsoft smart device original equipment manufacturers may respond negatively to the changes in our business or the new competitive environment.
if our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.    we acquire other companies and intangible assets and may not realize all the economic benefit from those acquisitions, which could cause an impairment of goodwill or intangibles. we review our amortizable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. we test goodwill for impairment at least annually. factors that may be a change in circumstances, indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets may not be recoverable, include a decline in our stock price and market capitalization, reduced future cash flow estimates, and slower growth rates in industry segments in which we participate. we may be required to record a significant charge in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets is determined, negatively affecting our results of operations. for example, in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012, we recorded a $6.2 billion charge for the impairment of goodwill in our previous online services division business (devices and consumer other under our current segment structure).
the valuation of acquired assets and liabilities, including goodwill, resulting from the acquisition of nds, is reflective of the enterprise value based on the long-term financial forecast for the business. in this highly competitive and volatile market, we may not realize our forecasts. as a result, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our consolidated financial statements due to an impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets.
we may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights.    protecting our global intellectual property rights and combating unlicensed copying and use of our software and other intellectual property is difficult. while piracy adversely affects u.s. revenue, the impact on revenue from outside the u.s. is more significant, particularly in countries where laws are less protective of intellectual property rights. our revenue in these markets may grow slower than the underlying device market. similarly, the absence of harmonized patent laws makes it more difficult to ensure consistent respect for patent rights. throughout the world, we educate consumers about the part i item 1a benefits of licensing genuine products and obtaining indemnification benefits for intellectual property risks, and we educate lawmakers about the advantages of a business climate where intellectual property rights are protected. reductions in the legal protection for software intellectual property rights could adversely affect revenue.
third parties may claim we infringe their intellectual property rights.    from time to time, others claim we infringe their intellectual property rights. the number of these claims may grow because of constant technological change in the markets in which we compete, the extensive patent coverage of existing technologies, the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, and our offering of first-party devices, such as surface and lumia phones. to resolve these claims we may enter into royalty and licensing agreements on terms that are less favorable than currently available, stop selling or redesign affected products or services, or pay damages to satisfy indemnification commitments with our customers. these outcomes may cause operating margins to decline. besides money damages, in some jurisdictions plaintiffs can seek injunctive relief that may limit or prevent importing, marketing, and selling our products or services that have infringing technologies. in some countries, such as germany, an injunction can be issued before the parties have fully litigated the validity of the underlying patents. we have paid significant amounts to settle claims related to the use of technology and intellectual property rights and to procure intellectual property rights as part of our strategy to manage this risk, and may continue to do so.
we may not be able to protect our source code from copying if there is an unauthorized disclosure of source code.    source code, the detailed program commands for our operating systems and other software programs, is critical to our business. although we license portions of our application and operating system source code to several licensees, we take significant measures to protect the secrecy of large portions of our source code. if a significant portion of our source code leaks, we might lose future trade secret protection for that source code. it may become easier for third parties to compete with our products by copying functionality, which could adversely affect our revenue and operating margins. unauthorized disclosure of source code also could increase the security risks described in the next paragraph.
cyber-attacks and security vulnerabilities could lead to reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to our competitive position.
security of microsoft's information technology threats to information technology ("it") security can take a variety of forms. individual and groups of hackers, and sophisticated organizations including state-sponsored organizations, may take steps that pose threats to our customers and our it. they may develop and deploy malicious software to attack our products and services and gain access to our networks and datacenters, or act in a coordinated manner to launch distributed denial of service or other coordinated attacks. cyber threats are constantly evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. cyber threats can have cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across our internal networks and systems and those of our partners and customers. breaches of our network or data security could disrupt the security of our internal systems and business applications, impair our ability to provide services to our customers and protect the privacy of their data, result in product development delays, compromise confidential or technical business information harming our competitive position, result in theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets, require us to allocate more resources to improved technologies, or otherwise adversely affect our business.
in addition, our internal it environment continues to evolve. often we are early adopters of new devices and technologies. we embrace new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers using methods such as social networking and other consumer-oriented technologies. our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with the speed of these changes as new threats emerge.
security of our product, services, devices and customers' data security threats are a particular challenge to companies like us whose business is technology products and services. threats to our own it infrastructure can also affect our customers. customers using our cloud-based services rely on the security of our infrastructure to ensure the reliability of our services and the protection of their data. hackers part i item 1a tend to focus their efforts on the most popular operating systems, programs, and services, including many of ours, and we expect that to continue. the security of our products and services is important in our customers' purchasing decisions.
to defend against security threats, both to our internal it systems and those of our customers, we must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities, develop mitigation technologies that help to secure customers from attacks even when software updates are not deployed, maintain the digital security infrastructure that protects the integrity of our network, products and services, and provide customers security tools such as firewalls and anti-virus software.
the cost of these steps could reduce our operating margins. if we fail to do these things well, actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products and services could harm our reputation and lead customers to reduce or delay future purchases of products or subscriptions to services, or to use competing products or services. customers may also spend more on protecting their existing computer systems from attack, which could delay adoption of additional products or services. customers may fail to update their systems, continue to run software or operating systems we no longer support, or may fail timely to install security patches. any of these actions by customers could adversely affect our revenue. actual or perceived vulnerabilities may lead to claims against us. although our license agreements typically contain provisions that eliminate or limit our exposure to liability, there is no assurance these provisions will withstand legal challenges. legislative or regulatory action in these areas may increase the costs to develop, implement or secure our products and services.
disclosure of personal data could cause liability and harm our reputation.    as we continue to grow the number and scale of our cloud-based offerings, we store and process increasingly large amounts of personally identifiable information of our customers. the continued occurrence of high-profile data breaches provides evidence of an external environment increasingly hostile to information security. despite our efforts to improve the security controls across our business groups and geographies, it is possible our security controls over personal data, our training of employees and vendors on data security, and other practices we follow may not prevent the improper disclosure of customer data we or our vendors store and manage. improper disclosure could harm our reputation, lead to legal exposure to customers, or subject us to liability under laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. our software products and services also enable our customers to store and process personal data on-premises or, increasingly, in a cloud-based environment we host. like all providers of communications services, government authorities can sometimes require us to produce customer data in response to valid legal orders. in the u.s. and elsewhere, we advocate for transparency concerning these requests and appropriate limitations on government authority to compel disclosure. despite our efforts to protect customer data, perceptions that the privacy of personal information is not satisfactorily protected could inhibit sales of our products or services, and could limit adoption of our cloud-based solutions by consumers, businesses, and government entities. additional security measures we may take to address customer concerns, or constraints on our flexibility to determine where and how to operate datacenters in response to customer expectations or governmental rules or actions, may cause higher operating expenses.
we may have outages, data losses, and disruptions of our online services if we fail to maintain an adequate operations infrastructure.    our increasing user traffic, growth in services and the complexity of our products and services demand more computing power. we spend substantial amounts to build, purchase or lease datacenters and equipment and to upgrade our technology and network infrastructure to handle more traffic on our websites and in our datacenters. these demands continue to increase as we introduce new products and services and support the growth of existing services such as bing, exchange online, office 365, sharepoint online, onedrive, skype, xbox live, microsoft azure, outlook.com, microsoft office web apps, windows stores and microsoft account services. we are rapidly growing our business of providing a platform and back-end hosting for services provided by third-parties to their end users. maintaining, securing and expanding this infrastructure is expensive and complex. inefficiencies or operational failures, including temporary or permanent loss of customer data, could diminish the quality of our products, services, and user experience resulting in contractual liability, claims by customers and other third parties, damage to our reputation and loss of current and potential users, subscribers, and advertisers, each of which may harm our operating results and financial condition.
part i item 1a government litigation and regulatory activity relating to competition rules may limit how we design and market our products.    as a leading global software and device maker, we are closely scrutinized by government agencies under u.s. and foreign competition laws. an increasing number of governments are regulating competition law activities and this includes increased scrutiny in potentially large markets such as china. some jurisdictions also allow competitors or consumers to assert claims of anti-competitive conduct. u.s. federal and state antitrust authorities have previously brought enforcement actions and continue to scrutinize our business.
the european commission closely scrutinizes the design of high-volume microsoft products and the terms on which we make certain technologies used in these products, such as file formats, programming interfaces, and protocols, available to other companies. in 2004, the commission ordered us to create new versions of windows that do not include certain multimedia technologies and to provide our competitors with specifications for how to implement certain proprietary windows communications protocols in their own products. in 2009, the commission accepted a set of commitments offered by microsoft to address the commission's concerns relating to competition in web browsing software, including an undertaking to address commission concerns relating to interoperability. these obligations may limit our ability to innovate in windows or other products in the future, diminish the developer appeal of the windows platform, and increase our product development costs. the availability of licenses related to protocols and file formats may enable competitors to develop software products that better mimic the functionality of our products, which could hamper sales of our products.
our portfolio of first-party devices continues to grow; at the same time our oem partners offer a large variety of devices on our platforms. as a result, increasingly we both cooperate and compete with our oem partners, creating a risk that we fail to do so in compliance with competition rules. regulatory scrutiny in this area may increase. certain foreign governments, particularly in china and other countries in asia, have advanced arguments under their competition laws that exert downward pressure on royalties for our intellectual property. because these jurisdictions only recently implemented competition laws, their enforcement activities are unpredictable.
government regulatory actions and court decisions such as these may hinder our ability to provide the benefits of our software to consumers and businesses, reducing the attractiveness of our products and the revenue that come from them. new competition law actions could be initiated. the outcome of such actions, or steps taken to avoid them, could adversely affect us in a variety of ways, including:
•   we may have to choose between withdrawing products from certain geographies to avoid fines or designing and developing alternative versions of those products to comply with government rulings, which may entail a delay in a product release and removing functionality that customers want or on which developers rely.
•   we may be required to make available licenses to our proprietary technologies on terms that do not reflect their fair market value or do not protect our associated intellectual property.
•   the rulings described above may be precedent in other competition law proceedings.
•   we are subject to a variety of ongoing commitments because of court or administrative orders, consent decrees or other voluntary actions we have taken. if we fail to comply with these commitments we may incur litigation costs and be subject to substantial fines or other remedial actions.
our international operations subject us to potential liability under anti-corruption, trade protection, and other laws and regulations.    the foreign corrupt practices act and other anti-corruption laws and regulations ("anti-corruption laws") prohibit corrupt payments by our employees, vendors, or agents. from time to time, we receive inquiries from authorities in the u.s. and elsewhere about our business activities outside the u.s. and our compliance with anti-corruption laws. while we devote substantial resources to our global compliance programs and have implemented policies, training, and internal controls designed to reduce the risk of corrupt payments, our employees, vendors, or agents may violate our policies. our failure to comply with anti-corruption laws could result in significant fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business, and damage to our reputation. operations outside the u.s. may be affected by changes in trade protection laws, policies and measures, and other regulatory requirements affecting trade and investment. we may be subject to legal liability and reputational damage if we sell goods or services in violation of u.s. trade sanctions on countries such as iran, north korea, cuba, sudan, and syria.
part i item 1a other regulatory areas that may apply to our products and online services offerings include user privacy, telecommunications, data protection, and online content. for example, regulators may take the position that our offerings such as skype are covered by laws regulating telecommunications services. applying these laws and regulations to our business is often unclear, subject to change over time, and sometimes may conflict from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. additionally, these laws and governments' approach to their enforcement, and our products and services, are continuing to evolve. some governments are expressing increasing concern about government surveillance practices around the world and this may lead to increased regulation requiring local hosting obligations or the use of domestic hosting providers. compliance with these types of regulation may involve significant costs or require changes in products or business practices that result in reduced revenue. noncompliance could result in the imposition of penalties or orders we stop the alleged noncompliant activity.
our business depends on our ability to attract and retain talented employees.    our business is based on successfully attracting and retaining talented employees. the market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. we are limited in our ability to recruit internationally by restrictive domestic immigration laws. if we are less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we cannot retain key employees, including key employees of the nds business acquired in april 2014, our ability to develop and deliver successful products and services may be adversely affected. effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success. failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution.
we have claims and lawsuits against us that may result in adverse outcomes.    we are subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits. adverse outcomes in some or all of these claims may result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. the litigation and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties and management's view of these matters may change in the future. a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements could occur for the period in which the effect of an unfavorable final outcome becomes probable and reasonably estimable.
we may have additional tax liabilities.    we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and many foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. in the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. we regularly are under audit by tax authorities. economic and political pressures to increase tax revenues in various jurisdictions may make resolving tax disputes more difficult. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. the results of an audit or litigation could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements in the period or periods for which that determination is made.
we earn a significant amount of our operating income from outside the u.s., and any repatriation of funds currently held in foreign jurisdictions to the u.s. may result in higher effective tax rates for the company. in addition, there have been proposals from congress to change u.s. tax laws that would significantly impact how u.s. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings. although we cannot predict whether or in what form any proposed legislation may pass, if enacted it could have a material adverse impact on our tax expense and cash flows.
our hardware and software products may experience quality or supply problems.    our vertically-integrated hardware products such as xbox consoles, surface devices, lumia smartphones, and other devices we design and market are highly complex and can have defects in design, manufacture, or associated software. we could incur significant expenses, lost revenue, and reputational harm if we fail to detect or address such issues through design, testing, or warranty repairs. we get some device components from sole suppliers. our competitors use some of the same suppliers and their demand for hardware components can affect the capacity available to us. if a component from a sole-source supplier is delayed or becomes unavailable, whether because of supplier capacity constraint or industry shortages, we may not obtain timely replacement supplies, resulting in reduced sales. component shortages, excess or obsolete inventory, or price reductions resulting in inventory adjustments may increase our cost of revenue. xbox consoles and surface devices and lumia phones are assembled in asia and other geographies that may be subject to disruptions in the supply chain, resulting in shortages that would affect our revenue and operating margins. these same risks would apply to any other vertically-integrated hardware and software products we may offer.
part i item 1a our software products also may experience quality or reliability problems. the highly sophisticated software products we develop may contain bugs and other defects that interfere with their intended operation. any defects we do not detect and fix in pre-release testing could cause reduced sales and revenue, damage to our reputation, repair or remediation costs, delays in the release of new products or versions, or legal liability. although our license agreements typically contain provisions that eliminate or limit our exposure to liability, there is no assurance these provisions will withstand legal challenge.
our global business exposes us to operational and economic risks.    we operate in over 100 countries and a significant part of our revenue comes from international sales. the global nature of our business creates operational and economic risks. emerging markets are a significant focus of our international growth strategy. the developing nature of these markets presents several risks, including deterioration of social, political, labor, or economic conditions in a country or region, and difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations. although we hedge a portion of our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our revenue. competitive or regulatory pressure to make our pricing structure uniform might require that we reduce the sales price of our software in the u.s. and other countries.
catastrophic events or geo-political conditions may disrupt our business.    a disruption or failure of our systems or operations because of a major earthquake, weather event, cyber-attack, terrorist attack, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other critical functions. our corporate headquarters, a significant portion of our research and development activities, and certain other essential business operations are in the seattle, washington area, and we have other business operations in the silicon valley area of california, both of which are near major earthquake faults. a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or it systems could harm our ability to conduct normal business operations. providing our customers with more services and solutions in the cloud puts a premium on the resilience of our systems and strength of our business continuity management plans, and magnifies the potential impact of prolonged service outages on our operating results.
abrupt political change, terrorist activity, and armed conflict pose a risk of general economic disruption in affected countries, which may increase our operating costs. these conditions also may add uncertainty to the timing and budget for technology investment decisions by our customers, and may cause supply chain disruptions for hardware manufacturers, either of which may adversely affect our revenue. the long-term effects of climate change on the global economy or the it industry in particular are unclear. environmental regulations or changes in the supply, demand or available sources of energy may affect the availability or cost of goods and services, including natural resources, necessary to run our business. changes in weather where we operate may increase the costs of powering and cooling computer hardware we use to develop software and provide cloud-based services.
adverse economic or market conditions may harm our business.    worsening economic conditions, including inflation, recession, or other changes in economic conditions, may cause lower it spending and adversely affect our revenue. if demand for pcs, servers, and other computing devices declines, or consumer or business spending for those products declines, our revenue will be adversely affected. substantial revenue comes from our u.s. government contracts. an extended federal government shutdown resulting from failing to pass budget appropriations, adopt continuing funding resolutions or raise the debt ceiling, and other budgetary decisions limiting or delaying federal government spending, could reduce government it spending on our products and services and adversely affect our revenues. our product distribution system also relies on an extensive partner and retail network. oems building devices that run our software have also been a significant means of distribution. the impact of economic conditions on our partners, such as the bankruptcy of a major distributor, oem, or retailer, could cause sales channel disruption. challenging economic conditions also may impair the ability of our customers to pay for products and services they have purchased. as a result, allowances for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable may increase. we maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. these investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market, and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by unusual events that affect global financial markets. a significant part of our investment portfolio comprises u.s. government securities. if global credit and equity markets decline for long periods, or if there is a downgrade of the u.s. government credit rating due to an actual or threatened default on government debt, our investment portfolio may be adversely affected and we could determine that more of our investments have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring impairment charges that could adversely affect our financial results.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis ("md&a") is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of microsoft corporation. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to financial statements.
overview microsoft is a technology leader focused on being the productivity and platform company for the mobile-first and cloud-first world. we strive to reinvent productivity to empower people and organizations to do more and achieve more. we create technology that transforms the way people work, play, and communicate across a wide range of computing devices.
we generate revenue by developing, licensing, and supporting a wide range of software products, by offering an array of services, including cloud-based services to consumers and businesses, by designing, manufacturing, and selling devices that integrate with our cloud-based services, and by delivering relevant online advertising to a global audience. our most significant expenses are related to compensating employees, designing, manufacturing, marketing, and selling our products and services, datacenter costs in support of our cloud-based services, and income taxes.
industry trends our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. at microsoft, we push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers, industry trends, and competitive forces.
key opportunities and investments we see significant opportunities for growth by investing research and development resources in the following areas:
•   digital work and life experiences part ii item 7
with investments in these areas, we work to fulfill the evolving needs of our customers in a mobile-first and cloud-first world. we view mobility broadly – not just by devices, but by experiences. today, people move just as quickly into new contexts as to new locations. mobility goes beyond devices users carry with them as they move from place to place, to encompass the rich collection of data, applications, and services that accompany them as they move from setting to setting in their lives. many of our customers are "dual users," employing technology for work or school and also deeply in their personal lives.
digital work and life experiences we believe we can significantly enhance the digital lives of our customers using our broad portfolio of communication, productivity, and information services. we work to deliver digital work and life experiences that are reinvented for the mobile-first and cloud-first world. productivity will be the first and foremost objective, to enable people to meet and collaborate more easily, and to effectively express ideas in new ways. we will design applications as dual use with the intelligence to partition data between work and life while respecting each person's privacy choices. the foundation for these efforts will rest on advancing our leading productivity, collaboration, and business process tools including skype, onedrive, onenote, outlook, word, excel, powerpoint, bing, and dynamics.
we see opportunity in combining these services in new ways that are more contextual and personal, while ensuring people, rather than their devices, remain at the center of the digital experience. we will offer our services across ecosystems and devices outside our own. as people move from device to device, so will their content and the richness of their services. we will engineer applications so users can find, try, and buy them in friction-free ways.
cloud operating system today, businesses face important opportunities and challenges. enterprises are asked to deploy technology that advances business strategy. they decide what solutions will make employees more productive, collaborative, and satisfied, or connect with customers in new and compelling ways. they work to unlock business insights from a world of data. they rely on our technology to manage employee corporate identity, and to manage and secure corporate information accessed and stored across a growing number of devices. to achieve these objectives increasingly businesses look to leverage the benefits of the cloud. helping businesses move to the cloud is one of our largest opportunities, and we believe we work from a position of strength.
the shift to the cloud is driven by three important economies of scale: larger datacenters can deploy computational resources at significantly lower cost per unit than smaller ones; larger datacenters can coordinate and aggregate diverse customer, geographic, and application demand patterns improving the utilization of computing, storage, and network resources; and multi-tenancy lowers application maintenance labor costs for large public clouds. the cloud creates the opportunity for businesses to focus on innovation while leaving non-differentiating activities to reliable and cost-effective providers.
with azure, we are one of very few cloud vendors that run at a scale that meets the needs of businesses of all sizes and complexities. we believe the combination of azure and windows server makes us the only company with a public, private, and hybrid cloud platform that can power modern business. we are working to enhance the return on it investment by enabling enterprises to combine their existing datacenters and our public cloud into a single cohesive infrastructure. businesses can deploy applications in their own datacenter, a partner's datacenter, or in our datacenters with common security, management, and administration across all environments, with the flexibility and scale they desire.
our cloud will also enable richer employee experiences. we enable organizations to securely adopt software-as-a-service applications (both our own and third-party) and integrate them with their existing security and management infrastructure. we will continue to innovate with higher level services including identity and directory services, rich data storage and analytics services, machine learning services, media services, web, and mobile backend services, and developer productivity services. to foster a rich developer ecosystem, our digital work part ii item 7
and life experiences will also be extensible, enabling customers and partners to further customize and enhance our solutions, achieving even more value. our strategy requires continuing investment in datacenters and other infrastructure to support our devices and services, and will bring continued competition with google, amazon, and other well-established and emerging competitors.
device operating system and hardware with our windows device operating system and first-party hardware, we strive to set the standard for productivity experiences. we aim to deliver the richest and most consistent user experience for digital work and life scenarios on screens of all sizes – from phones, tablets, and laptops to tvs and large, multi-touch displays. we are investing to make windows the most secure, manageable, and capable operating system for the needs of a modern workforce. we are working to create a broad developer opportunity by enabling universal windows applications to run across all device targets. we are developing new input/output methods like speech, pen, and gesture to power more personal computing experiences.
we work with an ecosystem of partners to deliver a broad spectrum of windows devices. we also build first-party hardware to set the standard for productivity experiences and stimulate more demand for the entire windows ecosystem, as we do with surface, and with the acquisition of substantially all nokia corporation's ("nokia") devices and services business ("nds") on april 25, 2014, phones. as consumer services and hardware advance, we expect they will continue to better complement one another, connecting the devices people use daily to unique communications, productivity, and entertainment services from microsoft and our partners and developers. we anticipate many new mobile device categories and we anticipate experiences to emerge that span a variety of devices of all screen sizes. we will invest to be on the forefront of this innovation focusing on dual users and their needs across work and life. with the acquisition of nds, we expect our effective tax rate to increase as our business mix changes.
our future opportunity there are several distinct areas of technology that we aim to drive forward. our goal is to lead the industry in these areas over the long term, which we expect will translate to sustained growth. we are investing significant resources in:
•   delivering new high-value digital work and digital life experiences to improve how people learn, work, play, and interact with one another.
•   establishing our windows platform across the pc, tablet, phone, server, other devices, and the cloud to drive a thriving ecosystem of developers, unify the cross-device user experience, and increase agility when bringing new advances to market.
•   building and running cloud-based services in ways that unleash new experiences and opportunities for businesses and individuals.
•   applying machine learning to make technology more intuitive and able to act on our behalf, instead of at our command.
we believe the breadth of our products and services portfolio, our large, global partner and customer base, our growing ecosystem, and our ongoing investment in innovation position us to be a leader in these areas.
economic conditions, challenges, and risks the market for software, devices, and cloud-based services is dynamic and highly competitive. our competitors are developing new software and devices, while also deploying competing cloud-based services for consumers and businesses. the devices and form factors customers prefer evolve rapidly, and influence how users access services in the cloud and in some cases the user's choice of which suite of cloud-based services to use. we must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. to support our strategy of part ii item 7
reinventing productivity to empower every person and every organization to do more and achieve more, we announced a restructuring plan in july 2014. through this restructuring, we strive to increase agility, streamline engineering processes, move faster and more efficiently, and simplify our organization. even if we achieve these goals, the investments we are making in devices and infrastructure will increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins.
we prioritize our investments among the highest long-term growth opportunities. these investments require significant resources and are multi-year in nature. the products and services we bring to market may be developed internally, as part of a partnership or alliance, or through acquisition.
our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. we hire a mix of university and industry talent worldwide. microsoft competes for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment, broad customer reach, scale in resources, the ability to grow one's career across many different products and businesses, and competitive compensation and benefits. aggregate demand for our software, services, and devices is correlated to global macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, which remain dynamic. see a discussion of these factors and other risks under risk factors (part i, item 1a of this form 10-k).
•   revenue deferred on certain devices bundled with other products and services ("bundled offerings"); and
•   revenue deferred on sales of windows 7 with an option to upgrade to windows 8 pro at a discounted price (the "windows upgrade offer").
if our customers choose to license cloud-based versions of our products and services rather than licensing transaction-based products and services, the associated revenue will shift from being recognized at the time of the transaction to being recognized over the subscription period or upon consumption, as applicable.
reportable segments the segment amounts included in md&a are presented on a basis consistent with our internal management reporting. segment information appearing in note 21 – segment information and geographic data of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) is also presented on this basis. all differences between our internal management reporting basis and accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. ("u.s. gaap"), along with certain corporate-level and other activity, are included in corporate and other. operating expenses are not allocated to our segments.
during the first quarter of fiscal year 2014, we changed our organizational structure as part of our transformation to a devices and services company. as a result, information that our chief operating decision maker regularly reviews for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance changed. therefore, we have recast certain prior period amounts to conform to the way we internally managed and monitored segment performance during fiscal year 2014. our reportable segments are described below.
on april 25, 2014, we acquired substantially all of nds for total consideration of $9.5 billion. this amount was greater than the $7.2 billion disclosed previously, primarily due to $1.5 billion of cash acquired, foreign currency movements of $330 million, working capital adjustments of $210 million, and other adjustments of $260 million. see note 9 – business combinations of the notes to financial statements for additional details. nds has been included in our consolidated results of operations starting on the acquisition date. we report the financial performance of the acquired business in our new phone hardware segment. prior to the acquisition of nds, financial results associated with our joint strategic initiatives with nokia were reflected in our d&c licensing segment. the contractual relationship with nokia related to those initiatives terminated in conjunction with the acquisition. with the creation of the new phone hardware segment, the d&c hardware segment was renamed computing and gaming hardware in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014.
part ii item 7
devices and consumer ("d&c")
our d&c segments develop, manufacture, market, and support products and services designed to entertain and connect people, increase personal productivity, help people simplify tasks and make more informed decisions online, and help advertisers connect with audiences. our d&c segments are:
•                                                       d&amp;c licensing, comprising: windows, including all oem licensing ("windows oem") and other non-volume licensing and academic volume licensing of the windows operating system and related software; non-volume licensing of microsoft office, comprising the core office product set, for consumers ("office consumer"); windows phone operating system, including related patent licensing; and certain other patent licensing revenue;
•   computing and gaming hardware, comprising: xbox gaming and entertainment consoles and accessories, second-party and third-party video game royalties, and xbox live subscriptions ("xbox platform"); surface devices and accessories; and microsoft pc accessories;
•   phone hardware, comprising: lumia smartphones and other non-lumia phones, beginning with our acquisition of nds; and
•                                        d&amp;c other, comprising: resale, including windows store, xbox live transactions, and windows phone store; search advertising; display advertising;
office 365 consumer, comprising office 365 home and office 365 personal; studios, comprising first-party video games; our retail stores; and certain other consumer products and services not included in the categories above.
commercial our commercial segments develop, market, and support software and services designed to increase individual, team, and organizational productivity and efficiency, including simplifying everyday tasks through seamless operations across the user's hardware and software. our commercial segments are:
•                                          commercial licensing, comprising: server products, including windows server, microsoft sql server, visual studio, system center, and related client access licenses ("cals"); windows embedded; volume licensing of the windows operating system, excluding academic ("windows commercial"); microsoft office for business, including office, exchange, sharepoint, lync, and related cals ("office commercial"); microsoft dynamics business solutions, excluding dynamics crm online; and skype; and
•                             commercial other, comprising: enterprise services, including premier support services and microsoft consulting services; commercial cloud, comprising office 365 commercial, other microsoft office online offerings, dynamics crm online, and microsoft azure; and certain other commercial products and online services not included in the categories above.
(in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)   2014                     2013            2012      percentage      percentage change 2014     change 2013
fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
revenue increased $9.0 billion or 12%, demonstrating growth across our consumer and commercial businesses, primarily due to higher revenue from server products, xbox platform, commercial cloud, and surface. revenue also increased due to the acquisition of nds. commercial cloud revenue doubled, reflecting continued subscriber growth from our cloud-based offerings.
part ii item 7
gross margin increased $2.3 billion or 4%, primarily due to higher revenue, offset in part by a $6.7 billion or 33% increase in cost of revenue. cost of revenue increased mainly due to higher volumes of xbox consoles and surface devices sold, and $575 million higher datacenter expenses, primarily in support of commercial cloud revenue growth. cost of revenue also increased due to the acquisition of nds.
operating income increased $995 million or 4%, reflecting higher gross margin, offset in part by increased research and development expenses and sales and marketing expenses. key changes in operating expenses were:
•   research and development expenses increased $970 million or 9%, due mainly to increased investment in new products and services in our devices engineering group, including nds expenses, and increased investment in our applications and services engineering group.
•   sales and marketing expenses increased $535 million or 4%, primarily due to nds expenses and increased investment in sales resources, offset in part by lower advertising costs.
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
operating income grew $5.0 billion or 23%, primarily due to the $6.2 billion goodwill impairment charge recorded during the prior year. other key changes in cost of revenue and operating expenses were:
•                                                 cost of revenue increased $2.7 billion or 16%, reflecting increased product costs associated with surface and windows 8, including an approximately $900
million charge for surface rt inventory adjustments, higher headcount-related expenses, payments made to nokia related to joint strategic initiatives, royalties on xbox live content, and retail stores expenses, offset in part by decreased costs associated with lower sales of xbox 360 consoles and decreased traffic acquisition costs.
•   sales and marketing expenses increased $1.4 billion or 10%, reflecting advertising of windows 8 and surface.
•   research and development expenses increased $600 million or 6%, due mainly to higher headcount-related expenses, largely related to the xbox platform.
•   general and administrative expenses increased $580 million or 13%, due to higher legal charges, primarily due to the european commission fine of €561 million (approximately $733 million) for failure to comply with our 2009 agreement to display a "browser choice screen" on windows pcs where internet explorer is the default browser (the "eu fine").
part ii item 7
segment results of operations devices and consumer
(in millions, except percentages)   2014               2013              2012              percentage      percentage change 2014     change 2013
fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
d&c revenue increased $5.6 billion or 17%, primarily due to higher revenue from xbox platform, surface, and windows phone. revenue also increased $2.0 billion due to the acquisition of nds. d&c gross margin decreased slightly, reflecting higher cost of revenue, offset in part by higher revenue. cost of revenue increased $5.7 billion or 47%, due mainly to xbox platform and surface. cost of revenue also increased $1.9 billion due to nds.
d&c licensing d&c licensing revenue decreased $218 million or 1%, due mainly to lower revenue from licenses of windows and office consumer, as well as a decrease in royalty revenue, offset in part by increased windows phone revenue. retail and non-oem sales of windows declined $304 million or 41%, due mainly to the launch of windows 8 in the prior year. windows oem revenue declined $136 million or 1%, due to continued softness in the consumer pc market, offset in part by a 12% increase in oem pro revenue. office consumer revenue declined $243 million or 8%, reflecting the transition of customers to office 365 consumer as well as continued softness in the consumer pc market. the declines in windows oem and office consumer revenue were partially offset by benefits realized from ending our support for windows xp in april 2014. windows phone revenue increased $822 million or 48%, due mainly to the recognition of $382 million revenue under our joint strategic initiatives with nokia, which concluded in conjunction with the acquisition of nds, as well as an increase in phone patent licensing revenue.
d&c licensing gross margin increased $172 million or 1%, primarily due to a $390 million or 20% decrease in cost of revenue. d&c licensing cost of revenue decreased, due mainly to a $411 million or 23% decline in traffic acquisition costs.
part ii item 7
computing and gaming hardware computing and gaming hardware revenue increased $3.2 billion or 49%, primarily due to higher revenue from the xbox platform and surface. xbox platform revenue increased $1.7 billion or 34%, due mainly to sales of xbox one, which was released in november 2013, offset in part by a decrease in sales of xbox 360. we sold 11.7 million xbox consoles during fiscal year 2014 compared with 9.8 million xbox consoles during fiscal year 2013. surface revenue increased $1.3 billion or 157%, due mainly to a higher number of devices and accessories sold.
computing and gaming hardware gross margin decreased slightly, due to a $3.2 billion or 59% increase in cost of revenue, offset in part by higher revenue. xbox platform cost of revenue increased $2.1 billion or 72%, due mainly to higher volumes of consoles sold and higher costs associated with xbox one. surface cost of revenue increased $970 million or 51%, due mainly to a higher number of devices and accessories sold, offset in part by a charge for surface rt inventory adjustments of approximately $900 million in fiscal year 2013.
phone hardware phone hardware revenue was $2.0 billion, reflecting sales of lumia smartphones and other non-lumia phones following the acquisition of nds on april 25, 2014. since the acquisition, we sold 5.8 million lumia smartphones and 30.3 million non-lumia phones.
phone hardware gross margin was $54 million, reflecting revenue of $2.0 billion, offset in part by $1.9 billion cost of revenue, including amortization of acquired intangible assets and the impact of decisions to rationalize our device portfolio.
d&c other d&c other revenue increased $640 million or 10%, due mainly to higher online advertising revenue and office 365 consumer revenue, offset in part by a $213 million decrease in first-party video games revenue, primarily due to the release of halo 4 in the second quarter of fiscal year 2013. online advertising revenue increased $497 million or 14%. search advertising revenue increased 39%, due primarily to increased revenue per search resulting from ongoing improvements in advertising products, higher search volume, and the expiration of north american revenue per search guarantee payments to yahoo! in the prior year, offset in part by a 25% reduction in display advertising revenue. office 365 consumer revenue grew $316 million, primarily reflecting subscriber growth. we ended fiscal year 2014 with over five million subscribers.
d&c other gross margin decreased $276 million or 13%, due to a $916 million or 20% increase in cost of revenue, offset in part by higher revenue. d&c other cost of revenue grew, due mainly to a $541 million or 24% increase in online advertising cost of revenue, reflecting support of online infrastructure. cost of revenue also increased $219 million or 15%, due to higher resale transactions costs.
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
d&c licensing d&c licensing revenue decreased $474 million or 2%, due mainly to lower revenue from licenses of consumer and windows oem, offset in part by increased windows phone revenue. office consumer revenue declined $618 million or 15%, while windows oem revenue declined 10%. these decreases resulted primarily from the impact on revenue of a decline in the x86 pc market, which we estimate declined approximately 9%. windows phone revenue increased $1.2 billion, including an increase in patent licensing revenue and sales of windows phone licenses.
part ii item 7
in may 2013, we announced that we had surpassed 100 million licenses sold for windows 8.
d&c licensing gross margin decreased $196 million or 1%, due to decreased revenue, offset in part by a $278 million or 12% decrease in cost of revenue. d&c licensing cost of revenue decreased, due mainly to lower traffic acquisition costs, offset in part by a $375 million increase in expenses for payments made to nokia related to joint strategic initiatives.
computing and gaming hardware computing and gaming hardware revenue decreased $279 million or 4%, due primarily to lower revenue from the xbox platform, offset in part by surface revenue. xbox platform revenue decreased $1.3 billion or 22%, due mainly to lower volumes of consoles sold, offset in part by higher xbox live subscription revenue. we shipped 9.8 million xbox 360 consoles during fiscal year 2013, compared with 13.0 million xbox 360 consoles during fiscal year 2012. surface revenue was $853 million. the general availability of surface rt and surface pro started october 26, 2012 and february 9, 2013, respectively.
computing and gaming hardware gross margin decreased $1.5 billion or 62%, due to a $1.3 billion or 30% increase in cost of revenue and decreased revenue. computing and gaming hardware cost of revenue increased, primarily due to $1.9 billion in product costs associated with surface, including a charge for surface rt inventory adjustments of approximately $900 million. these costs were offset in part by a $920 million or 24% decrease in xbox platform cost of revenue, due mainly to a decrease in manufacturing and distribution costs associated with lower volumes of xbox 360 consoles sold.
d&c other d&c other revenue increased $415 million or 7%, due mainly to higher advertising revenue, which increased $213 million or 7% to $3.5 billion. search advertising revenue growth was offset in part by a decline in display advertising revenue. search advertising revenue grew primarily due to increased revenue per search, resulting from ongoing improvements in ad products, while display advertising revenue decreased primarily due to industry-wide market pressure. d&c other revenue also increased $202 million or 7%, due mainly to higher volumes of content resold through our online platforms.
d&c other gross margin increased $48 million or 2%, due to increased revenue offset in part by a $367 million or 9% increase in cost of revenue. d&c other cost of revenue increased, due mainly to a $327 million or 28% increase in costs associated with higher volumes of resale transactions, primarily a $257 million increase in royalties on xbox live content. increased traffic acquisition costs were offset in part by lower yahoo! reimbursement costs.
(in millions, except percentages)   2014              2013              2012              percentage      percentage change 2014     change 2013
part ii item 7
fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
commercial revenue increased $4.2 billion or 9%, due mainly to growth in revenue from our on-premises licensing businesses and commercial cloud. collectively, office commercial and office 365 commercial revenue grew 8%. collectively, our server products revenue, including microsoft azure, grew 13%. commercial gross margin increased $3.3 billion or 9%, in line with revenue.
commercial licensing commercial licensing revenue increased $2.3 billion or 6%, due primarily to increased revenue from our server products, as well as higher revenue from windows commercial and office commercial. our server products revenue grew $1.7 billion or 11%, driven primarily by increased sales of microsoft sql server. windows commercial revenue grew $334 million or 10%, due mainly to increased renewal rates and transactional purchases driven by windows xp end of support. office commercial revenue grew $253 million or 1%, and was impacted by customers transitioning to office 365 commercial.
commercial licensing gross margin increased $2.3 billion or 6%, in line with revenue growth.
commercial other commercial other revenue increased $1.9 billion or 33%, due to higher commercial cloud revenue and enterprise services revenue. commercial cloud revenue grew $1.5 billion or 116%, due mainly to higher revenue from office 365 commercial. enterprise services revenue grew $380 million or 9%, due mainly to growth in premier support services.
commercial other gross margin increased $935 million or 102%, due to higher revenue, offset in part by a $952 million or 20% increase in cost of revenue. the increase in cost of revenue was due mainly to higher datacenter expenses, reflecting support of our growing commercial cloud.
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
commercial revenue increased $3.6 billion or 9%, due mainly to growth in revenue from our on-premises licensing businesses and commercial cloud.
commercial licensing commercial licensing revenue increased $2.6 billion or 7%, due to increased revenue from all major commercial offerings. server products revenue increased $1.2 billion or 9%, driven primarily by growth in microsoft sql server, system center, and windows server. office commercial revenue increased $622 million or 4%, reflecting growth in office revenue from volume licensing agreements with software assurance. windows commercial revenue increased $379 million or 13%, reflecting continued support of our platform. skype revenue increased, due primarily to including a full year of results in fiscal year 2013.
commercial licensing gross margin increased $1.8 billion or 5%, due to higher revenue, offset in part by a $762 million or 29% increase in cost of revenue. commercial licensing cost of revenue increased, due to increased costs from all major commercial offerings, including $287 million higher intellectual property licensing costs.
commercial other commercial other revenue increased $1.0 billion or 22%, due to higher commercial cloud and enterprise services revenue. commercial cloud revenue grew $582 million or 82%, due mainly to higher revenue from office 365 commercial. enterprise services revenue grew $434 million or 11%, due to growth in both premier product support and consulting services.
part ii item 7
commercial other gross margin increased $342 million or 59%, due to higher revenue, offset in part by a $674 million or 17% increase in cost of revenue. the increase in cost of revenue was due mainly to higher datacenter expenses, reflecting investment in online operations infrastructure, and increased headcount-related expenses, mainly due to higher enterprise services headcount supporting revenue growth.
(in millions, except percentages)   2014              2013                 2012           percentage      percentage change 2014     change 2013
corporate and other revenue comprises certain revenue deferrals, including those related to product and service upgrade offers and pre-sales of new products to oems prior to general availability.
fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
operating expenses research and development
(in millions, except percentages)   2014                     2013            2012      percentage      percentage change 2014     change 2013
research and development                  $11,381         $10,411          $9,811              9%              6%
as a percent of revenue                       13%             13%             13%            0ppt            0ppt research and development expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with product development. research and development expenses also include third-party development and programming costs, localization costs incurred to translate software for international markets, and the amortization of purchased software code.
fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
research and development expenses increased $970 million or 9%, due mainly to increased investment in new products and services in our devices engineering group, including $275 million of nds expenses, and increased investment in our applications and services engineering group.
part ii item 7
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
research and development expenses increased, reflecting a $460 million or 6% increase in headcount-related expenses, largely related to the xbox platform.
sales and marketing
(in millions, except percentages)   2014                     2013            2012       percentage      percentage change 2014     change 2013
sales and marketing                       $15,811         $15,276         $13,857               4%             10%
as a percent of revenue                       18%             20%             19%           (2)ppt            1ppt sales and marketing expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with sales and marketing personnel and the costs of advertising, promotions, trade shows, seminars, and other programs.
fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
sales and marketing expenses increased $535 million or 4%, primarily due to nds expenses and increased investment in sales resources, offset in part by lower advertising costs. nds sales and marketing expenses were $394 million during fiscal year 2014. average headcount, excluding nds, grew 4%. advertising costs, excluding nds, declined $403 million or 15%, primarily due to windows 8 and surface costs in the prior year.
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
sales and marketing expenses grew, reflecting an $898 million increase in advertising costs associated primarily with windows 8 and surface, $181 million higher fees paid to third-party software advisors, and a $145 million or 2% increase in headcount-related expenses.
(in millions, except percentages)   2014                     2013            2012       percentage      percentage change 2014     change 2013
as a percent of revenue                        6%              7%              6%           (1)ppt            1ppt general and administrative expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, severance expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with finance, legal, facilities, certain human resources and other administrative personnel, certain taxes, and legal and other administrative fees.
fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
general and administrative expenses decreased $328 million or 6%, due mainly to the eu fine in the prior year, offset in part by higher business taxes, higher costs for internal use software capitalized in the prior year, and nds expenses. nds general and administrative expenses were $77 million during fiscal year 2014.
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
general and administrative expenses increased, primarily due to legal charges for the eu fine.
part ii item 7
goodwill impairment we test goodwill for impairment annually on may 1 at the reporting unit level using a discounted cash flow methodology with a peer-based, risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital. no impairment of goodwill was identified as of may 1, 2014 or may 2013. our goodwill impairment test as of may 1, 2012, indicated that the carrying value of our previous online services division reporting unit (in devices and consumer other under our current segment structure) exceeded its estimated fair value. accordingly, we recorded a non-cash, non-tax deductible goodwill impairment charge of $6.2 billion during the three months ended june 30, 2012, reducing the unit's goodwill from $6.4 billion to $223 million.
integration and restructuring integration and restructuring expenses consist of transaction fees and direct acquisition costs, including legal, finance, consulting, and other professional fees. integration and restructuring expenses also include employee compensation and termination costs associated with certain reorganization activities.
integration and restructuring expenses were $127 million for fiscal year 2014, reflecting expenses associated with the acquisition and integration of nds.
net recognized gains on investments                       437                 116                 564
net losses on foreign currency remeasurements            (165   )             (74   )            (117   )
we use derivative instruments to: manage risks related to foreign currencies, equity prices, interest rates, and credit; enhance investment returns; and facilitate portfolio diversification. gains and losses from changes in fair values of derivatives that are not designated as hedges are primarily recognized in other income (expense). other than those derivatives entered into for investment purposes, such as commodity contracts, the gains (losses) are generally economically offset by unrealized gains (losses) in the underlying available-for-sale securities, which are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income ("oci") until the securities are sold or other-than-temporarily impaired, at which time the amounts are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci") into other income (expense).
fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
dividends and interest income increased due to higher portfolio balances. interest expense increased due to higher outstanding long-term debt. net recognized gains on investments increased primarily due to higher gains on sales of equity securities and lower other-than-temporary impairments. other-than-temporary impairments were $106 million in fiscal year 2014, compared with $208 million in fiscal year 2013. net losses on derivatives increased due to higher losses on foreign exchange contracts, losses on equity derivatives as compared to gains in the prior period, offset in part by gains on commodity and interest rate derivatives as compared to losses in the prior period. for fiscal year 2014, other reflects recognized losses from certain joint ventures, offset in part by a recognized gain on a divestiture. for fiscal year 2013, other reflects recognized gains on divestitures, including the gain recognized upon the divestiture of our 50% share in the msnbc joint venture.
part ii item 7
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
dividends and interest income decreased due to lower yields on our fixed-income investments, offset in part by higher average portfolio investment balances. net recognized gains on investments decreased primarily due to lower gains on sales of equity and fixed-income securities and a gain recognized on the partial sale of our facebook holding in the prior year, offset in part by lower other-than-temporary impairments. other-than-temporary impairments were $208 million in fiscal year 2013, compared with $298 million in fiscal year 2012. net losses on derivatives decreased due to gains on equity derivatives in the current fiscal year as compared with losses in the prior fiscal year, and lower losses on commodity and foreign exchange derivatives as compared to the prior fiscal year, offset in part by losses on interest-rate derivatives in the current fiscal year as compared to gains in the prior fiscal year. for the current year, other reflects recognized gains on divestitures, including the gain recognized upon the divestiture of our 50% share in the msnbc joint venture.
income taxes fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
our effective tax rate for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 was approximately 21% and 19%, respectively. our effective tax rate was lower than the u.s. federal statutory rate primarily due to earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and distributing our products and services through our foreign regional operations centers in ireland, singapore, and puerto rico.
our fiscal year 2014 effective rate increased by 2% from fiscal year 2013 mainly due to adjustments of $458 million to prior years' liabilities for intercompany transfer pricing that increased taxable income in more highly taxed jurisdictions, as well as losses incurred by nds and changes in the geographic mix of our business. this was offset in part by favorable transfer pricing developments in certain foreign tax jurisdictions, primarily denmark.
changes in the mix of income before income taxes between the u.s. and foreign countries also impacted our effective tax rates and resulted primarily from changes in the geographic distribution of and changes in consumer demand for our products and services. we supply our windows pc operating system to customers through our u.s. regional operating center, while we supply the microsoft office system and our server products and tools to customers through our foreign regional operations centers. windows pc operating system revenue decreased $655 million in fiscal year 2014, while microsoft office system and server products and tools revenue increased $1.3 billion and $1.6 billion, respectively, during this same period. in fiscal years 2014 and 2013, our u.s. income before income taxes was $7.1 billion and $6.7 billion, respectively, and comprised 26% and 25%, respectively, of our income before income taxes. in fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the foreign income before income taxes was $20.7 billion and $20.4 billion, respectively, and comprised 74% and 75%, respectively, of our income before income taxes.
tax contingencies and other tax liabilities were $10.4 billion and $9.4 billion as of june 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and are included in other long-term liabilities. this increase relates primarily to adjustments to prior years' liabilities for intercompany transfer pricing and adjustments related to our irs audits. while we settled a portion of the i.r.s. audit for tax years 2004 to 2006 during the third quarter of fiscal year 2011, we remain under audit for those years. in february 2012, the i.r.s. withdrew its 2011 revenue agents report and reopened the audit phase of the examination. as of june 30, 2014, the primary unresolved issue relates to transfer pricing which could have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements if not resolved favorably. we have not received a proposed assessment for the unresolved issues and do not expect a final resolution of these issues in the next 12 months. based on the information currently available, we do not anticipate a significant increase or decrease to our tax contingencies for these issues. we also continue to be subject to examination by the i.r.s. for tax years 2007 to 2013.
we are subject to income tax in many jurisdictions outside the u.s. our operations in certain jurisdictions remain subject to examination for tax years 1996 to 2013, some of which are currently under audit by local tax authorities. the resolutions of these audits are not expected to be material to our consolidated financial statements.
part ii item 7
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
our effective tax rate for fiscal years 2013 and 2012 was approximately 19% and 24%, respectively. our effective tax rate was lower than the u.s. federal statutory rate primarily due to earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and distributing our products and services through our foreign regional operations centers in ireland, singapore, and puerto rico.
our fiscal year 2013 effective rate decreased by 5% from fiscal year 2012 mainly due to a nonrecurring $6.2 billion non-tax deductible goodwill impairment charge that was recorded in fiscal year 2012. the goodwill impairment charge increased our effective tax rate by 10% in fiscal year 2012. in addition, in fiscal years 2013 and 2012, we recognized a reduction of 18% and 21%, respectively, to the effective tax rate due to foreign earnings taxed at lower rates. the decrease in our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2013 was primarily offset by a 1% increase related to the eu fine, which is not tax deductible.
changes in the mix of income before income taxes between the u.s. and foreign countries also impacted our effective tax rates and resulted primarily from changes in the geographic distribution of and changes in consumer demand for our products and services. we supply our windows pc operating system to customers through our u.s. regional operating center, while we supply the microsoft office system and our server products and tools to customers through our foreign regional operations centers. windows pc operating system revenue increased $209 million in fiscal year 2013, while microsoft office system and server products and tools revenue increased $696 million and $1.2 billion, respectively, during this same period. in fiscal years 2013 and 2012, our u.s. income before income taxes was $6.7 billion and $1.6 billion, respectively, and comprised 25% and 7%, respectively, of our income before income taxes. in fiscal years 2013 and 2012, the foreign income before income taxes was $20.4 billion and $20.7 billion, respectively, and comprised 75% and 93%, respectively, of our income before income taxes. the primary driver for the increase in the u.s. income before income tax in fiscal year 2013 was the goodwill impairment charge recorded during the prior year.
tax contingencies and other tax liabilities were $9.4 billion and $7.6 billion as of june 30, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and are included in other long-term liabilities. this increase relates primarily to transfer pricing, including transfer pricing developments in certain foreign tax jurisdictions, primarily denmark. while we settled a portion of the i.r.s. audit for tax years 2004 to 2006 during the third quarter of fiscal year 2011, we remain under audit for those years. in february 2012, the i.r.s. withdrew its 2011 revenue agents report and reopened the audit phase of the examination. as of june 30, 2013, the primary unresolved issue relates to transfer pricing which could have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements if not resolved favorably. we do not believe it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the next 12 months because we do not believe the remaining open issues will be resolved within the next 12 months. we also continue to be subject to examination by the i.r.s. for tax years 2007 to 2012.
we are subject to income tax in many jurisdictions outside the u.s. our operations in certain jurisdictions remain subject to examination for tax years 1996 to 2012, some of which are currently under audit by local tax authorities. the resolutions of these audits are not expected to be material to our consolidated financial statements.
financial condition cash, cash equivalents, and investments cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaled $85.7 billion as of june 30, 2014, compared with $77.0 billion as of june 30, 2013. equity and other investments were $14.6 billion as of june 30, 2014, compared with $10.8 billion as of june 30, 2013. our short-term investments are primarily to facilitate liquidity and for capital preservation. they consist predominantly of highly liquid investment-grade fixed-income securities, diversified among industries and individual issuers. the investments are predominantly u.s. dollar-denominated securities, but also include foreign currency-denominated securities in order to diversify risk. our fixed-income investments are exposed to interest rate risk and credit risk. the credit risk and average maturity of our fixed-income portfolio are part ii item 7
managed to achieve economic returns that correlate to certain fixed-income indices. the settlement risk related to these investments is insignificant given that the short-term investments held are primarily highly liquid investment-grade fixed-income securities.
of the cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments at june 30, 2014, $77.1 billion was held by our foreign subsidiaries and would be subject to material repatriation tax effects. the amount of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments held by foreign subsidiaries subject to other restrictions on the free flow of funds (primarily currency and other local regulatory) was $2.6 billion. as of june 30, 2014, approximately 84% of the cash equivalents and short-term investments held by our foreign subsidiaries were invested in u.s. government and agency securities, approximately 5% were invested in corporate notes and bonds of u.s. companies, and approximately 1% were invested in u.s. mortgage-backed securities, all of which are denominated in u.s. dollars.
securities lending we lend certain fixed-income and equity securities to increase investment returns. the loaned securities continue to be carried as investments on our balance sheet. cash and/or security interests are received as collateral for the loaned securities with the amount determined based upon the underlying security lent and the creditworthiness of the borrower. cash received is recorded as an asset with a corresponding liability. our securities lending payable balance was $558 million as of june 30, 2014. our average and maximum securities lending payable balances for the fiscal year were $619 million and $1.3 billion, respectively. intra-year variances in the amount of securities loaned are mainly due to fluctuations in the demand for the securities.
valuation in general, and where applicable, we use quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities to determine the fair value of our financial instruments. this pricing methodology applies to our level 1 investments, such as exchange-traded mutual funds, domestic and international equities, and u.s. government securities. if quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities are not available to determine fair value, then we use quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities or inputs other than the quoted prices that are observable either directly or indirectly. this pricing methodology applies to our level 2 investments such as corporate notes and bonds, common and preferred stock, foreign government bonds, mortgage-backed securities, and certificates of deposit. level 3 investments are valued using internally developed models with unobservable inputs. assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable inputs are an immaterial portion of our portfolio.
a majority of our investments are priced by pricing vendors and are generally level 1 or level 2 investments as these vendors either provide a quoted market price in an active market or use observable inputs for their pricing without applying significant adjustments. broker pricing is used mainly when a quoted price is not available, the investment is not priced by our pricing vendors, or when a broker price is more reflective of fair values in the market in which the investment trades. our broker-priced investments are generally classified as level 2 investments because the broker prices these investments based on similar assets without applying significant adjustments. in addition, all of our broker-priced investments have a sufficient level of trading volume to demonstrate that the fair values used are appropriate for these investments. our fair value processes include controls that are designed to ensure appropriate fair values are recorded. these controls include model validation, review of key model inputs, analysis of period-over-period fluctuations, and independent recalculation of prices where appropriate.
cash flows fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013
cash flows from operations increased $3.4 billion during the current fiscal year to $32.2 billion, due mainly to increases in cash received from customers. cash used in financing increased $246 million to $8.4 billion, due mainly to a $2.0 billion increase in cash used for common stock repurchases, a $1.4 billion increase in dividends paid, and a $324 million decrease in proceeds from the issuance of common stock, offset in part by a $3.4 billion increase in part ii item 7
proceeds from issuances of debt, net of repayments. cash used in investing decreased $5.0 billion to $18.8 billion, due mainly to a $10.5 billion decrease in cash used for net investment purchases, sales, and maturities, offset in part by a $4.4 billion increase in cash used for acquisition of companies and purchases of intangible and other assets, and a $1.2 billion increase in capital expenditures for property and equipment.
fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012
cash flows from operations decreased $2.8 billion during the current fiscal year to $28.8 billion, due mainly to changes in working capital, including increases in inventory and other current assets. cash used for financing decreased $1.3 billion to $8.1 billion, due mainly to a $3.5 billion increase in proceeds from issuances of debt, net of repayments, offset in part by a $1.1 billion increase in dividends paid and a $982 million decrease in proceeds from the issuance of common stock. cash used in investing decreased $975 million to $23.8 billion, due mainly to an $8.5 billion decrease in cash used for acquisitions of companies and purchases of intangible and other assets, offset in part by a $5.8 billion increase in cash used for net investment purchases, maturities, and sales, and a $2.0 billion increase in cash used for additions to property and equipment.
debt we issued debt to take advantage of favorable pricing and liquidity in the debt markets, reflecting our credit rating and the low interest rate environment. the proceeds of these issuances were or will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, funding for working capital, capital expenditures, repurchases of capital stock, acquisitions, and repayment of existing debt.
short-term debt as of june 30, 2014, we had $2.0 billion of commercial paper issued and outstanding, with a weighted-average interest rate of 0.12% and maturities ranging from 86 days to 91 days. the estimated fair value of this commercial paper approximates its carrying value.
we have a $5.0 billion credit facility that expires on november 14, 2018, which serves as a back-up for our commercial paper program. as of june 30, 2014, we were in compliance with the only financial covenant in the credit agreement, which requires us to maintain a coverage ratio of at least three times earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization to interest expense, as defined in the credit agreement. no amounts were drawn against the credit facility during any of the periods presented.
long-term debt as of june 30, 2014, the total carrying value and estimated fair value of our long-term debt were $20.6 billion and $21.5 billion, respectively. these estimated fair values are based on level 2 inputs.
part ii item 7
due date                         face value   stated            effective interest rate     interest rate
(a)   in december 2013, we issued $3.3 billion of debt securities.
(b)   in december 2013, we issued €3.5 billion of debt securities.
(c)   in april 2013, we issued €550 million of debt securities.
the notes in this table are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with our other senior unsecured debt outstanding. interest on these notes is paid semi-annually, except for the euro-denominated debt securities on which interest is paid annually. as of june 30, 2014, the aggregate unamortized discount for our long-term debt was $100 million.
unearned revenue unearned revenue at june 30, 2014 was comprised mainly of unearned revenue from volume licensing programs. unearned revenue from volume licensing programs represents customer billings for multi-year licensing arrangements paid for either at inception of the agreement or annually at the beginning of each coverage period and accounted for as subscriptions with revenue recognized ratably over the coverage period. unearned revenue at june 30, 2014 also included payments for: post-delivery support and consulting services to be performed in the future; xbox live subscriptions and prepaid points; microsoft dynamics business solutions products; office 365 subscriptions; bundled offerings; skype prepaid credits and subscriptions; and other offerings for which we have been paid in advance and earn the revenue when we provide the service or software, or otherwise meet the revenue recognition criteria.
part ii item 7
the following table outlines the expected future recognition of unearned revenue as of june 30, 2014:
share repurchases on september 16, 2013, our board of directors approved a new share repurchase program authorizing up to $40.0 billion in share repurchases. the share repurchase program became effective on october 1, 2013, has no expiration date, and may be suspended or discontinued at any time without notice. as of june 30, 2014, $35.1 billion remained of the $40.0 billion share repurchase program.
during fiscal year 2014, we repurchased 175 million shares of microsoft common stock for $6.4 billion; 128 million shares were repurchased for $4.9 billion under the share repurchase program approved by our board of directors on september 16, 2013 and 47 million shares were repurchased for $1.5 billion under the share repurchase program that was announced on september 22, 2008 and expired september 30, 2013. during fiscal years 2013 and 2012, we repurchased 158 million shares for $4.6 billion and 142 million shares for $4.0 billion, respectively, under the share repurchase program announced on september 22, 2008. all repurchases were made using cash resources.
off-balance sheet arrangements we provide indemnifications of varying scope and size to certain customers against claims of intellectual property infringement made by third parties arising from the use of our products and certain other matters. in evaluating estimated losses on these indemnifications, we consider factors such as the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and our ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. these obligations did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements during the periods presented.
part ii item 7
contractual obligations the following table summarizes the payments due by fiscal year for our outstanding contractual obligations as of june 30, 2014:
construction commitments (b)                   880              0              0               0            880
purchase commitments (d)                    12,995            969            657             153         14,774
other long-term liabilities (e)                  0            354             80             393            827
(a)   see note 12 – debt of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
(b)   these amounts represent commitments for the construction of buildings, building improvements, and leasehold improvements.
(c)   these amounts represent undiscounted future minimum rental commitments under noncancellable facilities leases.
(d)   these amounts represent purchase commitments, including all open purchase orders and all contracts that are take-or-pay contracts that are not presented as construction commitments above.
(e)   we have excluded long-term tax contingencies, other tax liabilities, and deferred income taxes of $13.3 billion from the amounts presented. we have also excluded unearned revenue and non-cash items.
other planned uses of capital we will continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology. additions to property and equipment will continue, including new facilities, data centers, and computer systems for research and development, sales and marketing, support, and administrative staff. we expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years in support of our cloud and devices strategy. we have operating leases for most u.s. and international sales and support offices and certain equipment. we have not engaged in any related party transactions or arrangements with unconsolidated entities or other persons that are reasonably likely to materially affect liquidity or the availability of capital resources.
liquidity we earn a significant amount of our operating income outside the u.s., which is deemed to be permanently reinvested in foreign jurisdictions. as a result, as discussed above under cash, cash equivalents, and investments, the majority of our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments are held by foreign subsidiaries. we currently do not intend nor foresee a need to repatriate these funds. we expect existing domestic cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and cash flows from operations to continue to be sufficient to fund our domestic operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities, such as regular quarterly dividends, debt repayment schedules, and material capital expenditures, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. in addition, we expect existing foreign cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and cash flows from operations to continue to be sufficient to fund our foreign operating activities and cash commitments for investing activities, such as material capital expenditures, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future.
should we require more capital in the u.s. than is generated by our operations domestically, for example to fund significant discretionary activities, such as business acquisitions and share repurchases, we could elect to repatriate future earnings from foreign jurisdictions or raise capital in the u.s. through debt or equity issuances. these alternatives could result in higher effective tax rates, increased interest expense, or dilution of our earnings. we have borrowed funds domestically and continue to believe we have the ability to do so at reasonable interest rates.
part ii item 7
recent accounting guidance recently adopted accounting guidance in december 2011, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued guidance enhancing disclosure requirements about the nature of an entity's right to offset and related arrangements associated with its financial instruments. the new guidance requires the disclosure of the gross amounts subject to rights of set-off, amounts offset in accordance with the accounting standards followed, and the related net exposure. in january 2013, the fasb clarified that the scope of this guidance applies to derivatives, repurchase agreements, and securities lending arrangements that are either offset or subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement, or similar agreements. we adopted this new guidance beginning july 1, 2013. adoption of this new guidance resulted only in changes to the presentation of note 5 – derivatives of the notes to financial statements.
in february 2013, the fasb issued guidance on disclosure requirements for items reclassified out of aoci. this new guidance requires entities to present (either on the face of the income statement or in the notes to financial statements) the effects on the line items of the income statement for amounts reclassified out of aoci. we adopted this new guidance beginning july 1, 2013. adoption of this new guidance resulted only in changes to the presentation of note 19 – accumulated other comprehensive income of the notes to financial statements.
recent accounting guidance not yet adopted in march 2013, the fasb issued guidance on a parent's accounting for the cumulative translation adjustment upon derecognition of a subsidiary or group of assets within a foreign entity. this new guidance requires that the parent release any related cumulative translation adjustment into net income only if the sale or transfer results in the complete or substantially complete liquidation of the foreign entity in which the subsidiary or group of assets had resided. the new guidance will be effective for us beginning july 1, 2014. we do not anticipate material impacts on our consolidated financial statements upon adoption.
in may 2014, as part of its ongoing efforts to assist in the convergence of u.s. gaap and international financial reporting standards, the fasb issued a new standard related to revenue recognition. under the new standard, recognition of revenue occurs when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. in addition, the standard requires disclosure of the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. the new standard will be effective for us beginning july 1, 2017 and early adoption is not permitted. we anticipate this standard will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements, and we are currently evaluating its impact.
application of critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. preparing consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. these estimates and assumptions are affected by management's application of accounting policies. critical accounting policies for us include revenue recognition, impairment of investment securities, goodwill, research and development costs, contingencies, income taxes, and inventories.
revenue recognition revenue recognition for multiple-element arrangements requires judgment to determine if multiple elements exist, whether elements can be accounted for as separate units of accounting, and if so, the fair value for each of the elements.
judgment is also required to assess whether future releases of certain software represent new products or upgrades and enhancements to existing products. certain volume licensing arrangements include a perpetual license for part ii item 7
current products combined with rights to receive unspecified future versions of software products ("software assurance") and are accounted for as subscriptions, with billings recorded as unearned revenue and recognized as revenue ratably over the coverage period.
software updates are evaluated on a case-by-case basis to determine whether they meet the definition of an upgrade, which may require revenue to be deferred and recognized when the upgrade is delivered. if it is determined that implied post-contract customer support ("pcs") is being provided, revenue from the arrangement is deferred and recognized over the implied pcs term. if updates are determined to not meet the definition of an upgrade, revenue is generally recognized as products are shipped or made available.
microsoft enters into arrangements that can include various combinations of software, services, and hardware. where elements are delivered over different periods of time, and when allowed under u.s. gaap, revenue is allocated to the respective elements based on their relative selling prices at the inception of the arrangement, and revenue is recognized as each element is delivered. we use a hierarchy to determine the fair value to be used for allocating revenue to elements: (i) vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value ("vsoe"), (ii) third-party evidence, and (iii) best estimate of selling price ("esp"). for software elements, we follow the industry specific software guidance which only allows for the use of vsoe in establishing fair value. generally, vsoe is the price charged when the deliverable is sold separately or the price established by management for a product that is not yet sold if it is probable that the price will not change before introduction into the marketplace. esps are established as best estimates of what the selling prices would be if the deliverables were sold regularly on a stand-alone basis. our process for determining esps requires judgment and considers multiple factors that may vary over time depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each deliverable.
windows 7 revenue was subject to deferral as a result of the windows upgrade offer, which started june 2, 2012. the offer provided significantly discounted rights to purchase windows 8 pro to qualifying end-users that purchased windows 7 pcs during the eligibility period. microsoft was responsible for delivering windows 8 pro to the end customer. accordingly, revenue related to the allocated discount for undelivered windows 8 was deferred until it was delivered or the redemption period expired.
impairment of investment securities we review investments quarterly for indicators of other-than-temporary impairment. this determination requires significant judgment. in making this judgment, we employ a systematic methodology quarterly that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in evaluating potential impairment of our investments. if the cost of an investment exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other factors, general market conditions, credit quality of debt instrument issuers, the duration and extent to which the fair value is less than cost, and for equity securities, our intent and ability to hold, or plans to sell, the investment. for fixed-income securities, we also evaluate whether we have plans to sell the security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery. we also consider specific adverse conditions related to the financial health of and business outlook for the investee, including industry and sector performance, changes in technology, and operational and financing cash flow factors. once a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded to other income (expense) and a new cost basis in the investment is established. if market, industry, and/or investee conditions deteriorate, we may incur future impairments.
goodwill we allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the business combination. we evaluate our reporting units on an annual basis and, if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below an operating segment) on an annual basis (may 1 for us) and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit.
part ii item 7
application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. the fair value of each reporting unit is estimated primarily through the use of a discounted cash flow methodology. this analysis requires significant judgments, including estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, estimation of the long-term rate of growth for our business, estimation of the useful life over which cash flows will occur, and determination of our weighted average cost of capital.
the estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions, and other factors. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and goodwill impairment for each reporting unit.
the valuation of acquired assets and liabilities, including goodwill, resulting from the acquisition of nds, is reflective of the enterprise value based on the long-term financial forecast for the business. in this highly competitive and volatile market, it is possible that we may not realize our forecasts. given the value assigned to goodwill in the purchase price allocation, we will closely monitor the performance of the business versus the long-term forecast to determine if any impairments arise.
research and development costs costs incurred internally in researching and developing a computer software product are charged to expense until technological feasibility has been established for the product. once technological feasibility is established, all software costs are capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers. judgment is required in determining when technological feasibility of a product is established. we have determined that technological feasibility for our software products is reached after all high-risk development issues have been resolved through coding and testing. generally, this occurs shortly before the products are released to manufacturing. the amortization of these costs is included in cost of revenue over the estimated life of the products.
legal and other contingencies the outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty. an estimated loss from a loss contingency such as a legal proceeding or claim is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. in determining whether a loss should be accrued we evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. changes in these factors could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.
income taxes the objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in an entity's financial statements or tax returns. we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. accounting literature also provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, and income tax disclosures. judgment is required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns. variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.
inventories inventories are stated at average cost, subject to the lower of cost or market. cost includes materials, labor, and manufacturing overhead related to the purchase and production of inventories. we regularly review inventory part ii item 7
quantities on hand, future purchase commitments with our suppliers, and the estimated utility of our inventory. these reviews include analysis of demand forecasts, product life cycle status, product development plans, current sales levels, pricing strategy, and component cost trends. if our review indicates a reduction in utility below carrying value, we reduce our inventory to a new cost basis through a charge to cost of revenue. the determination of market value and the estimated volume of demand used in the lower of cost or market analysis require significant judgment.
part ii item 7
statement of management's responsibility for financial statements management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and related information that are presented in this report. the consolidated financial statements, which include amounts based on management's estimates and judgments, have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
the company designs and maintains accounting and internal control systems to provide reasonable assurance at reasonable cost that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that the financial records are reliable for preparing consolidated financial statements and maintaining accountability for assets. these systems are augmented by written policies, an organizational structure providing division of responsibilities, careful selection and training of qualified personnel, and a program of internal audits.
the company engaged deloitte & touche llp, an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit and render an opinion on the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states).
the board of directors, through its audit committee, consisting solely of independent directors of the company, meets periodically with management, internal auditors, and our independent registered public accounting firm to ensure that each is meeting its responsibilities and to discuss matters concerning internal controls and financial reporting. deloitte & touche llp and the internal auditors each have full and free access to the audit committee.
satya nadella chief executive officer amy e. hood executive vice president and chief financial officer frank h. brod corporate vice president, finance and administration;