item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following commentary should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
executive overview restatement of previously issued consolidated financial statements we have restated our previously issued consolidated financial statements contained in this annual report on form 10-k. refer to the "explanatory note" preceding item 1, business, for background on the restatement, the periods impacted, control considerations, and other information. in addition, we have restated certain previously reported financial information as of december 31, 2018 and for the fiscal years ended december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017 in this item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, including but not limited to information within the results of operations section. see note 2, restatement of previously issued consolidated financial statements, in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, for additional information related to the restatement, including descriptions of the misstatements and the impacts on our consolidated financial statements.
description of the company and business segments we manage our business based on three geographic segments: americas (north and south america), emea (europe, middle east and africa) and apac (asia-pacific). each of our segments provides a broad portfolio of essential healthcare products including acute and chronic dialysis therapies; sterile iv solutions; infusion systems and devices; parenteral nutrition therapies; inhaled anesthetics; generic injectable pharmaceuticals; and surgical hemostat and sealant products. our global footprint and the critical nature of our products and services play a key role in expanding access to healthcare in emerging and developed countries. these products are used by hospitals, kidney dialysis centers, nursing homes, rehabilitation centers, doctors' offices and patients at home under physician supervision.
for financial information about our segments, see note 18 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
recent business combinations and asset acquisitions cheetah medical in october 2019, we acquired 100 percent of cheetah medical, inc. (cheetah) for total upfront cash consideration of $195 million, net of cash acquired, with the potential for additional cash consideration, up to $40 million, based on clinical and commercial milestones for which the acquisition date fair value was $18 million. cheetah is a leading provider of hemodynamic monitoring technologies. refer to note 4 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding the acquisition of cheetah.
recothrom and preveleak in march 2018, we acquired two hemostat and sealant products from mallinckrodt plc: recothrom thrombin topical (recombinant), the first and only stand-alone recombinant thrombin, and preveleak surgical sealant, which is used in vascular reconstruction. the purchase price included an upfront payment of approximately $163 million and potential contingent payments in the future. refer to note 4 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding the acquisition of the recothrom and preveleak products.
claris injectables limited in july 2017, we acquired 100 percent of claris injectables limited (claris), a wholly owned subsidiary of claris lifesciences limited, for total cash consideration of approximately $629 million, net of cash acquired. through the acquisition, we added capabilities in production of essential generic injectable medicines, such as anesthesia and analgesics, renal, anti-infectives and critical care in a variety of presentations including bags, vials and ampoules. refer to note 4 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding the acquisition of claris.
seprafilm adhesion barrier in december 2019, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire seprafilm adhesion barrier (seprafilm) from sanofi. the transaction closed in february 2020 and we paid approximately $345 million for the acquired assets, subject to a post-close adjustment. seprafilm is indicated for use in patients undergoing abdominal or pelvic laparotomy as an adjunct intended to reduce the incidence, extent and severity of postoperative adhesions between the abdominal wall and the underlying viscera such as omentum, small bowel, bladder, and stomach, and between the uterus and surrounding structures such as tubes and ovaries, large bowel, and bladder. as the acquisition was completed after december 31, 2019, our consolidated financial statements do not include the financial condition or results of operations of seprafilm in any of the periods presented herein.
financial results our global net sales totaled $11.4 billion in 2019, an increase of 2% over 2018 on a reported basis and 5% on a constant currency basis. international sales totaled $6.5 billion in 2019, an increase of 3% compared to 2018 on a reported basis and 7% on a constant currency basis. sales in the united states totaled $4.8 billion in 2019, an increase of 2% compared to 2018. refer to the net sales discussion in the results of operations section below for more information related to changes in net sales on a constant currency basis.
our income from continuing operations totaled $1.0 billion, or $1.93 per diluted share, in 2019. income from continuing operations in 2019 included special items which resulted in a net decrease to income from continuing operations of $716 million, or $1.38 per diluted share. our special items are discussed in the results of operations section below.
our financial results included r&d expenses totaling $595 million in 2019, which reflects our focus on balancing increased investments to support our new product pipeline with efforts to optimize overall r&d spending.
our financial position remains strong, with operating cash flows from continuing operations totaling $2.1 billion in 2019. we have continued to execute on our disciplined capital allocation framework, which is designed to optimize stockholder value creation through reinvestment in our businesses, dividends and share repurchases, as well as acquisitions and other business development initiatives as discussed in the strategic objectives section below.
capital expenditures totaled $696 million in 2019 as we continue to invest across our businesses to support future growth, including additional investments in support of new and existing product capacity expansions. our investments in capital expenditures in 2019 were focused on projects that improve production efficiency and enhance manufacturing capabilities to support our strategy of geographic expansion with select investments in growing markets.
we also continued to return value to our stockholders in the form of dividends. during 2019, we paid cash dividends to our stockholders totaling $423 million. additionally, in 2019 we repurchased 16.5 million shares through cash repurchases pursuant to rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans, an accelerated share repurchase plan and otherwise. for information on our share repurchase plans, see note 10 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
strategic objectives we continue to focus on several key objectives to successfully execute our long-term strategy to achieve sustainable growth and deliver enhanced stockholder value. our diversified and broad portfolio of medical products that treat life-threatening acute or chronic conditions and our global presence are core components of our strategy to achieve these objectives. we are focused on three strategic factors as part of our pursuit of industry leading performance: optimizing our core portfolio globally; operational excellence focused on streamlining our cost structure and enhancing operational efficiency; and maintaining a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation.
optimizing the core portfolio globally our global product portfolio optimization strategy identifies products that we believe to have characteristics of core growth, products that we expect to provide us with a core return on capital, products that we intend to maintain or manage differently and products that we consider to be strategic bets. for products with core growth characteristics, we look to invest for long-term, higher margin growth. for products that we expect to generate a core return on capital, we seek to optimize our return on investment and to maintain or enhance our market position. for products that we intend to maintain or manage differently, we look to sustain or reposition our underlying investment. finally, we are evaluating our market position and investment strategy for products that we consider to be strategic bets.
as part of our portfolio management strategy, we seek to optimize our position in product areas where we have a stable, profitable business model, identify and alter investments in products that have reached the end of their life cycles or for which market positions have evolved unfavorably. in the course of doing so, we expect to continue to reallocate capital to more promising opportunities or business groupings, as described above.
as part of this strategy, we are shifting our investments to drive innovation in product areas where we have compelling opportunities to serve patients and healthcare professionals while advancing the business and we are accelerating the pace in which we bring these advances to market. we are in the midst of launching several new products, geographic expansions and line extensions by 2023 including in such areas as chronic and acute renal care, smart pump technology, hospital pharmaceuticals and nutritionals, surgical sealants, and more. these comprise a mix of entirely new offerings, improvements on existing technologies, and the expansion of current products into new geographies.
operational excellence we have undertaken a comprehensive review of all aspects of our operations and are actively implementing changes in line with our business goals. as part of our pursuit of improved margin performance, we are working to optimize our cost structure and we are critically assessing optimal support levels in light of our ongoing portfolio optimization efforts. we intend to continue to actively manage our cost structure to help ensure that we are committing resources to the highest value uses. such high value activities include supporting innovation, building out the portfolio, expanding patient access and accelerating growth for our stockholders.
maintaining disciplined and balanced capital allocation our capital allocation strategies include the following:
•reinvest in the business by funding opportunities that are positioned to deliver sustainable growth, support our innovation efforts and improve margin performance;
•return capital to stockholders through dividends, which we expect to meaningfully increase with earnings growth;
•share repurchases; and
•identify and pursue accretive merger and acquisition (m&a) opportunities.
responsible corporate citizen we strive for continued growth and profitability, while furthering our focus on acting as a responsible corporate citizen. to us, sustainability means creating lasting social, environmental and economic value by addressing the needs of our wide-ranging stakeholder base. our comprehensive sustainability program is focused on areas in which we are uniquely positioned to make a positive impact. priorities include providing employees a safe, healthy and inclusive workplace, fostering a culture that drives integrity, strengthening access to healthcare, enhancing math and science education, and driving environmental performance across the product life cycle, including development, manufacturing and transport. along with the baxter international foundation, we provide financial support and product donations in support of critical needs, from assisting underserved communities to providing emergency relief for countries experiencing natural disasters.
throughout 2019, we continued to implement a range of water conservation strategies and facility-based energy saving initiatives. in the area of product stewardship and life cycle management, we are pursuing efforts such as sustainable design and reduced packaging. we are also responding to the challenges of climate change through innovative greenhouse gas emissions-reduction programs, such as shifting to less carbon-intensive energy sources in manufacturing and transport. additionally, we developed new long-term goals to drive continued environmental stewardship while creating healthier, more sustainable communities where our employees work and live.
risk factors our ability to sustain long-term growth and successfully execute the strategies discussed above depends in part on our ability to manage within an increasingly competitive and regulated environment and to address the other risk factors described in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k.
results of operations special items the following table provides a summary of our special items and the related impact by line item on our results of continuing operations for 2019, 2018 and 2017.
