Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. We operate our business around the world, including in numerous developing economies where companies and government officials are more likely to engage in business practices that are prohibited by domestic and foreign laws and regulations. We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions, and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and we are continuously in the process of reviewing, upgrading, and enhancing certain of our policies and procedures. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events, including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans may not be successful in preventing or mitigating the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. A disruption of our data centers could have a materially adverse effect on our business. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems. If any of these systems fails to operate properly or becomes disabled even for a brief period of time, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation. We have programs in place to prevent, detect, and respond to data or cyber security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, we may be unable or fail to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate or timely preventive or responsive measures. As these threats continue to evolve and increase, we may be required to invest significant additional resources to modify and enhance our information security and controls and to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. Our ability to grow and provide our clients with competitive services is partially dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly motivated people with the skills to serve our clients. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information and client funds, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. We have been and will be undertaking certain transformation initiatives, which are designed to streamline our organization, extend our world-class distribution and strengthen our talent and culture, while supporting our revenue growth, margin improvement, and productivity. If we do not successfully manage and execute these initiatives, or if they are inadequate or ineffective, we may fail to meet our financial goals and achieve anticipated benefits, improvements may be delayed or not realized, and our business, operations, and competitive position could be adversely affected. We are continuously upgrading, enhancing, and expanding our existing solutions and services to remain competitive and responsive to client demands. Our financial condition and balance sheet remain solid, and we have benefited from the tax cuts and jobs act, which will continue our disciplined approach to capital allocation decisions. We maintain a high percentage of recurring revenues and healthy margins, and retain our ability to generate consistent healthy cash flows.