This report and other documents we file with the SEC contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about us, our future performance, our business, our beliefs, and our management's assumptions. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Our business has and will continue to be impacted by legislative actions changing U.S. federal reimbursement policy. For example, changing federal coverage and reimbursement policies and practices have impacted and may continue to impact access to and sales of our products. Our business is also subject to the risks that affect many other companies, such as employment relations, general economic conditions, geopolitical events, and international operations. In this dynamic environment, we are unable to predict which or how many of these various federal policy, legislative, or regulatory changes may ultimately be enacted, to the extent that these or other federal government initiatives decrease or modify the coverage or reimbursement available for our products, limit our ability to offer co-pay payment assistance to commercial patients, or otherwise reduce the use of our U.S. products, such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Significant consolidation in the health insurance industry has resulted in a few large insurers and PBMs exerting greater pressure in pricing and usage negotiations with drug manufacturers, significantly increasing discounts and rebates required of manufacturers and limiting patient access and usage. Our products face substantial competition, and we operate in a highly competitive environment. We expect that our products will compete with new drugs currently in development, drugs currently approved for other indications that may later be approved for the same indications as those of our products, and drugs approved for other indications that are used off-label. Our ability to adequately and timely manufacture and supply our products is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our facilities and those of our third-party contract manufacturers, which may be impacted by natural or other disasters, including hurricanes, earthquakes, or labor disputes. A substantial disruption in our ability to operate our manufacturing facility could materially and adversely affect our ability to supply our products and affect our product sales. The impact of Hurricane Maria placed greater stress on the island's already challenged economy, and future storms or other disasters could cause a more significant impact on our manufacturing operations. We believe our accrual for income tax liabilities is appropriate based on past experience, interpretations of tax law, and judgments about potential actions by tax authorities; however, due to the complexity of the provision for income taxes, the ultimate resolution of any tax matters may result in payments greater or less than amounts accrued. We must develop new products over time to provide for revenue growth and to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or competing products are launched. Our transformation and process improvement efforts across the company are enabling us to reallocate resources to fund many of our innovative pipeline and growth opportunities that deliver value to patients and stockholders. We continue to invest in the monitoring, protection, and resilience of our critical or sensitive data and systems. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts will detect, prevent, or fully recover systems or data from all breakdowns, service interruptions, attacks, or breaches of our systems that could adversely affect our business and operations.