We face intense competition, and our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, which places significant strain on our management, operational, financial, and other resources. Our expansion into new products, services, technologies, and geographic regions subjects us to additional business, legal, financial, and competitive risks. We may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results. Our international operations expose us to a number of risks, including local economic and political conditions, government regulation, and compliance with various laws, which may limit our operational flexibility. As international physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retail and other services grow, competition will intensify, and we may not be able to hire, train, retain, and manage required personnel, which may limit our international growth. Our ability to optimize and operate our fulfillment network and data centers is critical; failure to do so could result in excess or insufficient capacity, increased costs, or harm to our business. We experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our websites and services unavailable or slow to respond, which may reduce our net sales and the attractiveness of our products and services. Our computer and communications systems could be damaged or interrupted by various events, which could prevent us from accepting and fulfilling customer orders and providing services. We are exposed to significant inventory risks that may adversely affect our operating results as a result of seasonality, new product launches, and changes in consumer demand. We depend on our senior management and other key personnel, and the loss of any of our executive officers or other key employees could harm our business. We could be harmed by data loss or other security breaches, which could expose us or our customers to a risk of loss or misuse of information. Our present and future e-commerce services agreements create additional risks, including disruption of our ongoing business and variability in revenue and income. We may not be able to enter into additional commercial relationships and strategic alliances on favorable terms, and as our agreements terminate, we may be unable to renew or replace these agreements on comparable terms. We also face risks related to government contracts and product liability claims, which could negatively impact our operational continuity. Our liquidity is affected by restricted cash balances and our ability to manage working capital effectively. We continually evaluate opportunities to sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain credit facilities, or repurchase common stock, which may affect our financial position. Our financial focus is on long-term, sustainable growth in free cash flows, driven primarily by increasing operating income and efficiently managing working capital. We seek to invest efficiently in technology and content to enhance the customer experience and improve process efficiencies. We believe that advances in technology will continue to improve the consumer experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people's lives. We expect spending in technology and content will increase over time as we add employees and technology infrastructure.