In the course of conducting our business operations, we are exposed to a variety of risks, some of which are inherent in the financial services industry and others that are specific to our own businesses. Our risk management framework is designed to minimize risk and loss, enabling us to maintain operational continuity and positive adjustment under challenging conditions. We take a comprehensive approach to risk management with a defined risk framework and an articulated risk appetite statement approved annually by the enterprise risk committee and the board. The seven key types of risk faced by the corporation are strategic, credit, market, liquidity, compliance, operational, and reputational risks. Strategic risk arises from incorrect assumptions about external or internal factors, inappropriate business plans, ineffective strategy execution, or failure to respond timely to changes in the regulatory, macroeconomic, or competitive environments. Our strategic plan is consistent with our risk appetite, capital plan, and liquidity requirements, specifically addressing strategic risks. 

We conduct capital scenario management and stress forecasting to understand balance sheet, earnings, and capital sensitivities to certain economic and business scenarios, including economic and market conditions that are more severe than anticipated. These stress forecasts provide insight into the potential impacts from our risk profile on the balance sheet, earnings, and capital, serving as a key component of our capital and risk management practices. We maintain contingency plans designed to prepare us to respond to potential adverse economic, financial, or market stress, including our capital contingency plan and financial contingency and recovery plan. 

We also have established protocols to manage operational risk, which includes the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed processes, people, systems, or external events. Our operational risk management program is designed to ensure that business processes are executed effectively, and we actively monitor and assess the performance of our processes and controls. Our businesses rely on effective access management and the secure collection, processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval of confidential information. 

In times of market stress or unforeseen circumstances, previously uncorrelated indicators may become correlated, which may limit the effectiveness of our hedging strategies and cause significant losses. We utilize various models and strategies to assess and control our market risk exposures, but those are subject to inherent limitations. Our liquidity risk management objective is to meet expected or unexpected cash flow and collateral needs while continuing to support our businesses and customers under a range of economic conditions. We analyze and monitor our liquidity risk under expected and stressed conditions, maintaining liquidity and access to diverse funding sources. 

We have developed and maintain contingency funding plans that outline potential responses to liquidity stress events of varying severity. Our liquidity stress analysis assists us in determining appropriate amounts of liquidity to maintain at the parent company and our subsidiaries to meet contractual and contingent cash outflows under a range of scenarios. We also conduct daily backtesting on the value-at-risk results used for regulatory capital calculations and key legal entities, ensuring our risk management practices are robust and effective in maintaining organizational resilience.