We face certain risks in connection with our proposed acquisition of Celgene, which may disrupt our ongoing business and affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers, suppliers, and other stakeholders. Difficulties may arise during the process of combining the operations of our companies that could result in the failure to achieve anticipated benefits. The success of the acquisition will depend on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from successfully combining our and Celgene's businesses. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients in a focused set of disease areas, and if we are unable to successfully execute on this strategy, it could negatively impact our future results of operations and market capitalization. We are committed to investigating Opdivo alone and in combination with Yervoy and other anti-cancer agents for a wide array of tumor types, which positions us well for the future. Our operating model continues to evolve, and we have been successful in focusing commercial, R&D, and manufacturing resources on prioritized brands and markets, strengthening our R&D capabilities in tumor biology, patient selection, and new biomarkers. This evolution in our operating model will enable us to deliver the necessary strategic, financial, and operational flexibility to invest in the highest priority opportunities within our portfolio. We also depend on several key products for most of our revenues, and a reduction in revenue from any of these products could adversely impact our earnings and cash flows. We may experience difficulties or delays in the development and commercialization of new products, and the inability to bring a product to market or a significant delay in the expected approval and related launch date of a new product could negatively impact our revenues and earnings. The failure of third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, and other obligations could adversely affect our business, as we rely on suppliers, vendors, outsourcing partners, and alliance partners to research, develop, manufacture, and commercialize our products. Additionally, we are subject to various U.S. and international laws and regulations, and the costs of compliance with such laws and regulations could adversely affect our business and financial condition. We have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and IT to reduce risks associated with cybersecurity threats, which have been rapidly evolving in sophistication. The increasing pressures from market access, pricing, and discounting could negatively affect our revenues and profit margins. Our ability to attract and retain highly qualified personnel is crucial for successfully developing and commercializing products, and competition for qualified personnel in the biopharmaceutical field is intense. The anticipated benefits of our acquisition may not be realized fully within the expected timeframe or at all, which could materially impact our business, cash flow, financial condition, or results of operations. We continue to monitor the potential impact of economic conditions in certain countries and the related impact on prescription trends, pricing discounts, and creditworthiness of our customers, which may affect our liquidity and financial flexibility.