Our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. We face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with the rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We continue to experience pressures across many of our businesses due to competitive activity, increased market power of our customers as the healthcare industry consolidates, economic pressures experienced by our customers, and the impact of managed care organizations and other third-party payers. These and other factors may adversely impact market sizes, as well as our share of the markets in which we compete, the average selling prices for our products, or medical procedure volumes. Continued consolidation in the healthcare industry or additional governmental controls exerted over pricing in key markets could lead to increased demands for price concessions or limit or eliminate our ability to sell to certain of our significant market segments, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. The ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for their products and services from private and governmental third-party payers is critical to the success of medical technology companies because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. Our international operations are subject to a number of market, business, financial, legal, and regulatory risks and uncertainties that could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We are subject to extensive and dynamic medical device regulation, which may impede or hinder the approval or sale of our products and, in some cases, may ultimately result in an inability to obtain approval of certain products or may result in the recall or seizure of previously approved products. Our products are continually subject to clinical trials conducted by us, our competitors, or other third parties, the results of which may be unexpected or perceived as unfavorable by the market, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or future prospects. Our future growth is dependent upon the development of new products and enhancement of existing products, which requires significant research and development, clinical trials, and regulatory approvals, all of which may be very expensive and time-consuming and may not result in commercially viable products. We may not be successful in our strategy relating to future strategic acquisitions of, investments in, or alliances with, other companies and businesses, which have been a significant source of historical growth for us, and will be key to our diversification into new markets and technologies. We cannot guarantee that the activities under our restructuring plans or other optimization initiatives will result in the desired efficiencies and estimated cost savings. Current domestic and international economic conditions could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. Uncertainty about global economic conditions, including those resulting from credit and sovereign debt issues, has caused and may continue to cause disruption in the financial markets, including diminished liquidity and credit availability. Our products are designed and manufactured in technology centers around the world, either by us or third parties. Factors such as a failure to follow specific internal protocols and procedures, equipment malfunction, environmental factors, or damage to one or more of our facilities could adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products. In the event of an interruption in manufacturing, we may be unable to quickly move to alternate means of producing affected products or to meet customer demand. We believe we currently have adequate inventory levels to sustain the disruption at the Willowbrook facility for the near term and are also pursuing various options to manage any impact to patients or our financial results. If we are unable to execute any of these options, there may be a material impact on our urology and pelvic health business.