The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our results of operations, stockholders' equity, cash flows, and financial condition. Our ability to maintain and improve business and data governance policies, enhanced processes, and internal security controls, including our ability to escalate and respond to known and potential risks, is critical for mitigating risks. We have developed systems and processes designed to protect our customers' and our customers' customers' proprietary and other sensitive data, although we can provide no assurances that such measures will provide absolute security. Our ability to mitigate risks may be impacted by frequent changes to, and growth in complexity of, the techniques used to breach, obtain unauthorized access to, or sabotage IT systems and infrastructure. We are and have been the target of malicious cyber-attack attempts and have experienced other security incidents, which have not been material or significant to us, but future cyberattacks could be material or significant. A security breach could result in unauthorized access to our IT systems or data, damage our reputation, negatively impact our future sales, disrupt our business, and lead to increases in insurance premiums and legal and financial exposure and liability. We utilize a range of disaster recovery and business continuity arrangements, including the replication of our production environment and customers' data in near real-time in a separate facility. These facilities may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from various events, including natural disasters, which could result in lengthy interruptions in our services. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, the occurrence of a natural disaster or an act of terrorism could significantly impact our operational continuity. We expect to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures. Our plans to invest for future growth include the continuation of the expansion of our data center capacity, hiring additional personnel, and expanding domestic and international selling and marketing activities. The market in which we participate is intensely competitive, requiring continuous innovation and adaptation to changing technology and customer needs. Our ability to attract new personnel and retain and motivate current personnel is crucial for supporting our operations and growth. We believe in the importance of our corporate culture, which fosters collaboration and recognition. Our success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brands, which is critical to expanding our base of customers, partners, and employees. We are committed to creating a sustainable, low-carbon future by delivering a carbon-neutral cloud and operating as a net-zero greenhouse gas emissions company. We regularly evaluate acquisitions or investment opportunities in complementary businesses, services, and technologies to expand our service offerings. Our ongoing work to promote equality and sustainability is integral to our corporate identity and resilience strategy. We are also focused on ensuring compliance with evolving regulations and maintaining the integrity of our operations amidst external pressures.