We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our associates, our clients, and their customers. Any unauthorized access or similar incident could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security, and trust of our systems or data. Operational failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our products or services could harm our business and reputation. Our business depends heavily on the reliability of our processing and other systems. An operational failure could involve the hardware, software, data, networks, or systems upon which we rely to deliver our services. Events that could cause operational failures include hardware and software defects or malfunctions, human error, natural disasters, and other events. Interruptions of service could damage our relationship with clients and could cause us to incur substantial expenses. We may experience software defects, development delays, or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability. The complexity of regulations will continue to increase our cost of doing business. The failure to attract and retain key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we fail to attract, motivate, and retain highly qualified management, technical, compliance, and sales personnel, our future success could be harmed. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to manage this expanded business, which will pose substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated increased costs and complexity. The evolving regulatory and cybersecurity landscape has created a challenging operating environment for financial institutions. We expect that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, maintain regulatory compliance, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has also reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients by providing new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. We anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us. We expect to incur substantial expenses in connection with the merger and the related integration. Our future results following the merger will suffer if we do not effectively manage our expanded operations. We may not be able to integrate all aspects of acquired businesses successfully or realize the potential benefits of bringing them together. The process of integrating these acquisitions may disrupt our business and divert our resources. Our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt and meet our other cash requirements may be adversely impacted if we do not achieve the expected benefits and cost savings from the merger.