We face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses, including market, liquidity, credit, operational, legal, regulatory, and reputational risks. Our businesses have been and may continue to be adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally. These conditions can change suddenly and negatively. Our financial performance is highly dependent on the environment in which our businesses operate. A favorable business environment is generally characterized by high global gross domestic product growth, regulatory and market conditions that result in transparent, liquid, and efficient capital markets, low inflation, high business and investor confidence, stable geopolitical conditions, clear regulations, and strong business earnings. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by various factors, including concerns about sovereign defaults, uncertainty concerning fiscal or monetary policy, government shutdowns, and extreme weather events. Our businesses and those of our clients are subject to extensive and pervasive regulation around the world. Compliance with existing laws and regulations has involved significant amounts of time, including that of our senior leaders and a large number of dedicated compliance and other reporting and operational personnel, all of which may negatively impact our profitability. We may incur losses as a result of ineffective risk management processes and strategies. Our risk management process seeks to balance our ability to profit from market-making, investing, or lending positions and underwriting activities with our exposure to potential losses. Market conditions in recent years have involved unprecedented dislocations and highlight the limitations inherent in using historical data to manage risk. We may not be able to reduce our risk positions due to the activity of other market participants or widespread market dislocations. We must continuously update our systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets. Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies. Our operational systems and infrastructure must adhere to client-specific guidelines, as well as legal and regulatory standards. We have entered into new consumer-oriented deposit-taking and lending businesses, which subjects us to numerous additional regulations in the jurisdictions in which these businesses operate. We face the risk of operational failure or significant operational delay, termination, or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses, or other financial intermediaries we use to facilitate our securities and derivatives transactions. Despite the resiliency plans and facilities we have in place, our ability to conduct business may be adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses and the communities in which we are located. We seek to diversify our third-party vendors to increase our resiliency, but we are also exposed to the risk that a disruption or other information technology event at a common service provider to our vendors could impede their ability to provide products or services to us. Our ability to conduct business may be adversely impacted by a disruption involving electrical, satellite, undersea cable, or other communications, internet, transportation, or other services facilities used by us, our employees, or third parties with which we conduct business. We have a comprehensive framework to monitor, measure, and assess our country exposures and to determine our risk appetite. We monitor our credit exposure to a specific country both at the individual counterparty level and at the aggregate country level.