If our products do not achieve market acceptance, we will not be able to generate the revenue necessary to support our business. Achieving physician, patient, and third-party payor acceptance of robotic-assisted surgery as a preferred method of performing surgery is crucial to our success. We expect that there will be a learning process involved for surgical teams to become proficient in the use of our products. Broad use of our products will require training of surgical teams. Economic conditions could materially adversely affect our company. Uncertainty about global economic conditions has caused and may continue to cause disruptions in the financial credit markets, volatile currency exchange rates, and energy costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. We may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position against current or potential competitors, especially those with greater resources. Our revenues may be reduced due to pricing pressure or eliminated if our competitors develop and market products that are more effective or less expensive than our products. If we are unable to compete successfully, our revenues will suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. We may not be able to effectively develop new products and manage new product introductions in the future, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. We expect gross profit margins to vary over time, and changes in our gross profit margins could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Our business is closely tied to the overall U.S. healthcare system, which is subject to concerns and uncertainties as a result of efforts made by the U.S. federal government to modify, repeal, or otherwise invalidate certain provisions of the PPACA. If economic conditions worsen or new legislation is passed related to the healthcare system, trade, fiscal, or tax policies, customer demand may not materialize to the levels we require to achieve our anticipated financial results. We are subject to a variety of risks due to our operations outside of the U.S., including failure to obtain or maintain the same degree of protection against infringement of our intellectual property rights, multiple regulatory requirements that are subject to change, and economic weakness or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets. Natural disasters, terrorist activities, and other business disruptions could seriously harm our revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. We do not have multiple-site capacity for all of our operations in the event of a business disruption. A prolonged government shutdown could impact inspections, regulatory review and certifications, grants, approvals, or cause other situations that could impede our ability to effectively deliver healthcare. We are also subject to product liability and negligence claims relating to the use of our products and other legal proceedings that could materially adversely affect our financial condition, divert management's attention, and harm our business. We are highly dependent on the principal members of our management and scientific staff, and attracting and retaining qualified personnel will be critical to our success. Our success depends on the quality and reliability of our products, and if we experience product flaws or performance problems, it could result in delays in product shipments, loss of revenue, and damage to our reputation. We face risks associated with our reliance on sole and single-source suppliers, which could harm our ability to meet demand for our products in a timely manner or within budget. If we do not successfully manage our collaboration arrangements, licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances, or partnerships with third parties, we may not realize the expected benefits from such alliances, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.