Investing in our securities involves risk, and challenging market and economic conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments that we manage or by reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital. Our business and the businesses of the companies in which we invest are materially affected by financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world, such as interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls, and national and international political circumstances. Difficult market conditions may reduce opportunities for our funds to make, exit, and realize value from their investments. Unfavorable market and economic conditions may also make it difficult for us to find suitable investments for our funds or secure financing for investments on attractive terms. Our profitability may be materially and adversely affected by our fixed costs and the possibility that we would be unable to scale back other costs within a time frame sufficient to match any decreases in net income relating to a downturn in market and economic conditions. We may not be able to manage our exposure to these conditions and/or events, and declines in the equity, commodity, and debt markets would likely cause us to write down our investments. During periods of difficult market or economic conditions or slowdowns, companies in which we have invested may experience decreased revenues, financial losses, credit rating downgrades, difficulty in obtaining access to financing, and increased funding costs. Negative financial results in our funds' portfolio companies may result in lower investment returns for our investment funds, which could materially and adversely affect our operating results and cash flow. We expect that our primary liquidity needs will consist of cash required to continue to grow our business lines, including seeding new strategies, funding our capital commitments made to existing and future funds, and supporting investment vehicles that we sponsor. Our ability to attract new capital and investors is driven, in part, by the extent to which they continue to see the alternative asset management industry as an attractive vehicle for capital appreciation or income. Our ability to successfully deploy capital is dependent upon our ability to identify and execute attractive investments, which may be affected by greater competition, high valuations, and increased overall cost of credit. Our funds and our firm through our balance sheet may make a limited number of investments, or investments that are concentrated in certain issuers, geographic regions, or asset types, which could negatively affect our performance or the performance of our funds to the extent those concentrated assets perform poorly. We may also face operational risks and data security breaches that may disrupt our businesses, result in losses, or limit our growth. Our organizational practices and the management of our changing enterprise are critical to maintaining our competitive advantage and achieving our business objectives. We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation, and alignment of interests with fund investors. Our organizational resilience is also influenced by our ability to effectively manage risks, including those associated with operational management, strategic adaptation, and crisis management. The success of our organic growth strategy will depend on our ability to correctly identify and create products that appeal to the limited partners of our funds and vehicles. We have made significant expenditures to develop new strategies and products, and there is no assurance that they will achieve a satisfactory level of scale and profitability. Our growth strategy involves risks associated with the acquisition of other investment management companies and the establishment of strategic partnerships, which may expose us to new laws and regulations and increase our operational complexities.