A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives. We also expect to continue to innovate and invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed without limiting our ability to return a substantial portion of our free cash flow to our investors in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We operate in an environment characterized by both complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. We conduct business with international customers through each of our business segments through either FMS or direct sales to international customers. International customers accounted for 36% of Aeronautics' 2018 net sales. There continues to be strong international interest in the F-35 program, which includes commitments from the U.S. government and eight international partner countries and four international customers, as well as expressions of interest from other countries. The U.S. government and the eight partner countries continue to work together on the design, testing, production, and sustainment of the F-35 program. The international commitment to the program continues to grow. We have ongoing PAC-3 programs for production and sustainment activities in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, UAE, Qatar, the Republic of Korea, Japan, and Taiwan. Additionally, during 2018, the U.S. and Swedish officials formalized an agreement to provide PAC-3 missiles to Sweden. We continue to see international demand for our tactical missile and fire control products, where we received orders for Hellfire missile systems from the Netherlands and Japan, precision fires systems from Romania, as well as interest from Poland. Our RMS business segment continues to experience international interest in the Aegis ballistic missile defense system. We perform activities in the development, production, modernization, ship integration, test, and lifetime support for ships of international customers such as Japan, Spain, Republic of Korea, and Australia. We have ongoing programs in Canada and Chile for combat systems equipment upgrades. We regularly provide customers with reports of our costs as the contract progresses. Our contracts generally allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services. We also may enter into long-term supply contracts for certain materials or components to coincide with the production schedule of certain products and to ensure their availability at known unit prices. We have a number of programs that are designated as classified by the U.S. government which cannot be specifically described. The operating results of these classified programs are included in our consolidated and business segment results and are subjected to the same oversight and internal controls as our other programs. We anticipate that there will be continual reviews related to aircraft performance, program schedule, cost, and requirements as part of the DoD, congressional, and international partners' oversight and budgeting processes. Our consolidated net adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments and other items, increased segment operating profit by approximately $1.9 billion in 2018. We expect our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. We expect to continue to issue commercial paper backed by our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility to manage the timing of cash flows. We also have additional access to credit markets, if needed, for liquidity or general corporate purposes, and letters of credit to support customer advance payments and for other trade finance purposes such as guaranteeing our performance on particular contracts.