We have developed a risk management process using periodic surveys, external research, planning processes, risk mapping, analytics, and other tools to identify and evaluate the operational, financial, environmental, reputational, strategic, and other risks that could adversely affect our business. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, and implement change, growth, and productivity initiatives successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, and our market share. The home improvement retail environment is rapidly evolving, and adapting our business concept to respond to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands is critical to our future success. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omni-channel experience, and we must anticipate and meet our customers' expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed, and provide a consistent customer experience. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept will require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring more integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives will require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees, and contractors will have to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Our business and reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect customer, employee, vendor, or company information. Cyber-attacks and tactics designed to gain access to sensitive information are constantly evolving. Our systems and those of our service providers are vulnerable to various causes, including power outages and technology system failures. In the event of a breach or damage to our systems, we may suffer loss or unavailability of data and interruptions to our business operations. We may not be able to adapt our business concept in a rapidly evolving retail environment to address the changing shopping habits, demands, and demographics of our customers. The significant expansion in the use of social media has compounded the potential scope of negative publicity that could be generated by adverse incidents. Strategic transactions involve risks, and we may not realize the expected benefits due to uncertainties and risks, including our ability to integrate personnel and systems successfully. Effective internal controls are necessary to provide reliable financial reports, and the integration of businesses may create complexity in our financial systems and internal controls. Our ability to deliver the expected benefits from any strategic transaction is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks. We must comply with various laws and regulations that differ substantially in each area where we operate, and changes in existing or new laws could adversely affect our business. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our management information systems are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. We rely on cash flows from operations and access to capital markets to fund our operations and investments. Disruption in the financial markets or an erosion of our credit strength could impact our ability to meet capital requirements. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times and costs depends on successful implementation of our supply chain initiatives. Failure to respond effectively to competitive pressures could affect our financial performance.