Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we fail to retain existing users or add new users, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with our products, our revenue, financial results, and business may be significantly harmed. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users of our products. If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. User engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure. Any number of factors could potentially negatively affect user retention, growth, and engagement, including if users increasingly engage with other competitive products or services, or if we fail to introduce new features, products, or services that users find engaging. We are unable to continue to develop products for mobile devices that users find engaging, that work with a variety of mobile operating systems and networks, and that achieve a high level of market acceptance. Our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate talented employees, particularly software engineers, designers, and product managers, is critical to our success. We face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including from companies that facilitate communication and the sharing of content and information. Our user growth, engagement, and monetization on mobile devices depend upon effective operation with mobile operating systems, networks, technologies, products, and standards that we do not control. Our business is highly competitive, and competition presents an ongoing threat to the success of our business. We may not be able to successfully maintain or grow usage of and engagement with mobile and web applications that integrate with Facebook and our other products. We are also subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business, including privacy, data protection, and personal information. The introduction of new products, expansion of our activities in certain jurisdictions, or other actions that we may take may subject us to additional laws, regulations, or other government scrutiny. We are involved in legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax, or government inquiries and investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business. The outcome of these matters is inherently uncertain. If we are unable to maintain and enhance our brands, our ability to expand our base of users, marketers, and developers may be impaired, and our business and financial results may be harmed. Our ability to successfully integrate acquisitions is unproven, particularly with respect to companies that have significant operations or that develop products where we do not have prior experience. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our users is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. We may experience interruptions in the availability or performance of our products from time to time. Our systems may not be adequately designed with the necessary reliability and redundancy to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business.