The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our business faces significant governmental action aimed at increasing regulatory requirements with the goal of reducing or preventing the use of tobacco products. Governmental actions, combined with the diminishing social acceptance of smoking and private actions to restrict smoking, have resulted in reduced industry volume in many of our markets, and we expect that such factors will continue to reduce consumption levels and will increase down-trading and the risk of counterfeiting, contraband, "illicit whites," and legal cross-border purchases. Our financial results could be significantly affected by regulatory initiatives resulting in a significant decrease in demand for our brands, particularly requirements that lead to a commoditization of tobacco products or impede adult consumers' ability to convert to our reduced-risk products (RRPs), as well as any significant increase in the cost of complying with new regulatory requirements. We face intense competition, and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. We are subject to highly competitive conditions in all aspects of our business, and the competitive environment and our competitive position can be significantly influenced by weak economic conditions, erosion of consumer confidence, and competitors' introduction of lower-price products or innovative products. Our ability to grow profitability may be limited by our inability to introduce new products, enter new markets, or improve our margins through higher pricing and improvements in our brand and geographic mix. Our ability to achieve our strategic goals may be impaired if we fail to attract and retain the best global talent. To be successful, we must continue transforming our culture and ways of working, align our talent with our business needs, innovate and transform to a consumer-centric business. We may be unable to anticipate changes in adult consumer preferences, which may be influenced by local economic conditions. Our business is subject to changes in adult consumer preferences, and to be successful, we must promote brand equity successfully, anticipate and respond to new adult consumer trends, develop new products and markets, and ensure adequate production capacity to meet demand for our products. In periods of economic uncertainty, adult consumers may tend to purchase lower-price brands, and the volume of our premium-price and mid-price brands and our profitability could suffer accordingly. Natural disasters, pandemics, economic, political, regulatory, or other developments could disrupt our supply chain, manufacturing capabilities, or distribution capabilities. Such developments could lead to loss of property or equipment that are critical to our business in certain markets and difficulty in staffing and managing our operations, which could reduce our volumes, revenues, and net earnings. We may be required to replace third-party contract manufacturers or service providers with our own resources, which could significantly increase our costs. We have backup systems and business continuity plans in place, and we take care to protect our systems and data from unauthorized access. Nevertheless, failure of our systems to function as intended, or penetration of our systems by outside parties intent on extracting or corrupting information or otherwise disrupting business processes, could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in a loss of revenue, assets or personal or other sensitive data, litigation and regulatory action, cause damage to our reputation and that of our brands, and result in significant remediation and other costs.