We face a variety of risks that may affect our operations, financial results, or stock price, and many of those risks are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Developments in the business, economic, and geopolitical environment could negatively impact our business. Our business can be adversely affected by the general environment—economic, corporate, securities market, regulatory, and geopolitical developments all play a role in client asset valuations, trading activity, interest rates, and overall investor engagement. Despite our efforts to comply with applicable legal requirements, there are a number of risks, particularly in areas where applicable laws or regulations may be unclear or where regulators could revise their previous guidance. Any enforcement actions or other proceedings brought by our regulators against us or our affiliates, officers, or employees could result in fines, penalties, cease and desist orders, enforcement actions, suspension, disqualification or expulsion, or other disciplinary sanctions, including limitations on our business activities, any of which could harm our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our operations are highly dependent on the integrity and resilience of our critical business functions and technology systems. To minimize business interruptions and ensure the capacity to continue operations during an incident regardless of duration, we maintain a backup and recovery infrastructure which includes facilities for backup and communications, a geographically dispersed workforce, and routine testing of business continuity and disaster recovery plans. We have designed and implemented an information security program that knits together complementary tools, controls, and technologies to protect systems, client accounts, and data. We continuously monitor the systems and work collaboratively with government agencies, law enforcement, and other financial institutions to address potential threats. Our risk management process is comprised of risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and reporting, and risk mitigation. The activities and governance that comprise the risk management process are described below. We have established risk metrics and reporting that enable measurement of the impact of strategy execution against risk appetite. The board of directors has approved an enterprise risk management framework that incorporates our purpose, vision, and values, which form the bedrock of our corporate culture and set the tone for the organization. We have specific policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, and use periodic risk and control self-assessments, control testing programs, and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. We also face operational risk when we employ the services of various third parties, including domestic and international outsourcing of certain technology, processing, servicing, and support functions. We manage the exposure to third party risk and promote a culture of resiliency through contractual provisions, control standards, ongoing monitoring of third party performance, and appropriate testing. We conduct regular liquidity stress testing to develop a consolidated view of liquidity risk exposures and to ensure our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity during market-related or company-specific liquidity stress events. Our comprehensive capital contingency plan provides action plans for certain low probability/high impact capital events that the company might face. The capital contingency plan is reviewed annually and updated as appropriate. We have adopted a policy to remain well capitalized even in stressed scenarios. Our banking regulators have broad discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies and could require us to hold more capital, increase liquidity, or limit our ability to pay dividends.