The risks that follow are those that we think, individually or in the aggregate, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements. Failure to execute our opportunistic buying strategy and inventory management could adversely affect our results. Our business model expects our merchants to effectively react to frequently changing opportunities and trends in the market, assess the desirability and value of merchandise, and generally make determinations of how and what we source as well as when we source it. If we do not obtain the right merchandise at the right times, in the right quantities, at the right prices, and in the right mix, our customer traffic, as well as our sales and margins, could be adversely affected. We need to appropriately allocate and deliver merchandise to our stores, maintain an appropriate mix and level of inventory in each store, and be flexible in our allocation of floor space among product categories. Failure to continue to expand our business and operations successfully or to manage our substantial size and scale effectively could adversely affect our financial results. Managing growth effectively can be difficult. Our substantial size can make it challenging to manage our complex operations effectively and to maintain appropriate internal resources and third-party providers to support our business effectively. These challenges increase as we grow our business and may add pressure to management and to various functions across our business. Increasing our size and complexity may also put additional pressure on appropriately staffing and training associates in these areas. If business information is not shared effectively, or if we are otherwise unable to manage our size or growth effectively, our business may be adversely affected. Failure to identify consumer trends and preferences to meet customer demand in new or existing markets or channels could negatively impact our performance. Although our business model allows us greater flexibility than many traditional retailers to meet consumer preferences and trends, we may not successfully do so. Meeting customer expectations effectively involves identifying the right opportunities and making the right investments at the right time and with the right speed. Compromises of our data security, disruptions in our information technology systems, or failure to satisfy the information technology needs of our business could result in material loss or liability. Our business depends on our information technology systems, which collect and process information of customers, associates, and other persons. Our ongoing operations and successful growth are dependent on the ongoing integrity, security, and consistent operations of these systems. Natural or other disasters, unforeseen public health issues, or acts of war or terrorism could disrupt our operations in a number of ways. Adverse weather can similarly affect our operations in impacted areas. Our expanding international operations expose us to risks inherent in operating in new countries. It can be costly and complex to establish, develop, and maintain international operations and promote business in new international jurisdictions. We are subject to various risks of sourcing merchandise from others, particularly other countries, including potential disruptions in manufacturing and supply. These and other factors relating to sourcing, international trade, and imported merchandise could affect the availability and the price of our inventory and our operating costs. Our strategies for managing these financial risks and exposures may not be effective or sufficient. Economic conditions, both on a global level and in particular markets, including unemployment levels, availability of disposable income, and consumer confidence may also have significant effects on our business. Damage to our corporate reputation or those of our retail banners could adversely affect our sales and operating results.