Our ability to compete will depend on, among other things, continued absolute and relative improvement in network quality and customer service, effective marketing and selling of products and services, innovation, attractive pricing, and cost management, all of which will involve significant expenses. We expect market saturation to continue to cause the wireless industry's customer growth rate to be moderate in comparison with historical growth rates, or possibly negative, leading to ongoing competition for customers. Our business, financial condition, and operating results could be materially adversely affected by intense and increasing competition from other service providers as industry sectors converge. We face pressures from larger competitors who may be able to enter into exclusive arrangements or execute pervasive advertising campaigns, which could improve their position within the wireless broadband mobile services industry. Our ability to adapt to future changes in technology, continually invest in our network, increase network capacity, enhance our existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to address our current and potential customers' changing demands is critical. The development of new services in the wireless telecommunications industry will require us to anticipate and respond to the continuously changing demands of our customers, which we may not be able to do accurately or timely. Cyber-attacks, such as denial of service and other malicious attacks, could disrupt our internal systems and applications, impair our ability to provide services to our customers, and have other adverse effects on our business. Our procedures and safeguards to prevent unauthorized access to sensitive data and to defend against attacks seeking to disrupt our services must be continually evaluated and revised to address the ever-evolving threat landscape. We rely on both our systems and networks and the systems and networks of other providers and suppliers to provide and support our services and, in some cases, protect our customers' information and our information. System failures and business disruptions may allow unauthorized use of or interference with our network and other systems which could materially adversely affect our reputation and financial condition. The implementation of a new billing system may cause major system or business disruptions, or we may fail to implement the new billing system in a timely or effective manner. We depend heavily on suppliers, their subcontractors, and other third parties for us to efficiently operate our business. The failure of our suppliers to comply with our expectations and standards could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. Economic, political, and market conditions may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results, as well as our access to financing on favorable terms or at all. Our business, financial condition, and operating results are sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, including interest rates, consumer credit conditions, consumer debt levels, consumer confidence, rates of inflation, unemployment rates, economic growth, energy costs, and other macro-economic factors. The overall combination of our and Sprint's businesses may also result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses, and loss of customer and other business relationships. The difficulties of combining the operations of the companies include, among others, the diversion of management attention to integration matters, difficulties in integrating operations and systems, and challenges in conforming standards, controls, procedures, and accounting and other policies. The impact of the additional debt financing expected to be incurred in connection with the transactions may reduce funds available to support efforts to combine our and Sprint's businesses and realize the expected benefits of the transactions.