You should carefully consider the risks described below together with the other information set forth in this report, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and future results. We have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, delays or other complications in the design, manufacture, launch, production, delivery and servicing ramp of new vehicles and other products, which could harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. We have previously experienced launch, manufacturing, production and delivery ramp delays or other complications in connection with new vehicle models, and if issues like these arise or recur, our ability to meet our projections on time and at volumes and prices that are profitable may be materially and adversely impacted. Our future business depends in large part on our ability to execute on our plans to manufacture, market and sell the model 3 vehicle, and we expect to continue to increase our model 3 production rate to approximately 7,000 units per week on a sustained basis. However, the timeframe for commencing model 3 production at gigafactory shanghai is subject to a number of uncertainties, including regulatory approval and supply chain constraints. We have limited experience to date in manufacturing vehicles at the high volumes that we recently achieved and to which we anticipate ramping further for model 3, and to be successful, we will need to complete the implementation and ramp of efficient and cost-effective manufacturing capabilities and processes necessary to support such volumes. Our production plan for model 3 is based on many key assumptions, including that we will be able to sustain and further expand our high-volume production without exceeding our projected costs and on our projected timeline. Our plans call for sustaining and further ramping from our significant increases in vehicle production and deliveries, particularly for model 3. Our ability to achieve these plans will depend upon a number of factors, including our ability to utilize installed manufacturing capacity to achieve the planned production yield, further install and increase capacity in accordance with our planned timelines and costs, maintain our desired quality levels and optimize design and production changes. We may also experience similar future delays or other complications in bringing to market and ramping production of new vehicles, and any significant additional delay or other complication in the production of and delivery capabilities for our current products or the development of future products could materially damage our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Our future growth and success is dependent upon consumers' willingness to adopt electric vehicles and specifically our vehicles, especially in the mass market demographic which we are targeting with model 3. Our growth is highly dependent upon the adoption by consumers of alternative fuel vehicles in general and electric vehicles in particular. We are dependent on our suppliers, the majority of which are single-source suppliers, and the inability of these suppliers to deliver necessary components of our products according to our schedule could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. The loss of any single or limited source supplier or the disruption in the supply of components from these suppliers could lead to product design changes and delays in product deliveries to our customers, which could hurt our relationships with our customers and result in negative publicity. We expect that our current sources of liquidity together with our projection of cash flows from operating activities will provide us with adequate liquidity over at least the next 12 months. A large portion of our future expenditures is to fund our growth, and we can adjust our capital and operating expenditures by operating segment, including future expansion of our product offerings, retail and service locations, body shops, mobile service fleet, and supercharger network.