You should read the following risk factors in conjunction with the factors discussed elsewhere in this and other of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and in materials incorporated by reference into these filings. These risk factors are intended to highlight certain factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations and are not meant to be an exhaustive discussion of risks that apply to TI, a company with broad international operations. We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. The price and product development pressures that result from competition may lead to reduced profit margins and lost business opportunities in the event that we are unable to match the price declines or cost efficiencies, or meet the technological, product, support, software or manufacturing advancements of our competitors. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. Our global operations subject us to risks associated with domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions. We are exposed to political, social and economic conditions, security risks, terrorism or other hostile acts, health conditions, labor conditions, and possible disruptions in transportation, communications and information technology networks of the various countries in which we operate. Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by breaches or disruptions of information technology systems. Cybersecurity threats are frequent and constantly evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of defending against them. Our results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we operate. A natural disaster that results in a prolonged disruption to our operations may adversely affect our results and financial condition. Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products in a timely manner. We face supply chain and manufacturing risks. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our suppliers' operations. Our inability to timely implement new manufacturing technologies or install manufacturing equipment could adversely affect our results of operations. We depend on third parties to provide advanced logic manufacturing process technology development. Our results of operations and our reputation could be affected by warranty claims, product liability claims, product recalls or legal proceedings. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment. Our ability to successfully implement business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. Our failure to successfully implement these changes could adversely affect our business plans and operating results. We may not achieve or sustain the expected growth or cost savings benefits of business and organizational changes, and restructuring charges could differ materially in amount and timing from our expectations. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our strategic focus, and where we invest the majority of our resources, is on analog and embedded processing, with a particular emphasis on designing and selling those products into the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best growth opportunities. Our business model puts us in a unique class of companies with the ability to grow, generate cash and return that cash to shareholders.