The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying incentive-based care provider payment models that reward high-quality, affordable care and foster collaboration. We work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients. We are increasingly rewarding care providers for delivering improvements in quality and cost-efficiency. The ongoing pressure on Medicare Advantage funding places continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We seek to intensify our medical and operating cost management, make changes to the size and composition of our care provider networks, adjust members' benefits, and implement or increase the member premiums that supplement the monthly payments we receive from the government. Our businesses participate in the United States, South America, and certain other international health markets. We expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population, and national interest in health and well-being. We endeavor to mitigate increases in medical costs by engaging physicians and consumers with information and helping them make clinically sound choices, with the objective of helping them achieve high-quality, affordable care. Our medical cost trends primarily relate to changes in unit costs, health system utilization, and prescription drug costs. We manage medical costs through underwriting criteria, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts, and care management programs. We have programs in place that are intended to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents and that provide employee awareness training regarding phishing, malware, and other cyber risks to protect against cyber risks and security breaches. The laws and rules governing our businesses and interpretations of those laws and rules are subject to frequent change. Our relationships with government agencies are subject to the terms of contracts that we hold with the agencies and to laws and regulations regarding government contracts. Our business activities are highly regulated, and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations or their enforcement or application could materially and adversely affect our business. We are routinely subject to various legal actions due to the nature of our business, which could damage our reputation and, if resolved unfavorably, could result in substantial penalties or monetary damages. We manage our liquidity and financial position in the context of our overall business strategy. We continually forecast and manage our cash, investments, working capital balances, and capital structure to meet the short-term and long-term obligations of our businesses while seeking to maintain liquidity and financial flexibility. Our investment portfolio may suffer losses, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. The financial results we report for any particular period include estimates of costs that have been incurred for which claims are still outstanding. These estimates involve an extensive degree of judgment. If these estimates prove inaccurate, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.