The impact of the COVID-19 global pandemic on the company continues to evolve, and its future effects remain uncertain. At the onset of the pandemic, the majority of the company's employees in Japan and the U.S. shifted to remote working environments, with returns to office undertaken throughout the year as warranted by local conditions. Both Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. took measures to address employee health and safety and increase employees' ability to develop and maintain more flexible working conditions. The company established command centers to monitor and communicate on developments, and operations remained stable throughout the year. The company took prompt action at the beginning of the pandemic to strengthen its capital and liquidity position, and it continued to undertake de-risking activity in its investment portfolios and to adjust to market conditions throughout the year. The company continues to closely monitor the effects and risks of COVID-19 to assess its impact on economic conditions in Japan and the U.S. and on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and capital position. The company's efforts and other developments are outlined below. The company entered the crisis in a strong capital and liquidity position, having maintained capital ratios in Japan and the U.S. at a level designed to absorb a degree of market volatility. To further support liquidity and capital resources, the parent company issued senior notes totaling ¥57.0 billion and $1.0 billion in senior notes through public debt offerings. The company held approximately $5.1 billion in cash and cash equivalents for stress conditions, which includes the parent company's target minimum amount of $2.0 billion held to provide a capital buffer and liquidity support at the holding company. Aflac Japan has maintained a collar program on a portion of its U.S. dollar program to mitigate against more extreme moves in foreign exchange rates and therefore support solvency margin ratio. The company continues seeking ways to improve the health of the portfolio through de-risking and other repositioning actions. The company has crisis command centers set up in Japan and the U.S. that are utilized for any type of crisis, including natural disasters and cybersecurity events. The command centers participate in regular updates to the company's leadership regarding developments in Japan and the U.S., including government and regulatory actions, operations, employee policies and conditions, and distribution status. The company's financial leadership group meets more frequently and has focused on the capital markets, capital and liquidity position, stress testing, and any defensive actions that may be necessary as the crisis unfolds. Aflac Japan has implemented actions such as working from home, staggered work hours, and limitations on the number of personnel attending in-person meetings. Aflac U.S. has also implemented company mandates including restrictions on travel and in-person meetings applicable to U.S. employees. The company is committed to maintaining a strong solvency margin ratio and risk-based capital ratios. The company is continually evaluating other adjustments, including the possibility of changing the level of hedging employed with the U.S. dollar-denominated investments. The company remains committed to prudent liquidity and capital management and is taking a tactical approach to capital allocation. The company believes that this approach will allow it to increase or decrease repurchase activity depending on how the pandemic and market conditions evolve. The company continues to monitor the situation with respect to COVID-19 and potential impacts on its operations and financial condition.