We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. In our property/casualty brokerage operations, customer retention remained at pre-pandemic levels, and new business generation was above pre-pandemic levels, offset somewhat by non-recurring business that was below pre-pandemic levels. We continue to see property/casualty premium rates move higher overall, which may partially, or fully, offset future declines in exposure units. We are actively managing costs by limiting discretionary spending and adjusting our real estate footprint, which has resulted in substantial cost savings. The cost-saving impact of these actions in the second, third, and fourth quarters of 2020 was substantial, with estimated quarterly savings of approximately $65 million to $70 million pretax compared to the same quarters in 2019. We have not seen any meaningful decline in cash receipts from our clients to date and have more than $1.6 billion of available liquidity. A prolonged period of economic weakness may cause future cash collections to deteriorate, but we believe our cost savings and working capital improvements could mitigate a potential decline in our cash flows over the near-term. We implemented our incident response plan following a ransomware incident, isolated impacted systems, and retained cybersecurity counsel and forensic experts. The incident has been contained, and all critical systems are back in service. We believe our service levels are unchanged from pre-pandemic levels. Throughout 2020, we preserved liquidity by reducing capital expenditures and renegotiating longer payment terms on vendor payables. We managed our working capital in terms of receivables and payables as a cautionary step to protect liquidity during this uncertain period. We expect to use the additional cash flow generated by our clean energy investments to continue our mergers and acquisition strategy in our core brokerage and risk management operations. We believe that our history of strong new business generation, solid retentions, and enhanced value-added services for our carrier partners should help offset, to a degree, softer global economic conditions. We are engaged in providing insurance brokerage and consulting services, and third-party property/casualty claims settlement and administration services to entities in the U.S. and abroad. Our brokerage segment generates revenues by identifying, negotiating, and placing all forms of insurance or reinsurance coverage, as well as providing risk-shifting, risk-sharing, and risk-mitigation consulting services. We have three reportable segments: brokerage, risk management, and corporate, which contributed approximately 74%, 14%, and 12%, respectively, to 2020 revenues. We expect that our international revenue as a percentage of our total revenues will be comparable to 2020. The insurance brokerage industry is not capital intensive, and we believe we have sufficient capital and access to additional capital to meet our short- and long-term cash flow needs. We have invested in clean energy operations capable of producing refined coal that we believe qualifies for tax credits under IRC section 45. Our current estimate of the 2021 annual net after-tax earnings, including IRC section 45 tax credits, which will be produced from all of our clean energy investments in 2021, is $60.0 million to $75.0 million.