Amgen has taken appropriate steps to minimize the risk to our employees during the COVID-19 pandemic, with a significant number of employees working remotely while maintaining critical business operations. Our remote working arrangements have not significantly affected our ability to maintain critical business operations, and we have not experienced disruptions or shortages of our supply of medicines. We have seen changes in demand trends for some of our products, including lower demand for certain products as patient access has been affected by COVID-19, particularly in the early phases of the pandemic. Our efforts remain focused on assisting patients with improving their continuity of care to increase product access as compared to what they experienced during the earlier stages of the pandemic. We continuously monitor our ability for study enrollment on an institution-by-institution basis and reevaluate the status of studies, pausing when uncertainty arises regarding trial sites' ability to ensure safety or data integrity. We remain focused on supporting our active clinical sites in providing care for these patients and in providing investigational drug supply. Our R&D organization is supporting efforts to combat the COVID-19 pandemic in a number of ways, including by working to support production of therapeutic antibodies that could diminish the impact of COVID-19 on patients and joining a public-private partnership to develop a strategy for a coordinated research response. We believe that existing funds, cash generated from operations, and existing sources of and access to financing are adequate to satisfy our needs for working capital, capital expenditures, and debt service requirements as well as to engage in the capital-return and other business initiatives that we plan to strategically pursue. Our strategy includes integrated activities intended to maintain and strengthen our competitive position in the industry, focusing on commercial areas and conducting discovery research primarily in therapeutic areas. We have advanced our innovative pipeline, successfully integrated Otezla into our inflammation portfolio, and continued to provide uninterrupted supply of our medicines globally through the COVID-19 pandemic. We accomplished these objectives while maintaining a strategic and disciplined approach to capital allocation and advancing our environmental, social, and governance efforts. Our approach to human capital resource management is directed at attracting, motivating, and retaining talent to tackle the challenges of running an enterprise focused on the discovery, development, and commercialization of innovative medicines. We believe that a diverse and inclusive culture fosters innovation, which supports our ability to serve patients. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We devote considerable resources to R&D activities, but successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain, and we face increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after products launch. Rising healthcare costs and uncertain economic conditions continue to pose challenges to our business, including significant pricing pressures and other cost containment measures. We have a long-standing ambition to be environmentally responsible, regularly setting targets to challenge ourselves to deliver further improvements while growing revenues and increasing production capacity.