The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic presents ongoing significant economic and societal disruption and market volatility, which has had and will continue to have ongoing impacts on our business and operating environment driven by a low interest rate environment, significant volatility in the equity markets, and the potential associated implications to client behavior. We continue to implement comprehensive strategies to navigate the operating environment spurred by the pandemic. The pandemic strategy we have employed is flexible and scalable, recognizing this pandemic is widespread and occurs in multiple waves, affecting different communities at different times with varying levels of severity. While we have successfully adapted to a virtual work environment and deployed numerous adaptive business strategies, we believe the pandemic and its accompanying impact on the global financial markets and on our operations and financial results may cause results not to be comparable to previous years. Financial markets and macroeconomic conditions have had and will continue to have a significant impact on our operating and performance results. The business, political, and regulatory environments in which we operate are subject to elevated uncertainty and substantial, frequent change. Accordingly, we expect to continue focusing on our key strategic objectives and obtaining operational and strategic leverage from our core capabilities. Our risk management strategy is designed to provide proactive protection during stress events such as the current pandemic. We believe our process is working as intended, and our liquidity and capital resources have remained a source of balance sheet strength during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020. The ability to maintain our unaffiliated third-party distribution channels and the impacts of sales of unaffiliated products are critical to our organizational resilience. We have extensive experience studies and analysis to monitor changes and trends in policyholder behavior, which informs our ability to adapt to unexpected situations. Our annual review of active life future policy benefit reserve adequacy resulted in unlocking and loss recognition, reflecting a higher unfavorable impact from updates to our interest rate assumptions and lower surrenders on variable annuities with living benefit guarantees. The establishment of reserves is an estimation process using a variety of methods, assumptions, and data elements, and if actual experience is worse than the results of the estimation process, additional reserves may be required. We utilize three primary levers to manage our long-term care business, including rate increases, a reserving process that reflects the policy features and risk characteristics of our blocks, and a prudently managed investment portfolio. Our liquidity and capital resources have remained a source of balance sheet strength, and we believe cash flows from operating activities, available cash balances, and our availability of revolver borrowings will be sufficient to fund our operating liquidity needs and stress requirements. We continue to monitor and respond to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and our organizational resilience is reflected in our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and client needs, ensuring operational continuity and performance maintenance under challenging circumstances.