The global coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic and related shelter in place, travel and social distancing restrictions imposed by governments around the world have negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted business, sales activities, supply chains, and workforce participation, including our own, and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. We have taken numerous steps, and will continue to take further actions, in our approach to address COVID-19. We have prioritized the protection of our employees during this pandemic and have closed our offices across the globe, limiting access to only those employees providing essential activities, instructed employees to work from home, and implemented travel restrictions. We continue to work closely with our contract manufacturers and supply chain partners who have experienced delays in component sourcing, workforce disruptions, and governmental restrictions on the production and export of their products. Although we have worked diligently to drive improvements in these areas, these delays have negatively impacted our ability to supply products to our customers on a timely basis. We expect to continue to invest in working capital as supply availability improves in order to address the risk of future COVID-19 related supply chain disruptions. When the COVID-19 pandemic began, we initially experienced some volatility in customer demand, but sales activity subsequently stabilized and we experienced incremental improvements in overall demand as the year progressed. However, the supply chain disruptions and earlier volatility in customer demand contributed in part to a year-over-year decline in total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020. The extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our operational and financial performance, including our ability to execute our business strategies and initiatives in the expected time frame, will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of the pandemic, the breadth and duration of governmental containment measures, the success of the COVID-19 vaccination deployment, and the impact on our customers, partners, contract manufacturers, and supply chain. We believe that any extended or renewed COVID-19 related economic disruption could have a negative impact on demand from our customers in future periods. In response to potential future COVID-19 related disruptions to our business, we have continued to carefully review our investment and spending plans, cautiously increasing incremental spending in the second half of fiscal 2020 as overall customer demand stabilized. Our future success is dependent upon our ability to continue to evolve and adapt to our rapidly changing environment. We must also continue to develop market leading products and features that address the needs of our existing and new customers, and increase sales in the enterprise data center switching and campus workspace markets. We expect competition to intensify in the future as the market for cloud networking expands and existing competitors and new market entrants introduce new products or enhance existing products. Our cloud networking platforms are well positioned to address the growing cloud networking market and to address increasing performance requirements driven by the growing number of connected devices, as well as the need for constant connectivity and access to data and applications. We believe one of our greatest strengths lies in our ability to rapidly develop new features and applications. Our research and development efforts are focused on new product development and maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership.