During the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, we changed our organizational structure, resulting in two reportable segments: semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software. In response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, we have taken extensive measures to protect the health and safety of our employees and contractors at our facilities, modifying workplace practices globally, which resulted in most employees working remotely for extended periods. We continue to monitor the implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, as well as our customers' and suppliers' businesses. The demand environment for our semiconductor products was consistent with expectations, with continued demand for products and infrastructure to support a dramatic increase around the world in remote or tele-work and learning due to COVID-19. We have taken various actions to de-risk our business in light of the ongoing uncertainty, such as building semiconductor products to order instead of based on customer forecasts. Additionally, we have continued to strengthen our balance sheet by closely managing working capital and reducing our total debt outstanding. Our ability to predict the impact of COVID-19 on our business in future periods remains limited, and the effects of the pandemic on our business are unlikely to be fully realized until future periods. The demand for our products has been affected by various factors, including the general economic and market conditions in the industries and markets in which we compete. We recognize revenue upon delivery of product to the distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. Our traditional software customers generally consist of large enterprises that have computing environments from multiple vendors and are highly complex. We believe our enterprise-wide license model will continue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility, and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and related challenges may also cause our net revenue to fluctuate significantly and adversely affect our results of operations. We believe our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows from operations, and the revolving facility will provide sufficient liquidity to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligations for at least the next 12 months. Our working capital increased significantly, attributed to cash and cash equivalents, while we also experienced fluctuations in accounts receivable and inventory due to changing demand and operational adjustments. We recognize that the loss of significant customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our strategy is designed to drive diversified and sustainable operating and financial results, combining technology leadership with unmatched scale. We continue to engage in discussions regarding potential acquisitions or investments, which could require significant use of our cash and cash equivalents or increase our borrowings. Our ability to service our senior unsecured notes and other indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. The ongoing uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic has emphasized the importance of operational flexibility and adaptability in our business practices.