In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Axon has taken a number of actions to assure the continuity of our business operations while protecting the health and wellbeing of our employees. We have curbed all non-essential travel and continue to allow for a remote work model for the majority of our office staff, implementing medical screening for employees who work in our offices. To mitigate contamination risk in our facilities, we have adopted staggered shifts, the use of personal protective equipment, increased distancing, and cleaning standards that exceed CDC guidance. We have proactively built up a safety stock of raw and finished goods inventory aligned to our strategic model to help meet strong product demand while also preparing us to stagger factory work schedules. Our diversified supply chain and global manufacturing footprint have positioned us well to manage through the pandemic, allowing us to produce and ship our critical core products with little to no interruption. We continuously monitor our supply chain to manage through potential impacts, finding alternate sources as well as shipping and logistic options as available. We expect ongoing increased costs related to the mitigation of contamination risk at our facilities, which will continue to be partially offset by savings on travel and events. Our strategic intent to shift an increasing amount of our business to a subscription model allows us to better match the municipal budgeting process of our customers and introduces multiple product offerings bundled into existing subscriptions. This strategic shift is designed to maintain operational continuity and adapt to changing market conditions. We believe that our existing liquidity and other sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements, including capital expenditures and working capital requirements, through at least the next 12 months. The increase in our backlog, primarily in the software and sensors segment, is indicative of expected revenue growth in this segment, reflecting our ability to adapt and respond to market demands. We have pivoted our shareholder engagement to a virtual format, ensuring continued communication and connection with our stakeholders despite external pressures. Our focus on protecting life through our technologies gives law enforcement the confidence and time they need to protect their communities, underscoring our commitment to organizational resilience in the face of adversity. We have also increased our reserve for expected credit losses in light of the economic challenges posed by the pandemic, demonstrating our proactive approach to risk management and financial stability. The ability to foresee and confront sudden disruptive changes is critical to our survival and growth, and we continue to invest in research and development to enhance our product offerings and maintain our competitive advantage in the market.