The COVID-19 pandemic has brought unprecedented challenges to businesses and economies around the world. Throughout 2020, we focused and made substantial progress on our four priorities to manage through this period of uncertainty: supporting our colleagues and winning as a team; protecting our customers and our brand; structuring the company for growth in the future; and remaining financially strong. Our colleague base has successfully operated in a mostly remote working environment, ensuring that our colleagues have the flexibility and resources they needed to stay safe, healthy, and productive. To support our customers and merchants, we offered financial and other assistance, added product benefits to reflect today's environment, and provided the high level of customer service they expect and rely on. We experienced lower voluntary attrition rates on our proprietary products compared to the prior year, and our card members continued to recognize our commitment to service excellence. Our progress in managing through the pandemic over the last year confirms the resilience of our differentiated business model, which includes a loyal and diverse customer base, a valued brand, our global merchant network, and our integrated payments platform. These robust liquidity and capital levels provide us with significant flexibility to maintain the strength of our balance sheet through this uncertain period. We remain committed to capital distributions through dividend payments and resuming share repurchases. The impacts of the pandemic and the broader macroeconomic environment have resulted in a significant decrease in our billed business, but we have seen steady improvement in our overall billed business since mid-April. The total balance of loans and receivables that were in a delinquent status peaked in the second quarter and then declined sequentially through the remainder of the year. Our write-offs and delinquencies were down year-over-year, reflecting our strong risk management practices, the record levels of government stimulus, and the broad availability of forbearance programs. We have remained focused on controlling operating expenses while investing in marketing initiatives to support our customers. Our liquidity levels and capital position remained strong, with capital ratios well above our targets and regulatory requirements. We are closely monitoring the changing macroeconomic environment and actively managing our balance sheet to reflect evolving circumstances. Our objective is to remain financially strong against a backdrop of an uncertain operating environment and outlook. We believe capital allocated to growing businesses with a return on risk-adjusted equity in excess of our costs will generate shareholder value. Our objective is to retain sufficient levels of capital generated through net income and other sources to maintain a strong balance sheet, provide flexibility to support future business growth, and distribute excess capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. The ongoing management of our business model and strategic initiatives reflects our commitment to adaptability and resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptions.