The outbreak of a novel strain of the coronavirus ("COVID-19") has led to adverse impacts on the national and global economy. We have been able to keep our stores open and operating in the U.S. and have taken numerous measures to ensure the health, safety, and well-being of our customers and employees. We provided new emergency time-off benefit enhancements for both full-time and part-time eligible hourly employees in the U.S. and invested in supplies for the protection of our employees and customers, increased the frequency of cleaning and disinfecting, and introduced new service options for customers, such as curbside pickup. These expanded benefits and other COVID-19 related costs resulted in approximately $83.9 million of expense included in operating, selling, general and administrative expenses. In March 2020, we issued $1.250 billion in senior notes and closed on a new 364-day senior unsecured revolving credit facility to strengthen our financial position and our ability to be responsive during this ever-changing environment. We have also experienced challenges in recruiting and hiring employees in certain of our retail stores and distribution centers. While sales were initially negatively impacted, they have since increased to record levels. However, we are unable to accurately predict the impact that COVID-19 will have due to numerous uncertainties, including the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, and actions that may be taken by governmental authorities. Continued business disruption related to the COVID-19 outbreak may continue to cause significant fluctuations in our business, impacting demand for our products, our store hours, and our workforce availability, and magnifying risks associated with sourcing quality merchandise domestically and outside the U.S. A resurgence of the outbreak or other unforeseen developments may impede our ability to complete construction and open new stores at our desired pace. Our business is impacted by various factors within the economy that affect both our consumer and our industry, including but not limited to fuel costs, wage rates, and other economic conditions. Given the nature of these macroeconomic factors, we cannot predict whether or for how long certain trends will continue, nor can we predict to what degree these trends will impact us in the future. During fiscal 2020, we reported a total auto parts segment sales increase of 6.5%. The decrease in capital expenditures from fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2020 was attributable to delayed store openings in response to COVID-19. We plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors' capacity to factor their receivables from us. A downgrade in our credit or changes in the financial markets may limit the financial institutions' willingness to participate in these arrangements, which may result in the vendor wanting to renegotiate payment terms. We anticipate that we will be able to obtain financing in view of our credit ratings and favorable experiences in the debt markets in the past. Our investments are expected to be directed primarily to new locations, supply chain infrastructure, enhancements to existing locations, and investments in technology. The expected increase in investment is driven by delays in capital spending for the third and fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 related to COVID-19. We temporarily ceased share repurchases under our share repurchase program to conserve liquidity in response to the uncertainty related to COVID-19. We will continue to evaluate current and expected business conditions and adjust the level of share repurchases as we deem appropriate.