We are focused on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. The global outbreak of COVID-19 and the residual impacts of the 737 MAX grounding continue to have significant adverse impacts on our business and are expected to continue to negatively impact revenue, earnings, and operating cash flow in future quarters. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. The current environment is also affecting the financial viability of some airlines. We expect the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic to continue to significantly impact revenues in future quarters until the commercial airline industry recovers. To balance supply and demand given the COVID-19 shock and to preserve our long-term potential and competitiveness, we have reduced the production rates of several of our programs. We will maintain a disciplined rate management process and make adjustments as appropriate in the future. We are implementing procedures to promote employee safety in our facilities, including more frequent and enhanced cleaning and adjusted schedules and workflows to support physical distancing. These actions have resulted, and will continue to result, in increased operating costs. Our suppliers are also experiencing liquidity pressures and disruptions to their operations as a result of COVID-19. We continue to make progress across our business transformation efforts as we utilize a lower production rate environment to transform and improve our business processes. We are assessing our overall facility requirements in light of reduced demand in our commercial businesses and remote and virtual work opportunities for large numbers of our workforce. The consolidation of the 787 production in South Carolina is an example of this. We anticipate a reduction of approximately 30% in office space needs compared to our current capacity. The overhead and organization pillar is focused on our cost structure and how we are organized so we can right-size our workforce and simplify and reduce management layers and bureaucracy. We expect that successful execution of these measures will improve near-term liquidity and long-term cost competitiveness. The long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to the fundamental drivers of air travel demand: economic growth, increasing propensity to travel due to increased trade, globalization, and improved airline services driven by liberalization of air traffic rights between countries. We are focused on improving our products and services and continuing our business transformation efforts, which enhances our ability to compete and positions us for market recovery. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable, and we continue to see a healthy market with solid demand for our major platforms and programs both domestically and internationally. However, we experienced near-term production impacts associated with our temporary suspension of operations at various locations in 2020. The ongoing impacts of COVID-19 on market demand have created significant uncertainty around the timing of deliveries of 737 MAX aircraft in inventory. We are working with our customers to minimize the impact to their operations from grounded and undelivered aircraft. We continue to reassess the liability for estimated potential concessions and other considerations to customers on a quarterly basis. The remaining liability represents our current best estimate of future concessions and other considerations to customers, and is necessarily based on a series of assumptions.