Our business is driven primarily by international results, which consist of the results of booking.com, agoda, and rentalcars.com in their entirety and the international businesses of kayak and opentable. We seek to empower people to cut through travel barriers, such as money, time, language, and overwhelming options, so they can use our services to easily and confidently go where they want to go. In response to the outbreak of the novel strain of the coronavirus, many governments around the world have implemented a variety of measures to reduce the spread of COVID-19, including travel restrictions and bans. These government mandates have forced many of the partners on whom our business relies to seek government support in order to continue operating or to curtail drastically their service offerings. The COVID-19 pandemic has materially adversely affected, and may further adversely affect, consumer sentiment and discretionary spending patterns, economies and financial markets, and our workforce, operations, and customers. We have taken and are taking various actions to address the impact of the pandemic on our business, including raising $4.1 billion in debt and negotiating amendments to our revolving credit facility to provide additional financial flexibility. We have also undertaken restructuring activities at all of our brands, suspended general share repurchases, eliminated non-essential business travel, and significantly reduced marketing spend worldwide. In response to the reduction in our business volumes, we took actions at all of our brands to reduce the size of our workforce to optimize efficiency and reduce costs, which we expect to result in annualized cost savings of approximately $370 million in personnel-related expenses. We have also been working with travelers and our travel service provider partners to deal with reservation cancellations and other disruptions arising from the impact of the pandemic. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic are wide-ranging and affect all aspects of our business. We anticipate that we will continue to make decisions and take actions to address the impacts of the pandemic on our business, including additional efforts to reduce costs while preserving our ability to offer valuable services to consumers and partners when the industry recovers. Our financial results and prospects are almost entirely dependent on the sale of travel-related services. The extent of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business is highly uncertain and will ultimately depend on future developments. We believe that as effective vaccines become widely distributed, people will feel it is safe to travel again and government restrictions will be relaxed, although the timing remains uncertain. Given the volatility in the global travel industry and the financial difficulties faced by many of our travel service provider and restaurant partners, we have increased our provision for expected credit losses on receivables from and cash advances made to our travel service provider and restaurant partners. We expect to continue to see severely reduced new travel and restaurant reservation bookings as compared to 2019 levels for the foreseeable future, which will have a materially adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The uncertain and highly competitive environment in which we operate makes the prediction of future results of operations difficult, and accordingly, we may not be able to return to the levels of revenue growth and profitability we experienced prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. We believe that our existing cash balances and liquid resources will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures, and other obligations through at least the next twelve months. However, if we are not successful in generating sufficient cash flow from operations or in raising additional capital when required, we may be required to reduce our planned capital expenditures and scale back the scope of our business plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, our ability to compete, or our future growth prospects.