BlackRock has implemented a number of steps to prepare for the outcome of the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union, which include effecting organizational, governance and operational changes, applying for and receiving additional licenses and permissions in the EU, and engaging in client communications. These steps may add complexity to BlackRock's future European operations and could impede the company's growth or impact its financial performance. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to result in governmental authorities taking numerous measures to contain its spread, which may severely restrict global economic activity, disrupt supply chains, lower asset valuations, and cause significant volatility in the financial markets. The aggregate extent to which COVID-19 and the related global economic crisis affect BlackRock's business will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain. BlackRock's diversified platform enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning the company to invest for the long term by balancing future growth and prudent discretionary expense management. The company is committed to helping clients build more resilient portfolios, integrating sustainability into technology, risk management, and product choice, and deepening its efforts in this area. BlackRock's framework for long-term value creation is predicated on generating differentiated organic growth and leveraging scale to increase operating margins over time. The company believes that it will be able to continue to grow assets under management organically by focusing on strong investment performance, efficient delivery of beta for index products, client service, developing new products, and optimizing distribution capabilities. The anticipated industry consolidation and regulatory requirements are expected to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. BlackRock's Aladdin platform provides clients with the ability to manage portfolios and risk across public and private asset classes on a single platform. The company continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance its ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients, and operate efficiently. The company has also established a charitable foundation to provide long-term funding for philanthropic investments and partnerships, which reflects its commitment to community resilience. BlackRock's investment management revenue is primarily derived from fees earned as a percentage of assets under management, which are affected by changes in market conditions, foreign exchange rates, and net inflows or outflows. The company manages its financial condition and funding to maintain appropriate liquidity for the business, with total liquidity resources increasing significantly during 2020. BlackRock's ability to adapt to changing market conditions and external pressures is crucial for maintaining its operational effectiveness and organizational resilience. The company continuously monitors its liquidity and capital resources due to the ongoing pandemic and related economic conditions, ensuring that it can respond effectively to unexpected situations and maintain its competitive advantage in turbulent markets.