Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities and manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. In response to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, our businesses implemented various business continuity plans to protect our employees and customers, which included temporarily closing certain retail stores and manufacturing facilities. Our businesses that were deemed essential continued to operate through the pandemic, including our railroad, utilities and energy, insurance, and certain manufacturing and service businesses. We also took actions in response to the economic losses from reductions in consumer demand for products and services, including employee furloughs, wage and salary reductions, and capital spending reductions. Certain of our businesses undertook restructuring activities to resize their operations to better fit expected customer demand. The pandemic caused significant economic disruptions that adversely affected the demand for transportation services, and the full extent to which it may impact our business, operating results, financial condition, or liquidity will depend on future developments. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax earnings from underwriting that reflected the effects of the pandemic, arising from premium reductions and increased loss estimates for certain commercial insurance and property and casualty reinsurance business. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. The effects of the pandemic in the future may be affected by judicial rulings and regulatory and legislative actions pertaining to insurance coverage and claims, which we cannot reasonably estimate at this time. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount, and we insist on safety over yield with respect to short-term investments. Our insurance and other businesses held cash, cash equivalents, and U.S. Treasury bills, which reflects our commitment to financial strength and redundant liquidity. We also expect to incur pre-tax underwriting losses from businesses primarily through deferred charge amortization and discount accretion charges. Our railroad, utilities, and energy businesses maintain very large investments in capital assets and will regularly make significant capital expenditures in the normal course of business. We cannot reliably predict future economic effects of the pandemic or when business activities at all of our numerous and diverse operations will normalize. Our management views our insurance businesses as possessing two distinct activities—underwriting and investing—and we evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains/losses. We strive to generate underwriting profits while maintaining operational flexibility and resilience strategies to adapt to changing market conditions. The nature and extent of loss information provided under many facultative or per occurrence excess contracts may be comparable to the information received under a primary insurance contract, but loss reporting to reinsurers is typically slower. We maintain certain internal procedures to determine that the information is complete and in compliance with the contract terms, reflecting our commitment to organizational resilience and effective risk management practices.