Our sales and revenues for 2020 were $41.748 billion, a decrease of $12.052 billion, or 22 percent, compared with $53.800 billion in 2019. The decline was due to lower sales volume driven by lower end-user demand for equipment and services and the impact from changes in dealer inventories across the three primary segments. We continue to implement safeguards in our facilities to protect team members, including increased frequency of cleaning and disinfecting, social distancing practices, and other measures consistent with specific governmental requirements and guidance from health authorities. At the end of 2020, nearly all of our primary production facilities continued to operate, although this fluctuated as conditions warranted, including the pace of economic recovery and the potential for additional COVID-related temporary shutdowns. We have continued to take actions to reduce costs and prioritize our spending to provide for investment in services and expanded offerings, key elements of our strategy for profitable growth. 

In response to the continued global economic uncertainty due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we suspended 2020 short-term incentive compensation plans for many employees and all senior executives, resulting in no short-term incentive compensation expense being recognized during 2020. We expect short-term incentive compensation expense will be about $900 million for 2021. The decrease in profit was primarily due to lower sales volume, unfavorable price realization, and higher restructuring costs, partially offset by lower selling, general and administrative expenses and favorable manufacturing costs. 

We expect to incur about $400 million of restructuring costs in 2021, and prior restructuring actions are expected to result in an incremental benefit to operating costs of about $150 million in 2021 compared with 2020. We have taken actions to maintain our strong financial position and increase liquidity, raising $2.0 billion of incremental cash by issuing bonds and entering into short-term credit facilities. We also do not have any outstanding borrowings under either commercial paper support program as of the date of this filing. 

The demand for our equipment and related parts is highly cyclical and significantly impacted by commodity prices, which affects our ability to maintain operational flexibility and adapt to changing market conditions. Our financial products operations are funded primarily from commercial paper, term debt issuances, and collections from its existing portfolio. The allowance for credit losses is management's estimate of expected losses over the life of our finance receivable portfolio, calculated using loss forecast models that consider historical credit loss experience and current economic conditions. 

We facilitate voluntary supply chain finance programs through participating financial institutions, allowing suppliers to manage their cash flow. The amounts payable to participating financial institutions for suppliers who voluntarily participate in the programs were $533 million and $575 million at December 31, 2020, and December 31, 2019, respectively. We account for payments made under the programs as a reduction to our cash flows from operations. Our capital allocation strategy is focused on maintaining a strong financial position while funding operational requirements and commitments, and we intend to utilize our liquidity and debt capacity to fund targeted investments that drive long-term profitable growth.