The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in authorities implementing numerous measures to contain the virus, including travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, and business limitations and shutdowns. Our compliance with these containment measures has impacted our day-to-day operations and could disrupt our business and operations, as well as that of our key customers, suppliers, and other counterparties, for an indefinite period of time. To support the health and well-being of our employees, customers, partners, and communities, a vast majority of our employees are still working remotely. The pandemic has caused some volatility in our usual delivery timing for our hardware and IP products to certain customers. Despite the challenges posed by the pandemic, it did not have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, or cash flows during fiscal 2020. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our business. Our strategy, which we call intelligent system design, is to provide the technology necessary for our customers to develop electronic products across a variety of vertical markets. Our products and services enable our customers to develop complex and innovative electronic products, so demand for our technology is driven by our customers' investment in new designs and products. The acquisitions we completed enhance our technology portfolio to address growing radio frequency design activity, driven by expanding use of 5G communications. Management uses certain performance indicators to manage our business, including revenue, certain elements of operating expenses, and cash flow from operations. We experienced decreased operating expenses for travel, meetings, and events due to various measures implemented to contain COVID-19. Our operating margin increased during fiscal 2020, as revenue growth exceeded the growth of our costs and expenses. The increase in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2020 was primarily due to improved results from operations and timing of cash receipts from customers and disbursements made to vendors. We expect that current cash and cash equivalent balances, cash flows generated from operations, and cash borrowings available under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to meet our domestic and international working capital needs, and other capital and liquidity requirements, including acquisitions and share repurchases for at least the next 12 months. The increase in our net working capital is primarily due to improved results from operations, the timing of cash receipts from customers, and disbursements made to vendors. We have initiated restructuring plans in recent years to better align our resources with our business strategy. The restructuring charges and related benefits are derived from management's estimates made during the formulation of the restructuring plans. Our future effective tax rates may be materially impacted by tax amounts associated with our foreign earnings at rates different from the United States federal statutory rate, research credits, the tax impact of stock-based compensation, and changes in tax law. We expect revenue from our customers in China to be consistent as a percentage of total revenue. The percentage of our recurring and up-front revenue may be impacted by the delivery of hardware and IP products to our customers in any single fiscal period. Revenue characterized as recurring includes revenue recognized over time from our software arrangements, services, royalties, maintenance on IP licenses and hardware, and operating leases of hardware. Our products and services are designed to give our customers a competitive edge in their development of integrated circuits and increasingly sophisticated electronic devices and systems.