The COVID-19 pandemic and measures taken to prevent its spread impacted our business and presented significant challenges throughout 2020. Despite these restrictions, we have continued to deliver our services uninterrupted across our footprint. The pandemic has significantly impacted how our customers use our products and services, how they interact with us, and how our employees work and provide services to our customers. Our ability to successfully operate our business and deliver services during the COVID-19 pandemic is a result of investments we have made in our network, our employees, and our systems. We have been able to respond to the significant increase in data demands on our network to enable social distancing through telecommuting and e-learning with usage by our internet-only customers averaging over 600 gigabytes per month, up nearly 20% from the end of 2019. We enhanced safety protocols for field and other employees working outside their home. Our operating and investment strategy has allowed us to sustain and accelerate our customer and financial growth during the pandemic. We cannot predict the ultimate impact of COVID-19 on our business, including the depth and duration of the economic impact to household formation and growth, our residential and business customers' ability to pay for our products and services, and the long-term impact on our business, including from consumer behavior, after the pandemic is over. We remain focused on driving customer relationship growth by deploying superior products and services packaged with attractive pricing. We expect to continue to drive customer relationship growth through sales of bundled services and improving customer retention despite the expectation for continued losses of video and wireline voice customers. We have invested significantly in our self-service infrastructure, and customers have accelerated the adoption of our digital self-service capabilities and self-installation program with nearly 80% of installations using the program. We prioritized requests from government, healthcare, and educational institutions for new fiber connections, bandwidth upgrades, and new services. A significant portion of our workforce was temporarily moved to remote work arrangements. The interruption of professional sports seasons resulted in lower programming expenses due to estimated sports rebates from sports programming networks as a result of canceled sporting events. Economic conditions and temporary closures or reductions in operations of businesses resulted in reduced advertising spend and lower revenues from seasonal plans offered to small and medium business customers. We increased wages for all hourly field operations and customer service call center employees and gave our employees additional paid sick time for COVID-19-related illnesses and a flex time program to address other COVID-19 issues. We expect bad debt expense and churn in 2021 to return to pre-pandemic levels. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite the presence of adversity has been demonstrated through our response strategies, including the implementation of programs to assist COVID-19 impacted customers and the enhancement of our operational flexibility to adapt to changing conditions. We recognize the need for ongoing risk assessment and management to navigate future uncertainties and maintain our organizational resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptions.