COVID-19 materially impacted our 2020 results of operations. While cable communications results were strong, NBCUniversal and Sky results experienced material negative impacts due to the temporary closure of our theme parks and the postponement of sporting events, respectively. Our distribution network performed well under the stress of increased traffic and peak usage driven by increased video streaming, gaming, and videoconferencing as customers worked and learned remotely from home. We incurred costs in 2020 associated with compensating personnel in roles affected by COVID-19, primarily during the first half of the year. These costs included additional compensation for frontline personnel who worked to keep our customers connected to our services. The deterioration of economic conditions caused by COVID-19 resulted in significant reductions in advertising spend by our customers in the cable networks and broadcast television segments. The temporary closure of all of our theme parks had the most significant impact on our revenue and adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2020, on a consolidated basis. We expect the results of operations at our theme parks will continue to be negatively impacted in the near to medium term, and we cannot predict with certainty when the Hollywood park will reopen. The deterioration of economic conditions caused by COVID-19 resulted in reduced demand for certain of our residential and business services and reduced spending from advertisers, which have had and likely will continue to have negative impacts on our revenue over the near to medium term. We expect that our businesses will continue to generate significant cash flows from operating activities, and we believe that these cash flows, together with our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments, available borrowings under our existing credit facilities, and our ability to obtain future external financing, will be sufficient for us to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements. We expect the timing of certain priorities may continue to be impacted, such as the pace of our debt reduction efforts and returning capital to shareholders, and the delay of certain capital projects. We have implemented and will continue to implement cost savings initiatives across our businesses that have impacted and will continue to impact our results of operations. Our businesses implemented separate cost savings initiatives, with the most significant relating to severance at NBCUniversal in connection with the realignment of the operating structure in our television businesses as well as overall reductions in the cost base. The impacts of COVID-19 and measures taken to prevent its spread across the globe have impacted our businesses in a number of ways. We believe that the impacts of overall economic conditions could result in the recognition of an impairment charge in the future. We will continue to evaluate the impacts of COVID-19 on our businesses, including the impacts of overall economic conditions. Our programming expenses will be impacted by rate increases to a greater extent in 2021 compared to 2020 due to the timing of contract renewals, partially offset by expected declines in the number of residential video customers. The creation and availability of our film and television programming in the United States and globally have been disrupted, including from the suspension of studio production operations in the first half of 2020. We expect results of operations in our filmed entertainment segment to continue to be negatively impacted over the near to medium term as a result of COVID-19. The uncertainty makes it challenging for management to estimate with precision the future performance of our businesses.