The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected our operations and financial results for the foreseeable future. In response to COVID-19, we temporarily closed some restaurants and dining rooms and continue to follow guidance from health officials in determining appropriate restrictions. We have taken steps to enhance our robust food safety protocols, including the creation of a steward role focused on sanitization in high-touch areas, providing masks for all employees, and implementing tamper-evident packaging for digital orders. We remain focused on reducing non-essential controllable costs and judiciously spending on return-generating projects to preserve liquidity. We have not experienced significant disruptions in our supply chain to date, but future disruptions could occur if the impacts of COVID-19 extend for a considerable amount of time. We are adapting our restaurant operations to the changing environment and have shifted sales towards delivery after temporarily closing dining rooms. Our digital sales, which include delivery and customer pick-up, increased significantly year over year, accounting for a substantial portion of total sales. We have implemented measures to minimize waste, effectively schedule labor hours, and reduce non-essential costs. We believe that cash from operations, along with our cash and investment balances, will be sufficient to meet ongoing capital expenditures and working capital requirements for the foreseeable future. We proactively implemented several actions to reduce cash outlays and expenses as sales fell quickly due to COVID-19. We halted all non-essential travel and expenses and suspended our stock buyback program as part of our cash preservation strategy. We expect to generate positive cash flow through the foreseeable future, assuming no significant declines in comparable restaurant sales. Should our business deteriorate due to changing conditions, there are additional actions we can take to further conserve liquidity. The significant factors contributing to the total revenue increase in 2020 were new restaurant openings and comparable restaurant sales increases, demonstrating our capacity for adaptation and resilience in a challenging environment. Our results reflect the importance of operational flexibility and strategic response to external pressures, allowing us to maintain performance under pressure. We continue to invest in improving our digital platforms and have upgraded our capabilities to support the growth in our digital business, which has become increasingly vital in the current landscape. The measures we have taken illustrate our commitment to organizational resilience, enabling us to confront and benefit from sudden disruptive changes while ensuring the health and safety of our guests and employees.