As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, Russia, and countries in the Middle East and Africa. Our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or customer or the economy of any single country on our consolidated results. The outbreak of COVID-19 spread throughout the world and became a global pandemic with resultant economic impacts evolving into a worldwide recession. The pandemic triggered a significant downturn in our markets globally, which continued to unfavorably impact market conditions throughout 2020, and these challenging market conditions could continue for an extended period of time. In an effort to contain the spread of COVID-19, maintain the well-being of our employees and stakeholders, match the reduced demand from our customers, and in accordance with governmental requirements, we closed or partially shut down certain office, manufacturing, distribution, and technical center facilities around the world in March 2020. Despite many of our markets recovering in the second half of 2020, the ongoing spread of the virus prior to widespread vaccination presents several risks to our business, especially in the first half of 2021. Our board of directors continues to monitor and evaluate all of these factors along with the continuing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations. The majority of our major customers experienced extended production shutdowns in response to the pandemic in the first half of 2020. Although many of these customers reopened their facilities and ramped up their production in the second half of 2020, levels of future production remain uncertain and will be determined by supply chain constraints, market demand, and government decisions to keep economies open. Supplier shutdowns may result in parts shortages and negatively impact our ability to manufacture products and meet aftermarket demand. Our manufacturing and distribution locations are generally considered critical services, and the majority of our facilities remain open to meet customer demand. We have taken, and will continue to take, a variety of steps to reduce the risk of employees contracting COVID-19 at work. These steps include social distancing, expanded cleaning and sanitization, adjusting work hours, and temperature checks. All manufacturing and distribution facilities are now open but remain subject to future closure if deemed necessary for the safety of our employees or to comply with future government mandates. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction, and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. The ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resultant global recession are expected to be temporary, but the duration of the production and supply chain disruptions, and related financial impacts, cannot be estimated at this time. Our liquidity of $7.0 billion in cash, marketable securities, and available credit facilities puts us in a strong position to deal with any uncertainties that may arise in 2021. We continue to generate significant cash from operations and maintain access to our expanded revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs.