Management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition, focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth, and credit quality metrics. The provision for credit losses increased by $4.0 billion to $10.3 billion in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily driven by allowance builds in the first and second quarters of 2020 due to expectations of economic worsening as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our allowance for credit losses increased by $8.4 billion to $15.6 billion, and our allowance coverage ratio increased by 348 basis points to 6.19% as of December 31, 2020 from 2019, driven by the allowance builds from expectations of economic worsening due to the pandemic. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic ultimately impacts our business, results of operations, and financial condition will depend on future developments that are still uncertain and cannot be predicted. We expect that the auto 30+ day delinquency rate and net charge-off rate will increase as used car auction prices decrease from elevated levels and the temporary favorable impact of our COVID-19 customer assistance program diminishes. Our liquidity reserves increased by $53.4 billion to $144.0 billion as of December 31, 2020, primarily driven by increases in our cash balances from deposit growth and in our investment securities. We have established liquidity practices that are intended to ensure that we have sufficient asset-based liquidity to cover our funding requirements and maintain adequate reserves to withstand the potential impact of deposit attrition or diminished liquidity in the funding markets. Our capital management processes are linked to our risk management practices, including the enterprise-wide identification, assessment, and measurement of risks to ensure that all relevant risks are incorporated in the assessment of the company's capital adequacy. We manage liquidity risk by applying our liquidity framework, which uses internal and regulatory stress testing and the evaluation of other balance sheet metrics to confirm that we maintain a fortified balance sheet that is resilient to uncertainties that may arise as a consequence of systemic, idiosyncratic, or combined liquidity events. Our risk management framework sets consistent expectations for risk management across the company and establishes a risk appetite statement for the company to set forth the high-level principles that govern risk-taking. The strategic planning process considers relevant changes to the company's overall risk profile, and we continuously monitor market and economic conditions to evaluate emerging stress conditions and to develop appropriate action plans in accordance with our contingency funding plan and our recovery plan. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we began offering programs to accommodate customer hardship across our lines of business, designed to provide customers with prompt relief. Our operational risk management program establishes practices for assessing the operational risk profile and executing key control processes for operational risks, which include internal and external fraud, cyber and technology risk, data management, model risk, third-party management, and business continuity. We recognize that compliance requirements for financial institutions are increasingly complex and that there are heightened expectations from our regulators and our customers, which necessitates continuous evaluation of the regulatory environment and proactive adjustment of our compliance program.