In connection with the mitigation and containment procedures recommended by the World Health Organization and imposed by governmental authorities, we implemented measures designed to keep our employees safe and address business continuity issues at our distribution centers and other locations. We continue to evaluate and plan for the potential effects of a prolonged disruption and the related impacts on our revenue, results of operations, and cash flows. Our operations have generated cash flows, which, together with availability under our debt agreements and credit terms from suppliers, have provided sufficient capital resources to finance working capital and cash operating requirements, and to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, repayment of debt, and the payment of interest on outstanding debt. Our primary ongoing cash requirements will be to finance working capital, fund the repayment of debt, and fund the payment of dividends. Future cash flows from operations and borrowings are expected to be sufficient to fund our ongoing cash requirements, including the opioid litigation payments that are expected to be made over 18 years. The increase in accounts payable was primarily driven by the timing of scheduled payments to suppliers, and the increase in inventories was due to an increase in business volume. We use days sales outstanding, days inventory on hand, and days payable outstanding to evaluate our working capital performance. Our cash flows from operating activities can vary significantly from period to period based upon fluctuations in our period-end working capital. We recorded a $361.7 million impairment of Pharmedium's long-lived assets, and the forecasted cash flows used to estimate fair value and measure the related impairment were inherently uncertain and included assumptions that differed from actual results in future periods. The decision to permanently exit the Pharmedium compounding business was due to a number of factors, including ongoing operational, regulatory, and commercial challenges. We are in advanced discussions to reach a global settlement of the multi-district litigation and related state-court litigation brought by certain state and local governmental entities. The aforementioned litigation accrual has not and is not expected to have an impact on our compliance with our debt covenants or our ability to pay dividends. Deterioration of general economic conditions could adversely affect the number of prescriptions filled and the amount of pharmaceutical products purchased by consumers, which could reduce purchases by our customers. We believe that our estimates for the valuation allowances against deferred tax assets and the amount of benefits recognized in our financial statements for uncertain tax positions are appropriate based upon current facts and circumstances. Significant judgment is exercised in applying complex tax laws and regulations across multiple global jurisdictions where we conduct our operations. We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities. The effective tax rates were impacted by the impairment of Pharmedium's assets and legal settlements, which changed the mix of domestic and international income. We anticipate that we will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future, but the payment and amount of future dividends remain within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, and other factors.