Beginning in March 2020, our business and operations began to experience the impact of the worldwide COVID-19 pandemic, first within our European operations and as the month progressed throughout the balance of our global operations. In materially all of our jurisdictions, we have been deemed by local authorities an essential business because our operations ensure the removal of vehicles from repair shops, impound yards, and streets and highways, enabling the critical function of road infrastructure. As a result, we have continued to operate our facilities as well as our online-only auctions, while following appropriate health and safety protocols to ensure safe working conditions for our employees as well as for our sellers, buyers, and other business partners with whom we come in contact. We have been required to make adjustments in our business processes that may reduce efficiency or increase operating expenses, particularly if the pandemic continues over a long period of time. We adjusted, but did not make material modifications to, our operating expenses to be able to continue providing employment for our employees, service to our sellers, and process incoming vehicles for sale in future quarters. The longer-term impact on our business will depend on potential adverse operational impacts from outbreaks of COVID-19 at any of our locations; "second wave" outbreaks of COVID-19 in one or more of our geographic markets; a reduction in miles driven due to one or more factors relating to the COVID-19 pandemic; any further government actions in response to COVID-19 outbreaks that restrict business activity or travel; disruptions of governmental administrative operations due to COVID-19 outbreaks that adversely impact our core business activities, such as vehicle title processing; and deteriorating economic conditions generally. We believe that we contribute to economic development and well-being by enabling more affordable access to mobility around the world. Because of the special role we play in responding to catastrophic weather events, we believe we contribute to disaster recovery and resilience in the communities we serve. For example, we mobilized our people, entered into emergency leases, and engaged with a multitude of service providers to timely retrieve, store, and remarket tens of thousands of flood-damaged vehicles in the Houston, Texas metropolitan area in the wake of Hurricane Harvey in the summer of 2017. Our goals are to generate sustainable profits for our stockholders, while also providing environmental and social benefits for the world around us. We believe that our business is a critical enabler for the global re-use and recycling of vehicles, parts, and raw materials. We expect the pandemic to have an adverse effect on our quarterly revenues in future quarters, with the magnitude and timing of these effects dependent upon the extent and duration of suspended economic activity across our markets. We cannot predict how the pandemic will continue to develop, whether and to what extent new shelter-in-place orders will be issued, or to what extent the pandemic may have longer-term unanticipated impacts on our markets. We cannot specifically quantify the financial impact that commodity pricing, used car pricing, and product sales mix has on the selling price of vehicles, our service revenues, or financial results. Our business is seasonal as inclement weather during the winter months increases the frequency of accidents and consequently, the number of cars involved in accidents which the insurance companies salvage rather than repair. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months.