In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we took actions that focused on maintaining business continuity, supporting our employees, helping our customers and communities, and preparing for the future and long-term success of our business. We experienced a slight decline in new business in the first quarter of fiscal 2021; however, new business grew during the remainder of fiscal 2021 at rates consistent with historical trends prior to COVID-19. As a result of actions taken in response to the pandemic, we experienced incremental operating expenses and lower than expected operating cash flows for the full year of fiscal 2021. We have implemented strategic realignments to position our company for future growth and will continue to do so, particularly as we evaluate the impact of COVID-19 on our business. We redirected some resources from areas that no longer align with our business priorities into key growth and strategic areas. The ultimate extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance depends on certain developments, including the duration of the pandemic and any resurgences, the severity of the disease, and the impacts on our customers and our sales cycles. We continue to evaluate our office space needs, which may result in additional impairments to associated assets. The pandemic has caused business slowdowns or shutdowns in affected areas, which have impacted our business and results of operations. We have experienced increased internet demand, which could cause access issues, and could affect our ability to develop and support products and services. Our ability to generate new business leads and the impacts on our customers may persist for an indefinite period. We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure, and debt repayment needs over the next 12 months. We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives, which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent compared to the prior year. We plan to continue to reinvest a significant portion of our income from operations in future periods to grow and innovate our business and service offerings. We regularly evaluate acquisitions and investment opportunities in complementary businesses, joint ventures, services, technologies, and intellectual property rights to expand our service offerings. Our strategy may continue to change related to investments in infrastructure, including offices and data centers, to provide capacity for the growth of our business. We have made and expect to continue to make additional investments in our infrastructure to scale operations, increase productivity, and enhance security measures. The timing and amount of these investments will affect our cost of revenues in future periods. We mobilized to support our employees, customers, and communities in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including providing an allowance for employees to improve their ability to work from home and launching solutions to help customers reopen safely. We recognize the importance of ensuring ethical and humane use of technologies and have developed strategic frameworks for responsible design and implementation across the company. We believe that effectively managing our priority environmental, social, and governance topics will help create long-term value for our investors.