Cintas helps more than one million businesses of all types and sizes get ready to open their doors with confidence every day by providing a wide range of products and services that enhance customers' image and help keep their facilities and employees clean, safe, and looking their best. The company’s strategy is to achieve revenue growth by increasing penetration at existing customers and broadening its customer base, which includes evaluating strategic acquisitions as opportunities arise. During the COVID-19 pandemic, Cintas was designated an essential business, allowing it to continue serving customers that remained open. The pandemic's impact on business operations led to the implementation of health and safety measures to keep employees, contractors, and customers safe, which did not materially affect the ability to service customers. However, some customers faced challenges in their ability to pay, and Cintas experienced an increase in inventory due to the pandemic. The company initiated activities to reduce operating costs and align its workforce with ongoing business needs, resulting in employee termination costs and long-lived asset impairment costs. Cintas regularly reviews its operating segments for reporting purposes based on the information its chief operating decision maker regularly reviews for resource allocation and performance assessment. The COVID-19 pandemic's fluid impact continues to evolve, creating uncertainty regarding the extent to which the business, consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity will ultimately be affected. Cintas has taken proactive measures to maintain financial flexibility, including limiting capital expenditures to essential business needs and evaluating future acquisitions and dividends based on the economic outlook. The company believes it has sufficient liquidity to operate in the current business environment due to these actions. Cintas' cash flows from operating activities have historically provided a significant source of liquidity, and the company expects these cash flows to remain adequate for short-term liquidity needs. The disruption from COVID-19 negatively impacted fiscal 2020 fourth-quarter financial results, but net cash flow from operating activities was not significantly affected. Cintas' effective tax rate on continuing operations was impacted by certain permanent differences, and the company was in compliance with all debt covenants for all periods presented. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused disruption in capital markets, potentially making financing more difficult or expensive. Cintas continues to assess the impact of COVID-19 on its liquidity position and financial performance, managing through uncertainty while maintaining a focus on operational continuity and strategic resilience. The company’s ability to adapt to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations reflects its organizational resilience.