The company executed preparedness plans to maintain continuity of its operations, including transitioning many office-based colleagues to a remote work environment and installing protective equipment in retail pharmacies. The company believes its innovative health care model increases access to quality care, delivers better health outcomes, and lowers overall health care costs. Our strong local presence and scale in communities across the country enabled us to play an indispensable role in the national response to COVID-19, as well as provide seamless support for customers wherever they needed us: in our CVS locations, in their homes, and virtually. In response to COVID-19, the company expanded benefit coverage to its members, including cost-sharing waivers for COVID-19 related treatments, as well as assistance to members through premium credits, telehealth cost-sharing waivers, and other investments. The COVID-19 pandemic has severely impacted the economies of the U.S. and other countries around the world, and the impact COVID-19 will have on our businesses, operating results, cash flows, and/or financial condition is uncertain, but the impact could be adverse and material. The company believes that its operating cash flows, commercial paper program, credit facilities, sale-leaseback program, as well as any potential future borrowings, will be sufficient to fund future payments and long-term initiatives. The company continuously assesses its regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs, debt and leverage levels, debt maturity schedule, capital expenditure requirements, dividend payouts, potential share repurchases, and future investments or acquisitions. The company maintains a level of liquidity sufficient to allow it to meet its cash needs in the short term. The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in a shift in the company's medical membership during the year, with declines in commercial membership due to reductions in workforce at existing customers, substantially offset by increases in Medicaid membership primarily as a result of the suspension of eligibility redeterminations and increased unemployment. The company experienced increased prescription volume due to the greater use of 90-day prescriptions and early refills of maintenance medications, as well as increased front store volume as consumers prepared for the COVID-19 pandemic. The company also played a key role in supporting local communities by offering COVID-19 diagnostic testing at more than 4,000 CVS pharmacy locations and administering COVID-19 vaccines in long-term care facilities and retail pharmacies. The company expects to benefit from the continuation of its enterprise-wide cost savings initiatives that are expected to ramp as it moves through the year, including ongoing digitalization of its business along with technology improvements in operations, office real estate reductions associated with workforce management changes, and productivity/operational efficiency initiatives. The company recognizes that the increased use of generic drugs has positively impacted its operating income and adjusted operating income but has also resulted in third-party payors augmenting their efforts to reduce reimbursement payments to retail pharmacies for prescriptions. The company believes that the challenges described may affect its ability to increase medical membership or operating income in the commercial business reporting unit at the rate estimated when the goodwill impairment test was performed and may continue to do so. The COVID-19 pandemic has had and may continue to have an adverse impact on the financial health of the company's long-term care facility customers due to declines in occupancy rates and increased operating expenses.