During the latter part of March 2020, the impacts of COVID-19 and the related widespread reductions in economic activity across the United States began to adversely affect our business. However, residential construction and financial services were designated as essential businesses in almost all of our markets, which allowed us to continue to operate during that time. We implemented operational protocols to comply with social distancing and other health and safety standards as required by federal, state, and local government agencies, taking into consideration guidelines of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other public health authorities. We experienced increases in sales cancellations and decreases in sales orders during April 2020 when restrictive stay-at-home orders were in place for many markets across the United States. However, as economic activity began to resume and restrictive orders began to be lifted, our weekly sales pace increased significantly, and our cancellation rate returned to normal levels. We believe our strong balance sheet and liquidity position provide us with the flexibility to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. Our operating strategy focuses on enhancing long-term value to our shareholders by leveraging our financial and competitive position in our core homebuilding business to increase the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows, while managing risk and maintaining financial flexibility to navigate changing economic conditions and make opportunistic strategic investments. We have made operational adjustments as a result of COVID-19; however, our strategy remains consistent and includes developing and retaining highly experienced and productive teams of personnel throughout our company that are aligned and focused on continuous improvement in our operational execution and financial performance. We are also allocating and actively managing our inventory investments across our operating markets to diversify our geographic risk, modifying product offerings, sales pace, home prices, and sales incentives as necessary in each of our markets to meet consumer demand and maintain affordability. We believe our operating strategy, which has produced positive results in recent years, will allow us to successfully operate through changing economic conditions to maintain and improve our financial and competitive position. We remain cautious as to the ongoing impact of COVID-19 on our operations and on the overall economy, with significant uncertainty regarding the extent to which and how long COVID-19 and its related effects will impact the U.S. economy and level of employment, capital markets, secondary mortgage markets, consumer confidence, demand for our homes, and availability of mortgage loans to homebuyers. We manage our inventory of homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. Our strong balance sheet and liquidity provide operational flexibility to adjust to changes in economic and market conditions. We are also maintaining higher homebuilding cash balances than in prior years to support the increased scale and level of activity in our business and to provide flexibility to adjust to changing conditions and opportunities.