Management continues to actively monitor the pandemic and has taken steps to identify and mitigate the adverse impacts on, and risks to, the company's business posed by the spread of COVID-19 and the governmental and community responses thereto. The company's businesses have activated their business continuity plans in response to the pandemic, including taking steps in an effort to help keep the workforce healthy and safe, and are assessing and updating those plans on an ongoing basis. The company has developed return-to-work protocols designed to help ensure the health and safety of its employees, customers, and business partners. The company is making significant investments to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development, and customer-facing resources in order to be responsive to the company's customers throughout the world and improve the efficiency of the company's operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has led to unprecedented restrictions on, and disruptions in, business and personal activities, and the company expects to take further actions as may be required by government authorities or as determined to be in the best interests of employees, customers, and other business partners. The company has modified certain business practices, including with respect to employee travel and work locations, to adapt to the evolving situation. The company continues to deploy its capabilities, expertise, and scale to address critical health needs related to COVID-19, including developing and making available diagnostic tests for rapid detection of the virus and supporting firms that are developing and producing vaccines. The impact of the pandemic on the company's different business locations around the world varies significantly, and the company has not experienced significant supply chain disruptions to date. However, the company recognizes that the global demand for many of its products and services may remain depressed in the near term. The company expects core sales and core sales including Cytiva to grow in the first quarter of 2021, assuming the negative impact of the pandemic does not increase. The company's long-term growth and profitability will depend on its ability to expand its business in high-growth geographies and market segments, develop innovative and differentiated new products and services, and effectively address the demands of an increasingly regulated global environment. The company’s geographic and industry diversity, as well as the range of its products, help limit the impact of any one industry or the economy of any single country on its consolidated operating results. The company faces a variety of opportunities and challenges, including rapid technological development and increasing regulation, which necessitate a proactive approach to risk management and operational flexibility. The company believes that its operating cash flow and other sources of liquidity will be sufficient to allow it to continue investing in existing businesses, consummating strategic acquisitions, and managing its capital structure on a short and long-term basis. The company continues to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its liquidity and capital resources and has taken actions intended to mitigate adverse impacts. The company’s ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is critical to its resilience strategy, which emphasizes adaptability, resource allocation, and operational continuity in the face of external pressures and disruptions.