We are closely monitoring the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our global business and operations, including the impact on our customers, suppliers, and business partners. All of our facilities have been and continue to be fully operational and operating in accordance with our business continuity and pandemic response plans. Our facilities have been deemed essential operations, allowing us to remain staffed with critical personnel to continue to provide services and support for our customers. We cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our future financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows due to numerous uncertainties. The global impact of the outbreak has been rapidly evolving, and we cannot predict whether further restrictions will be implemented or how long they will be in effect. Our workforce, excluding our critical data center employees, is working from home, which may impact productivity. We have also experienced delays in construction activity in a few of our markets due to government restrictions and labor availability, impacting some of our anticipated deliveries to customers. We continue to closely monitor the situation and communicate with our customers, contractors, and suppliers. We believe we have secured the majority of equipment needed to complete our current development activities. We are committed to maintaining a conservative capital structure, targeting a debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio at or less than 5.5x and fixed charge coverage of greater than three times. Our primary business objectives are to maximize sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share, cash flow, and returns to our stockholders. We expect to accomplish our objectives by achieving superior risk-adjusted returns, prudently allocating capital, diversifying our product offerings, and driving revenue growth and operating efficiencies. Our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop and lease capacity at favorable rates, which we may not be able to obtain. We have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure they meet our financial, technical, and other criteria. Our portfolio included 291 data centers, with approximately 5.4 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 2.3 million square feet of space held for development. We may continue to build out our development portfolio when justified by anticipated demand and returns. We are also subject to risks from changes in political conditions, geopolitical turmoil, and civil disturbances that could potentially result in adverse effects on our operations. Our access to funds under our global revolving credit facilities depends on the ability of the lenders to meet their funding commitments to us. If we do not have sufficient cash flow to continue operating our business and are unable to borrow additional funds, we may need to source alternative methods to improve our liquidity, which could include curtailing development activity or disposing of properties. We are committed to maintaining operational continuity and flexibility in our operations to adapt to changing market conditions and customer needs. Our strategic initiatives focus on enhancing our organizational resilience by ensuring that we can effectively respond to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations.