Emerson's business, operations, and end markets were negatively impacted in 2020 by the global outbreak and rapid spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19). The company's leadership and global operations remained focused on safely serving customers and protecting the health and safety of employees. In response to the pandemic, the company took actions aligned with the World Health Organization and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to protect its workforce, including social distancing, good hygiene, restrictions on employee travel and in-person meetings, and changes to employee work arrangements. The outbreak resulted in a rapid decline in demand, impacting most of the company's end markets and geographies, particularly in North America. In response to COVID-19, the company increased its restructuring and cost reset actions, resulting in fiscal 2020 savings of approximately $220 million and supporting profitability despite lower sales. The company also benefited from a salary and hiring freeze, furloughs, compensation reductions for the board of directors and key executives, and curtailed travel, meetings, and discretionary spending. The restructuring initiatives are expected to yield improved operating margins as sales volumes recover. The company increased its cash holdings to support liquidity in response to potential effects of COVID-19 and issued $1.5 billion of long-term debt to manage its liquidity and balance sheet. The company took actions to conservatively manage cash through reductions in planned capital expenditures and by suspending share repurchases. Management's actions to adjust to lower demand supported the company's commitment to its dividend plan, approving an increase for the 65th consecutive year. The company maintains a conservative financial structure to provide the strength and flexibility necessary to achieve strategic objectives and has been successful in efficiently deploying cash to fund operations and sustain long-term growth. The company's financial position is strong, with total assets of $23 billion and stockholders' equity of $8 billion, providing resources for reinvestment in existing businesses and strategic acquisitions. Emerson's outlook for fiscal 2021 assumes a conservative forecast for the macroeconomic environment, with expected slow-but-steady improvement in demand as economies gradually reopen. The company is well-positioned with a more agile and lean cost structure to sustain and build upon strong profitability, particularly as late cycle end markets begin their recovery. The guidance assumes no major operational or supply chain disruptions, although future developments related to COVID-19 could adversely affect operations and financial results. The company continues to generate substantial operating cash flow and has the resources available for reinvestment and managing its capital structure. The company's internal accounting controls provide reasonable assurance that errors or irregularities that could be material to the financial statements are prevented or detected in a timely manner, reflecting a commitment to organizational health and resilience.