The global pandemic has adversely impacted and is likely to further adversely impact nearly all aspects of our business and markets, including our workforce and the operations of our customers, suppliers, and business partners. Our priority has been to support our clinician partners, protect the well-being of our employees, and maintain continuous access to our life-saving technologies while offering front-line in-hospital support. Our manufacturing operations have continued to respond to impacts related to COVID-19, and we have been able to supply our technologies around the world. Across the organization, we are proactively managing inventory, assessing alternative logistics options, and closely monitoring the supply of components. In critical care, there was greater demand in Europe and the United States for our pressure monitoring products, but demand for other critical care products began to decrease at the end of the first quarter of 2020 due to COVID-19, and that trend continued through the fourth quarter of 2020. Despite the challenges associated with COVID-19, our net sales for 2020 were $4.4 billion, representing an increase of $38.3 million over 2019, driven by sales growth of our TAVR products. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property in support of those developments. While some evidence collection was slowed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we and the clinical community are committed to continuing our trials and generating robust evidence. Increased and improved management of intensive care unit capacity, as well as prioritization of heart surgery in many hospitals, contributed to rebounding procedure volumes late in the second quarter of 2020. In the fourth quarter of 2020, hospitals experienced an influx of COVID-19 patients, limiting surgical valve procedures. The ongoing adoption of TAVR also contributed to the decrease in United States surgical aortic valve sales. We are dedicated to generating robust clinical, economic, and quality of life evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the current healthcare environment, with the goal of encouraging the adoption of innovative new medical therapies that demonstrate superior outcomes. We believe that these sources are sufficient to fund the current requirements of working capital, capital expenditures, and other financial commitments for the next twelve months from the financial statement issuance date. We periodically consider various financing alternatives and may, from time to time, seek to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions. We believe that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result from our uncertain tax positions. We have a five-year credit agreement which matures on April 28, 2023. The credit agreement provides up to an aggregate of $750.0 million in borrowings in multiple currencies. The company was in compliance with all covenants at December 31, 2020. We have recorded contingent consideration resulting from a business combination at its fair value on the acquisition date. Changes to contingent consideration obligations can result from adjustments to discount rates, accretion of the discount rates due to the passage of time, changes in our estimates of the likelihood or timing of achieving development or commercial milestones, and changes in the probability of certain clinical events. We strive to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach agreement with a tax authority at any time. We are or may be a party to, or may otherwise be responsible for, pending or threatened lawsuits including those related to products and services currently or formerly manufactured or performed, as applicable, by us. We accrue for loss contingencies to the extent that we conclude that it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.