We operate in two operating segments: the upstream segment, which is engaged in the acquisition, development, exploration and exploitation of unconventional, onshore oil and natural gas reserves, and the midstream operations segment, which is focused on ownership, operation, development and acquisition of midstream infrastructure assets. In response to recent volatility in commodity prices, many producers have reduced their capital expenditure budgets, which may be subject to further reductions or curtailment if the commodity markets and macroeconomic conditions worsen. The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in a widespread health crisis and a swift and unprecedented reduction in international and U.S. economic activity, which has adversely affected the demand for oil and natural gas and caused significant volatility and disruption of the financial markets. Given the dynamic nature of these events, we cannot reasonably estimate the period of time that the COVID-19 pandemic and the adverse macroeconomic conditions will persist or the full extent of the impact they will have on our industry and our business. Our operational update indicates that we continue to focus on long-lateral multi-well pad development, and we are starting to see the benefits from our strategy to cut activity and high-grade development focusing on our most productive areas in terms of capital efficiency and early-time well performance. While the impact of recent winter storms on production is expected to be significant, we expect to overcome this adverse impact for the full year. To combat potential fluctuation in service costs, we have worked to implement new and more efficient drilling and completions methodologies and will continue to seek opportunities to control additional well costs where possible. Our 2021 capital budget reflects a disciplined approach to resource allocation, with a focus on maintaining production and increasing environmental transparency. We believe our cash flows from operations, cash on hand and borrowings under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund our operations through year-end 2021. However, future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, including the level of oil and natural gas production and prices. We monitor and adjust our projected capital expenditures in response to the results of our drilling activities, changes in prices, availability of financing, and other factors both within and outside our control. If we require additional capital, we may seek such capital through traditional reserve base borrowings, joint venture partnerships, production payment financing, asset sales, offerings of debt and or equity securities or other means. We cannot assure you that the needed capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. The ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical to our operational continuity and organizational resilience. We have entered into multiple fee-based commercial agreements with our subsidiary, utilizing its infrastructure assets to provide essential services critical to our upstream operations. The completion of the pending merger and acquisition agreements is expected to enhance our ability to generate free cash flow and realize significant synergies, which will contribute to our organizational strength and resilience strategies moving forward.