Protecting the health of our workforce and communities where we operate is a top priority, and we continue to focus on safeguarding our business in an uncertain public health and economic environment. Our operating sites successfully executed our revised operating plans implemented in response to the global COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting negative impact on the global economy. We believe that we have a high-quality portfolio of long-lived copper assets positioned to generate long-term value. Despite volatile market conditions and global economic uncertainty as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, we continue to view the long-term outlook for our business positively, supported by limitations on supplies of copper and by the requirements for copper in the world's economy. Our financial results vary as a result of fluctuations in market prices primarily for copper, gold, and, to a lesser extent, molybdenum. The key measures that management focuses on in operating our business are sales volumes, unit net cash costs, operating cash flows, and capital expenditures. Our consolidated operating cash flows vary with sales volumes; prices realized from copper, gold, and molybdenum sales; production costs; income taxes; other working capital changes; and other factors. We have significant mineral reserves, resources, and future development opportunities within our portfolio of mining assets. We plan to prioritize long-term development opportunities while focusing on the continued execution of our strategic objectives of maintaining a strong balance sheet, increasing cash returns to shareholders, and advancing opportunities for future growth. Our operations are in multiple jurisdictions where uncertainties arise in the application of complex tax regulations, and we are subject to reviews of our income tax filings and other tax payments. The cost of complying with environmental laws is a fundamental and substantial cost of our business. We incurred environmental capital expenditures and other environmental costs to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations that affect our operations. We are moving toward implementation of the tailings standard, which includes requirements across key areas including emergency response and long-term recovery. Our operations are also subject to various national, state, and local environmental laws and regulations that govern the protection of the environment, and compliance with those laws requires significant expenditures. We believe that our cash-generating capability and financial condition, together with our credit facility, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing, and financing needs. We have extended our debt maturities and strengthened our financial flexibility. Our consolidated cash and cash equivalents provide liquidity to support our foreign operations' capital expenditures, operating expenses, debt repayments, and working capital. Our strategic initiatives include evaluating opportunities to enhance net present values and considering future development of our copper resources. We have substantial resources in the U.S. and will continue to assess options for further growth. The ramp-up of underground production at the Grasberg minerals district in Indonesia continues to advance on schedule, and we expect production for the year to approximate levels nearly double those of the previous year. Our financial policies align with our strategic objectives of maintaining a strong balance sheet, increasing cash returns to shareholders, and advancing opportunities for future growth, which will be implemented following the achievement of a net debt target.