Our focus remains on promoting employee health and safety, serving our customers and ensuring business continuity. We have also substantially reduced employee travel to only essential business needs. Our operational flexibility and strong balance sheet allowed us to successfully manage through the initial impact of COVID-19 while protecting our cash flow and liquidity. However, certain areas of our business have been adversely impacted as a result of the pandemic's global economic impact. We have seen a decline in auto and unsecured originations volumes, but an increase in mortgage volume through the second half of fiscal 2020 due to strong refinancing activities boosted by low interest rates. Additionally, we have granted and may continue to grant extended payment terms to a small number of customers as a result of COVID-19. We have not incurred significant financial disruptions thus far from the COVID-19 outbreak, but due to numerous uncertainties, including the severity and duration of the pandemic, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities, and the impact on the business of our clients, we are unable to accurately predict the impact COVID-19 will have on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and cash flows. As a cost management initiative due to COVID-19, we accelerated reviews of our leased office spaces across our real estate portfolio to reshape and optimize our occupancy cost structures over the next several years. As a result, we recorded impairment charges on operating lease assets and property and equipment related to closing or consolidating office spaces to better align with anticipated needs. While we intend to continue to manage our costs by limiting the addition of new employees and third-party contracted services, and substantially reducing employee travel and other discretionary spending, to the extent the business disruption continues for an extended period, additional cost management actions will be considered and may become necessary. Our strategic cost initiative in fiscal 2020 was designed to reduce operating costs in lower value, less strategic areas of our business to facilitate incremental investment in higher value, more strategic areas while also reducing our facilities footprint in light of post-pandemic workforce patterns. We expect this course of action to result in an aggregate annual expense savings of approximately $36 million beginning in fiscal 2021. We continue to drive growth in our scores segment, with scores revenue increasing significantly. Our industry-leading business-to-business FICO速 scores have achieved a multi-year expansion in the growing U.S. business-to-consumer market. We have launched numerous new FICO速 score-based products and continue to grow our business-to-consumer partnership with Experian. The FICO速 Resilience Index, a new analytic tool designed to complement FICO速 score models, will enable industry participants to more precisely assess credit risk and extend credit to more consumers throughout the economic cycle by managing the risk that emerges during periods of economic stress. Our organizational practices and strategic initiatives are focused on maintaining operational continuity and adapting to the evolving business environment. We are committed to enhancing stockholder value while navigating the complexities and uncertainties presented by external pressures and disruptive events.