The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has caused significant disruptions to national and global economies and government activities. Our businesses have been designated as critical infrastructure by the U.S. government and many non-U.S. governments and, as such, are required to stay open. During this time, we have continued to conduct our operations to the fullest extent possible, while responding to the pandemic with actions that include implementing measures to protect the health and safety of our employees, modifying employee work locations and schedules where possible, coordinating closely with our suppliers and customers, managing our cost structure in the context of current business activity, instituting various aspects of our business continuity programs, planning for and working aggressively to mitigate disruptions that may occur, and supporting our communities and the U.S. government in addressing the challenges of the pandemic. We believe that the support by the Department of Defense (DoD) and the U.S. government generally, of the defense industrial base has helped and will continue to help mitigate the effects of disruptions on our U.S. defense business. We will continue to assess further potential consequences to our employees, business, supply chain, and customers, and take actions to mitigate adverse outcomes. We took actions in 2020 to strengthen our liquidity and financial condition. Our markets, with approximately 70% of our revenue from the U.S. government, influence our financial performance. The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the U.S. military's funding priorities, the diversity of our programs and customers, our insight into customer requirements stemming from our incumbency on core programs, our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment, and our proven track record of successful contract execution. We expect COVID-19 to continue to negatively impact our businesses, particularly aerospace, until the large economies of the world recover from the effects of the pandemic. As air travel resumes, we expect aircraft services volume to increase, but we could see some future aircraft deliveries delayed to the extent customers have difficulty traveling to take possession of their aircraft. In an effort to de-risk elements of the supply chain and better align production with demand, we have reduced our aircraft production rate until such time that the marketplace supports future increases. The marine systems segment's revenue growth was achieved as management worked to protect employees and support the supply chain to keep these critical programs on track during the pandemic. The technologies segment's operating performance steadily improved in the second half of 2020 with a reduced impact from the pandemic. We believe we have adequate funds on hand and sufficient borrowing capacity to execute our financial and operating strategy. The projected timing of cash flows associated with our obligations is based on management's estimates, which are based largely on historical experience. We continue to assess the benefits and limitations of the actions taken by the United States and other governments. Our total backlog, including funded and unfunded portions, was $89.5 billion on December 31, 2020, up 2.9% from $86.9 billion at the end of 2019. The increase in backlog is due primarily to the award of a $9.5 billion contract for the construction of the first two Columbia-class ballistic-missile submarines, as well as associated design and engineering support. The impact of COVID-19 on our production and delivery rates has delayed recovery in operating working capital. The aggregate impact of adjustments in contract estimates increased our operating earnings in 2020. We recognize adjustments in estimated profit on contracts under the cumulative catch-up method. We continue to evaluate the impact of the pandemic on our operations and take necessary actions to maintain operational continuity and resilience.