Our financial performance was strong in 2020, despite the global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which is a clear reflection of the solid underlying fundamentals of our business driven by the HIV franchise and the increased demand we saw for Veklury amid the COVID-19 pandemic. We also continued to expand and strengthen our commercial portfolio and clinical pipeline across various therapeutic areas to drive future growth potential. We developed several other therapies and treatments in our portfolio: Jyseleca, Tecartus, and Veklury, the first FDA-approved antiviral therapy for COVID-19. These efforts demonstrate our continued commitment to advancing innovative medicines in areas of unmet need. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our business and broader market dynamics. We expect a gradual recovery in underlying market dynamics starting the second quarter of 2021. Our strategic priorities reflect how we will deliver those ambitions: expand internal and external innovation, strengthen portfolio strategy and decision making, increase patient benefit and access, and continue to evolve our culture. We continually review our R&D projects based on unmet medical need and, as necessary, reallocate resources among our internal R&D portfolio and external opportunities that we believe will best support the long-term growth of our business. Our ability to deliver on our strategy and 2021 objectives is subject to a number of uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, which remains unpredictable; the continuation of an uncertain global macroeconomic environment; and our ability to realize the potential benefits of our acquisitions, collaborations, or licensing arrangements. The acquisition of Immunomedics will continue to contribute to our revenue growth in 2021. We may choose to repay certain of our long-term debt obligations prior to their maturity dates based on our assessment of current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements. Our existing capital resources, supplemented by cash flows generated from our operations, will be adequate to satisfy our capital needs for the foreseeable future. We believe the fair values used to record intangible assets acquired are based upon reasonable estimates and assumptions given the facts and circumstances as of the related valuation dates. The eventual realized value of the acquired IPR&D project may vary from its fair value at the date of acquisition. We are a party to various legal actions, and significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and the determination as to whether an exposure is reasonably estimable. We periodically reassess these matters when additional information becomes available and adjust our estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances indicate the need for any changes. Our strategic ambitions are to bring 10+ transformative therapies to patients by 2030, be the biotech employer and partner of choice, and deliver shareholder value in a sustainable and responsible manner. We have committed to make potential future milestone and other payments to third parties as part of licensing, collaboration, development, and other arrangements. The expected timing and payment amounts presented are estimated based on existing contracts and do not reflect any future modifications to, or terminations of, existing contracts or anticipated or potential new contracts.