The COVID-19 pandemic and government actions and measures taken to prevent its spread continue to affect our operations. In response to COVID-19, we previously suspended the majority of our global manufacturing operations and our automotive China JVs' manufacturing operations. By May 2020, we had resumed our global manufacturing operations. Government-imposed restrictions on businesses, operations, and travel and the related economic uncertainty have impacted demand for our vehicles in most of our global markets. During the first half of 2020, we executed a number of austerity measures, including aggressive actions to reduce costs and preserve liquidity, such as limiting advertising and other third-party spending, suspending our dividend on common shares, deferring salaried employee compensation, and delaying non-critical projects, including certain future product programs. The extent of COVID-19's impact on our future operations, liquidity, and the demand for our products will depend upon, among other things, the duration and severity of the outbreak or subsequent outbreaks, related government responses, and the pace of recovery of economic activity. We expect the semiconductor supply shortage will have a short-term impact on our business. We do not expect this shortage to impact our growth and electric vehicle initiatives; we will continue prioritizing full-size trucks, SUVs, and electric vehicles. We achieved $4.5 billion in cost savings primarily from reductions in automotive and other cost of sales and automotive and other selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated financial statements, inclusive of savings related to the wind-down of Holden sales, design and engineering operations, and sale of our vehicle and powertrain manufacturing facilities in Thailand. As a result of re-timing 2020 spending due to pandemic-related austerity measures into 2021 and a strategic decision to accelerate investments in our all-electric future beginning in 2021, we expect that our annual capital expenditures will exceed $7.0 billion through at least 2023. We continue to assess our performance and the needs of our evolving business, and additional restructuring and rationalization actions could be required. These actions could give rise to future asset impairments or other charges, which may have a material impact on our operating results. The automotive industry and GM are currently experiencing a global semiconductor supply shortage. We will continue to build upon our strong brands, network, and partnerships in China as well as continue to drive improvements in vehicle mix and cost. We recorded charges of $0.7 billion in the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily related to dealer restructuring charges, property and intangible asset impairments, inventory provisions, and employee separation charges in Australia, New Zealand, Thailand, and India. The ongoing global macro-economic impact of COVID-19 and geopolitical tensions may continue to place pressure on our operations. We believe our current levels of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable debt securities, available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facilities, and other liquidity actions currently available to us are sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements. We have substantial cash requirements going forward, which we plan to fund through our total available liquidity, cash flows from operating activities, and additional liquidity measures, if determined to be necessary. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in the "forward-looking statements" section and risk factors, some of which are outside of our control. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet.