The outbreak of the COVID-19 coronavirus has led to adverse impacts on the U.S. and global economies and has impacted and continues to impact our supply chain, operations, and customer demand. Even though the company has taken measures to adapt to operating in this challenging environment, the pandemic could further affect our operations and the operations of our suppliers and vendors as a result of additional shut-downs or other governmental orders; restrictions and limitations on travel, logistics, and other business activities; potential product and labor shortages; limitations on store or facility operations up to and including closures; and other governmental, business, or consumer actions. As circumstances have evolved, our focus has been and continues to be on two key priorities: the safety and well-being of our associates and customers, and providing our customers and communities with the products and services that they need. As we adapted to operations in a COVID-19 environment during fiscal 2020, we took a number of actions to promote social and physical distancing. We have been able to mitigate some of the impact due to the benefits from our strategic investments and by working cross-functionally and partnering with our suppliers to make real-time adjustments to our product assortments, introducing alternative products, or reducing assortments to the most popular selections in certain product categories. Given these ongoing demands and the complexity of the current environment, we have focused on taking care of our associates by investing in additional pay and benefits, including expanded paid time off for all hourly associates to use at their discretion and the implementation of a temporary weekly bonus program. We believe our existing liquidity will be sufficient to continue to run our business effectively. We also believe that the investments we have made in recent years in our stores, interconnected and digital assets, associates, supply chain, and merchandising organization have allowed us to quickly adapt to shifts in customer needs and behaviors and the fluid circumstances created by the pandemic. We continue to actively monitor our business and operations and may take further actions as may be required by federal, state, or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our associates, customers, suppliers, vendors, and shareholders. In March 2020, we expanded our commercial paper programs from $3.0 billion to $6.0 billion to further enhance our liquidity position in response to the pandemic. We chose to defer some of our in-store strategic investments to prioritize the safety of our associates and customers in response to COVID-19. We expect to complete these investments in fiscal 2021. Our operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from our customers, offset by cash payments we make for products and services, associate compensation, operations, and occupancy costs. Cash provided by or used in operating activities is also subject to changes in working capital. Working capital was impacted by timing of vendor payments, along with higher merchandise inventories to continue to support increasing demand and replenish in-stock levels. We believe that our current cash position, access to the long-term debt capital markets, cash flow generated from operations, and funds available from our commercial paper programs should be sufficient not only for our operating requirements but also to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs, fund dividend payments, fund any share repurchases, and make any required long-term debt payments through the next several fiscal years. We may adjust our capital expenditures to support the operations of the business or in response to the economic environment, as necessary or appropriate.