The unfavorable volume in 2020 was driven by lower sales across businesses due to the impact of the global recession attributable to COVID-19 and volatility in the oil and gas industry, partially offset by strength in respiratory PPE products, warehouse automation projects, and defense and space. The company has developed plans to mitigate the potential impact of these costs and challenges, focusing on managing and mitigating the impacts of COVID-19 on business operations. The global pandemic has created significant increased demand for respiratory PPE and additional demand for online shopping services, bolstering demand for warehouse automation services. The company has taken and may be required to redeploy significant cost actions, including reducing discretionary expenses, hiring freezes, and reducing work schedules across the enterprise. The management of the impact of COVID-19 will continue to require significant investment of time and resources across the global enterprise. The company is subject to unique industry and economic conditions that may adversely affect the markets and operating conditions of customers, impacting demand for products and services. The aerospace business is impacted by customer buying patterns of aftermarket parts, supplier stability, factory transitions, and global supply chain capacity constraints that may lead to shortages of crucial components. The company has taken proactive measures to enhance spending-limit controls and increase supplier-based productivity. The focus on managing and mitigating the impacts of COVID-19 may cause a diversion or delay in the application of resources toward new initiatives or investments, potentially impacting future results of operations. The company regularly reviews its portfolio of businesses and pursues growth through acquisitions while seeking to divest non-core businesses. The ability to develop new technologies and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance in increasingly competitive markets is crucial for future growth. The company is also subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign government requirements relating to the protection of the environment, and it believes that its policies and procedures are designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage. However, the company continues to incur remedial response and voluntary cleanup costs for site contamination and is a party to lawsuits and claims associated with environmental and safety matters. The company records appropriate liabilities for environmental matters when remedial efforts or damage claim payments are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. The company has established its initial liability for asbestos claims and continues to update its estimate based on claims data. The company maintains effective internal control over financial reporting and has not experienced any material impact during the COVID-19 pandemic. The management has assessed the effectiveness of internal controls and determined that honeywell maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020. The company is continually monitoring and assessing the need to modify or enhance its disclosure controls to ensure continued effectiveness. The company has experienced average resolution values per claim and continues to update the resolution values used to estimate the cost of asbestos claims. The company believes it has fully complied with its obligations under the indemnification agreements and that both agreements are valid and enforceable. The ultimate outcome of the bankruptcy process related to Garrett is uncertain, and the company intends to vigorously defend its rights to collect amounts due under the agreements.