The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has created economic and financial disruptions globally and has led governmental authorities to take unprecedented measures to mitigate the spread of the disease, including travel bans, border closings, business closures, quarantines, and shelter-in-place orders. From an operational perspective, our businesses, including our exchanges, clearing houses, listing venues, data services businesses, and mortgage platforms, have remained open, and we do not have any plans to close any of our business operations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. However, due to the pandemic, we have taken preventative measures and implemented contingency plans, and currently, most of our employees are working remotely. We closed all of our office facilities between early March and late April 2020, with only our operationally essential employees working on-site for business continuity purposes. As various governments began easing orders requiring office closures in late April, we began a phased re-opening of certain of our office facilities. These measures are in compliance, as necessary, with local government directives and social distancing directives. We continue to monitor local government mandates in determining our office re-openings, re-closures, and work-related travel. Global health concerns relating to COVID-19 and preventive measures taken to reduce its spread have created significant volatility in financial markets, which has resulted in higher trading volumes for some of our products and increased demand for our services. The extent of the impact of the pandemic on our business will depend largely on future developments, including the duration, spread, and severity of the outbreak, the distribution, public acceptance, and widespread use and effectiveness of vaccines against COVID-19, and the actions taken to contain the spread of the disease or mitigate its impact. We continue to monitor this dynamic situation, including guidance and regulations issued by U.S. and other governmental authorities. In light of the continually evolving nature of the COVID-19 outbreak, we are not able at this time to estimate the ultimate effect of the pandemic on our business, results of operations, or financial condition in the future. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or transaction activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 34% in 2014 to 48% in 2020. This non-transaction revenue includes data services, listings, and various mortgage technology solutions. Many of the data products we sell and services we provide are required for our clients' business operations regardless of market volatility or shifts in business profitability levels. We anticipate that there will continue to be growth in the financial information services sector driven by a number of global trends, including increasing global regulatory demands, greater emphasis on risk management, and ongoing growth in the size and diversity of financial markets. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams and prudently manage expenses to mitigate these uncertainties and build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, markets, and technology solutions.