We are at the forefront of developing new technologies and products as building blocks for an increasingly smart and connected world. Our end-to-end product portfolio offers innovative solutions that scale from edge computing to the network, the cloud, and the emerging fields of AI and autonomous driving. Our customers' success is our obsession. We are committed to delivering a portfolio of the best quality products, performance, and experiences to enable our customers to solve the world's most challenging problems. We have significant opportunities in cloud, networking, AI, and data analytics. Our broadened portfolio enables new opportunities for us and creates value for our customers. For example, our product offerings for AI workloads reach from the cloud to the edge, and we are developing CPU, GPU, FPGA, and AI accelerator products to span inference and training AI workloads, while also pursuing ongoing software optimizations for AI. We are operating in an increasingly competitive market. Our 2020 gross margin was impacted by higher platform unit costs associated with ramping our 10nm products. We expect 10nm costs to improve as the node matures. The accelerated shift to cloud makes our investments in differentiated performance and features for cloud applications even more critical. Excellence in engineering and manufacturing, as well as accelerating our competitive response, is of utmost importance. We are transforming manufacturing today and expanding on what is possible for tomorrow's autonomous operations. We are driving the realization of industry 4.0 and, together with our partners, addressing industry challenges like the convergence of information technology and operational technology and bringing AI and analytics to operations. We are using digital and physical technologies to drive flexible, responsive, and interconnected industrial infrastructure to make informed decisions that lower maintenance costs, create new service opportunities, and increase productivity. The acceleration of data creation across industries requires high-performance compute at the edge built with AI and edge-native functionality. The value unlocked through distributed intelligence is helping companies accelerate their digital transformation to meet customer needs. We are committed to delivering a predictable cadence of leadership products to deliver the experiences people need in this new era of distributed intelligence. We are focused on executing a predictable cadence of leadership products to deliver the experiences people need in this new era of distributed intelligence. Our strategy is to continue to serve this market to unlock business opportunities for our partners and customers. We continue to update solutions to accelerate market adoption of edge and AI applications. The internet of things market is fragmented and complex, requiring interoperability, standard-based approaches, software, developer tools, and the ecosystem working together to accelerate time to value with commercial solutions at scale. Our strategy is to continue to serve this market to unlock business opportunities for our partners and customers. We are also subject to risks associated with the development and implementation of new manufacturing technologies. We are continually engaged in the development of next-generation process technologies at increasingly advanced nodes as we seek to realize the benefits of Moore's law. Our operations have high costs that are fixed or difficult to reduce in the short term, including our costs related to utilization of existing facilities, facility construction and equipment, R&D, and the employment and training of a highly skilled workforce. We are subject to risks associated with the development and implementation of new manufacturing technologies. The pandemic has caused us to modify our business practices, including with respect to employee travel; employee work locations; cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events, and conferences; and social distancing measures. We maintain business recovery plans to mitigate the impact to our control environment, operating procedures, data, and internal controls.