This MD&A is intended to provide investors with an understanding of our recent performance, financial condition, and prospects. We believe that we will emerge from these events well positioned for long-term growth, though we cannot reasonably estimate the duration and severity of this global pandemic or its ultimate impact on the global economy and our business and results. We have experienced increased volatility in demand for some of our products as consumers adapt to the evolving environment. During 2020, we experienced temporary closures of certain facilities, though we did not experience a material impact from a plant closure and our facilities were largely exempt or partially exempt from government closure orders. Our strong legacy of financial discipline supports our growth strategy by driving ongoing supply chain productivity through our focused program, completing the execution of the 2018 global restructuring program, controlling discretionary spending, driving down working capital, and maintaining the top-tier return on invested capital. We continue to focus on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders. Our growth strategy is built on two pillars: elevate our core business and accelerate growth in developing and emerging markets. Both strategies are enabled by our focus on accelerating and investing in our commercial capabilities through digital marketing, revenue growth management, consumer-inspired innovation, and strong in-market execution. We are subject to risks and uncertainties, which can affect our business operations and financial results. We have initiated a restructuring program to reduce our structural cost base by streamlining and simplifying our manufacturing supply chain and overhead organization. The 2018 global restructuring program is expected to yield annual pre-tax savings by the end of 2021. We have been actively addressing the COVID-19 situation and its impact globally, which has led to increased employee absences. We have experienced increased volatility in foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices, as certain countries experienced increased macro-economic volatility from the COVID-19 situation. We believe that our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, payments for our 2018 global restructuring program, capital spending, pension contributions, dividends, and other needs for the foreseeable future. We do not expect restrictions or taxes on repatriation of cash held outside of the U.S. to have a material effect on our overall business, liquidity, financial condition, or results of operations for the foreseeable future. We maintain a revolving credit facility to support our commercial paper program, which would provide liquidity in the event our access to the commercial paper markets is unavailable. Our capital allocation strategy is consistent with our historical approach of disciplined capital spending, payment of a top-tier dividend, evaluation of acquisition opportunities, and allocation of excess cash flow to share repurchases. We believe these measures provide our investors with additional information about our underlying results and trends, as well as insight into some of the financial measures used to evaluate management.