In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have been focused on maintaining a reliable supply of our medicines; reducing the strain on the medical system; developing treatments for COVID-19; protecting the health, safety, and well-being of our employees; supporting our communities; and ensuring affordability of and access to our medicines, particularly insulin. We remain committed to discovering and developing new treatments for the patients we serve. Our ability to continue to operate without significant negative impacts will in part depend on our ability to protect our employees and our supply chain. We have taken steps to protect our employees worldwide, with particular measures in place for those working in our manufacturing sites and distribution facilities. Although the COVID-19 pandemic has affected our operations and demand for our products, it has not negatively impacted our liquidity position. We expect to continue to generate cash flows to meet our short-term liquidity needs and to have access to liquidity via the short-term and long-term debt markets. The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to impact our business operations, financial results, and liquidity will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain. Should the COVID-19 pandemic and any associated recession continue for a prolonged period, our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and cash flows could be materially impacted by lower revenues and profitability. We have experienced negative impacts to our underlying business due to the COVID-19 pandemic, including decreases in new prescriptions as a result of fewer patient visits to physician's offices to begin or change treatment. We may experience additional pricing pressures resulting from the financial strain of the COVID-19 pandemic on government-funded healthcare systems around the world. We paused new clinical trial starts and enrollment in new trials at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic to reduce the strain on the medical system, and we have resumed this activity in our clinical trials. However, significant delays or unexpected issues affecting the timing, conduct, or regulatory review of our clinical trials could adversely affect our ability to commercialize some assets in our product pipeline if the COVID-19 pandemic continues for a protracted period. Our ability to adapt to the challenges posed by the pandemic reflects our organizational resilience, as we navigate operational flexibility and resource allocation to maintain functioning under these adverse conditions. We continuously evaluate our liquidity and capital resources to ensure we can adequately and efficiently finance our capital requirements. The uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic could have an adverse impact on our manufacturing operations, global supply chain, and distribution systems, which could impact our ability to produce and distribute our products and the ability of third parties on which we rely to fulfill their obligations to us. We face unique risks and uncertainties in our development, manufacture, and uptake of potential treatments for COVID-19, including vulnerability to supply chain disruptions and higher manufacturing costs. Our strategic initiatives, including inter-organizational collaboration and proactive measures, are essential in confronting the challenges posed by external pressures and ensuring organizational health and continuity. The multifaceted nature of our response strategies demonstrates our commitment to resilience and adaptability in the face of environmental perturbations and unexpected situations.