During fiscal year 2020, we experienced COVID-19-related production and supply chain disruptions, which impacted the timing of revenue recognition and negatively impacted our gross margin. While we are currently seeing improvements in both our own operations and those of our suppliers, risks and uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic remain, which may negatively impact our revenue and gross margin. We believe we are in a strong position with our leadership and competency in deposition, etch, and clean to facilitate some of the most significant innovations in semiconductor device manufacturing. Several factors create opportunity for sustainable differentiation for us: our focus on research and development, with several ongoing programs relating to sustaining engineering, product and process development, and concept and feasibility; our ability to effectively leverage cycles of learning from our broad installed base; our collaborative focus with ecosystem partners; and our focus on delivering our multi-product solutions with a goal to enhance the value of Lam's solutions to our customers. Given that the semiconductor industry is highly competitive and has historically experienced rapid changes in demand, we believe that maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves is important to support sustaining levels of investment in R&D and capital infrastructure. Anticipated cash flows from operations based on our current business outlook, combined with our current levels of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments as of June 28, 2020, are expected to be sufficient to support our anticipated levels of operations, investments, debt service requirements, capital expenditures, capital redistributions, and dividends through at least the next twelve months. However, uncertainty in the global economy and the semiconductor industry, as well as disruptions in credit markets, have in the past, and could in the future, impact customer demand for our products, as well as our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. In the longer term, liquidity will depend to a great extent on our future revenues and our ability to appropriately manage our costs based on demand for our products and services. We believe that, if necessary, we will be able to access the capital markets on terms and in amounts adequate to meet our objectives. We have built a strong global presence with core competencies in areas like nanoscale applications enablement, chemistry, plasma and fluidics, advanced systems engineering, and a broad range of operational disciplines. Our customer support business group focuses attention on delivery solutions that meet our customers' technical requirements as well as productivity needs during the equipment lifecycle. Our products and services are designed to help our customers build smaller, faster, and better performing devices that are used in a variety of electronic products. We aim to increase our strategic relevance with our customers by contributing more to their continued success. The overall Asia region continued to account for a majority of our revenues as a substantial amount of the worldwide capacity investments for semiconductor manufacturing continued to occur in this region. The deferred revenue balance was driven primarily by additional deferrals towards the future servicing of our existing installed base and COVID-19-related production disruptions. We have a broad portfolio of products that provide complementary processing steps used throughout semiconductor manufacturing, which reflects our adaptability and operational flexibility in responding to market demands and challenges.