The coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic has spread rapidly across the globe and has had significant negative effects on the global economy. This outbreak has affected business activity, adversely impacting consumers, our customers, suppliers and business partners, as well as our workforce. We continue to monitor the effects of the pandemic and actions taken by governments as they relate to travel restrictions, social distancing measures and restrictions on business operations, as well as the continued impact of these actions on consumers and businesses. The full extent to which the pandemic, and measures taken in response, affect our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, including the duration of the pandemic and its impact on the global economy, which are uncertain, and cannot be predicted at this time. The impact of this outbreak started in the first quarter of 2020 as we experienced declines in our key metrics compared to historical periods, primarily due to travel restrictions and stay-at-home orders implemented by governments in many regions and countries across the globe. Our key metrics continued to be impacted throughout 2020 as follows: gross dollar volumes were flat in 2020 as compared to 2019, recovering gradually in the second half of the year from a decline during the second quarter in part due to the global relaxation of both restrictions on business operations and social distancing measures. Cross-border volumes were negatively impacted by the pandemic during 2020 due to a significant decrease in global travel as a result of compliance with travel restrictions and quarantine requirements. While cross-border volumes are still lower compared to prior year periods, these volumes have improved throughout the second half of 2020. Switched transactions were negatively impacted by the pandemic primarily in the second quarter. Subsequently, switched transactions improved during the third quarter in part due to the global relaxation of both restrictions on business operations and social distancing measures. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment securities balances, our cash flow generating capabilities, and our access to capital resources are sufficient to satisfy our future operating cash needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments and other liquidity requirements associated with our existing operations and potential obligations. Our liquidity and access to capital could be negatively impacted by global credit market conditions. We guarantee the settlement of many of the transactions between our customers. Historically, payments under these guarantees have not been significant; however, historical trends may not be an indication of potential future losses. The risk of loss on these guarantees is specific to individual customers, but may also be driven by regional or global economic conditions, including, but not limited to the health of the financial institutions in a country or region. In March 2020, we issued $1 billion principal amount of notes due March 2027, $1.5 billion principal amount of notes due March 2030 and $1.5 billion principal amount notes due March 2050. Our total debt outstanding was $12.7 billion at December 31, 2020, with the earliest maturity of $650 million of principal occurring in November 2021. We have a commercial paper program under which we are authorized to issue up to $6 billion in outstanding notes, with maturities up to 397 days from the date of issuance. In conjunction with the commercial paper program, we have a committed unsecured $6 billion revolving credit facility which, in 2020, was extended for an additional year and now expires in November 2025. The timing and actual number of additional shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including cash requirements to meet the operating needs of the business, legal requirements, as well as the share price and economic and market conditions.