We continue to take substantial measures to mitigate the negative financial and operational impacts for our hotel owners and our own business. Business contingency plans have been implemented around the world, and we continue to adjust these in response to the global situation. Our actions to date have substantially reduced the monthly run rate of corporate general and administrative costs compared to the monthly costs initially budgeted for 2020. We have taken a number of steps to reorganize the company in response to the decline in lodging demand caused by COVID-19. We implemented temporary furloughs and reduced work week schedules for both above-property and on-property associates. As part of the realignment of our organization, we implemented a voluntary transition program for certain associates, and we eliminated a significant number of positions. While we have substantially completed the programs related to our above-property organization, we are continuing to develop restructuring plans, which could result in additional on-property position eliminations, to achieve cost savings specific to each of our company-operated properties. We continue to work with owners and franchisees to lower their cash outlays. The steps we have taken to date include deferring renovations, certain hotel initiatives and brand standard audits for hotel owners and franchisees; reducing the amount of certain charges for systemwide programs and services; offering a delay in payment terms for certain charges; supporting owners and franchisees who are working with their lenders to utilize furniture, fixtures, and equipment reserves to meet working capital needs; and waiving required funding through 2021. The impact of COVID-19 on the company remains fluid, as does our corporate and property-level response, and we expect to continue to assess and may implement additional measures to adapt our operations and plans as we continue to evaluate the implications of COVID-19 on our business. We have taken numerous actions to preserve our financial flexibility and manage our debt maturities, which include substantially reducing our corporate general and administrative costs and implementing restructuring plans. We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the effect that changes in capital market conditions may have on our ability to fund our liquidity needs. We currently believe the credit facility, our cash on hand, and our access to capital markets remain adequate to meet our liquidity requirements. The overall operational and financial impact is highly dependent on the breadth and duration of COVID-19, including the availability and distribution of effective vaccines or treatments, and could be affected by other factors we are not currently able to predict. We expect to incur significant expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods, primarily related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations, increased expenses for information technology and information security, and increased expenses for compliance activities. We believe revenue per available room is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. We continue to evaluate the availability of credits and benefits under the CARES Act and other legislation. We expect to continue to assess and may implement additional measures to adapt our operations and plans as we continue to evaluate the implications of COVID-19 on our business.