We are a global leader in healthcare supply chain management solutions, retail pharmacy, community oncology and specialty care, and healthcare information solutions. We partner with life sciences companies, manufacturers, providers, pharmacies, governments, and other healthcare organizations to help provide the right medicines, medical products, and healthcare services to the right patients at the right time, safely, and cost-effectively. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have implemented various measures to mitigate its impact on our business operations, including telecommuting and work-from-home policies, restricted travel, employee support programs, and enhanced safety measures. These responses were intended to limit employee exposure to the virus and ensure operational continuity. We expanded employee medical benefits covering COVID-19 related visits, treatments, and testing, as well as expanded telehealth options to protect employee safety. We provided further support including additional emergency leave and an internal paid time off donation platform for employees impacted by COVID-19. Our organizational structure includes corporate functions that evaluate the performance of our operating segments on various measures, including revenues and operating profit before interest expense and income taxes. We have a robust business continuity and disaster recovery program that has been proactively enhanced in response to the COVID-19 pandemic to protect the supply chain, minimize disruption in healthcare, and ensure the continuity of critical business processes. We have collaborated closely with the federal government and other healthcare stakeholders to source critical personal protective equipment and ensure that available supplies, including medicines, reach our customers and patients. The COVID-19 vaccine distribution agreement with the CDC was finalized during the third quarter of 2021, and we support the U.S. government as a centralized distributor of COVID-19 vaccines and ancillary supplies needed to administer vaccines. We have established dedicated vaccine distribution centers that include large-scale, custom freezers and refrigerators to safely store and process millions of vaccine doses, which can scale to meet increasing volumes. Our response to COVID-19 has included the assembly and distribution of ancillary supply kits needed to administer vaccines, which has contributed significantly to our segment revenues and operating profit. We have maintained appropriate labor and vendor supply levels during the year ended March 31, 2021, and our inventory levels have fluctuated in response to supply availability and customer demand patterns. We continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic's impacts on our supply chain and are proactively working with manufacturers, industry partners, and government agencies to meet our customers' needs. The situation remains fluid, and we are taking a proactive approach to protect inventory during this crisis and ensure our provider partners have needed supplies and medications. Our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and external pressures is critical to our organizational resilience, enabling us to maintain operational flexibility and respond effectively to environmental disruptions.