We have been actively monitoring the outbreak of COVID-19 and its impact globally. Our highest priorities continue to be the safety of our employees and working with our employees and network of suppliers and customers to help maintain the global food supply chain. We implemented enhanced protocols to provide a safe and sanitary working environment for our employees. In many locations, our employees are working remotely whenever possible. For employees who are unable to work remotely, we have adopted a number of heightened protocols, consistent with those prescribed by the World Health Organization, related to social distancing and enhanced hygiene and workplace sanitation. We have been hiring frontline employees in the U.S. and other locations to meet additional marketplace demand and promote uninterrupted functioning of our manufacturing, distribution, and sales network. Our main objectives during the pandemic are to maintain the availability of our products to meet the needs of our consumers. In response to increased demand, we have increased production and, to date, we have not experienced material disruptions in our supply chain or operations. We were able to leverage learnings from our timely response to the initial outbreak in China, and we put in place procedures across our supply chain to help mitigate the risk that our manufacturing sites will experience material closures or disruptions. We have continued to incur higher costs in response to the ongoing pandemic as we worked to protect our employees and deliver our products timely and safely to our customers. While we have not had material disruptions to date, we do not know whether or how our supply chain or operations may be negatively affected if the pandemic persists for an extended period or worsens. As we respond to this evolving situation, we intend to continue to execute on our strategic operating plans. However, disruptions, higher operating costs, or uncertainties could result in delays or modifications to our plans and initiatives. We believe the steps we have taken to enhance our capital structure and liquidity over the last several years have strengthened our ability to operate through current conditions. Our liquidity position is supported by cash from operations, revolving credit facilities, and long-term financing. We have been monitoring consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. We seek to drive category growth by leveraging our local and consumer-focused commercial approach, making investments in our brand and snacks portfolio, building strong routes to market in both emerging and developed markets, and improving our availability across multiple channels. We continue to monitor and respond to the COVID-19 outbreak. While its full impact is not yet known, it has had a material negative effect on economic conditions globally and could have a material negative effect on our business and results in the future, particularly if there are significant adverse changes to consumer demand or significant disruptions to the supply, production, or distribution of our products. We are working to mitigate any negative impacts to our business from the COVID-19 outbreak, but we may not be able to fully predict or respond to all impacts on a timely basis to prevent near- and long-term adverse impacts to our results. We continue to enhance resilience plans to aid in dealing with anticipated border delays and are working to address new regulatory requirements such as packaging changes. We are adapting our systems and processes for new and increased customs transactions. We continue to closely monitor and manage our inventory levels of imported raw materials, packaging, and finished goods.