We continue to closely monitor developments relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and assess its impact on our business. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact the global economy and financial markets and has caused volatility in the global equity, credit, and real estate markets. We have implemented risk management and business continuity plans and taken preventive measures and other precautions, such as employee business travel restrictions and remote work arrangements which, to date, have enabled us to maintain our critical business processes, customer service levels, relationships with key vendors, financial reporting systems, internal controls over financial reporting, and disclosure controls and procedures. Our capital stress testing and longstanding commitment to liquidity position us to withstand the current crisis. We have, and may continue to maintain, a higher than normal level of short-term liquidity, which may adversely affect net investment income if the reinvestment process occurs over an extended period of time. We do not expect any material liquidity deficiencies, and we expect to remain able to comply with the financial covenants of our credit agreements. We will continue reviewing accounting estimates, asset valuations, and various financial scenarios for capital and liquidity implications. We believe that our investment portfolio is highly diversified and well positioned to withstand economic downturns; however, we expect that the market-related effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the sustained low interest rate environment, will continue to have an impact across our investment portfolio. We are also monitoring the imposition of tariffs or other barriers to international trade, changes to international trade agreements, and their potential impacts on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The life insurance industry remains highly competitive, and we believe that the current low interest rate environment and increased volatility of the financial markets, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, will continue to strain the life insurance industry, as well as the broader financial services industry. We are well positioned to compete in this environment, as our ability to adapt to changes in the competitive environment as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic is a significant differentiator to success in the life insurance industry and the broader financial services industry. We have experienced, and will likely in the future experience, catastrophe losses and possibly acts of terrorism, as well as turbulent financial markets that may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We make broad use of catastrophic and non-catastrophic reinsurance to manage risk from these perils. Our investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, with over 80% of our portfolio invested in fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans. We manage our investment portfolio using disciplined asset-liability management principles, focusing on cash flow and duration to support our current and future liabilities. We are exposed to the risk of early contractholder and policyholder withdrawal, and we conduct cash flow and stress testing, which include various scenarios of the potential risk of early contractholder and policyholder withdrawal. We have various alternatives available depending on market conditions and the amount and timing of the liquidity need, including cash flows from operations, sales of liquid assets, global funding sources including commercial paper and various credit and committed facilities. We proactively manage target and excess capital levels and dividend flows and forecast local capital positions as part of the financial planning cycle.