3M continues to work to protect its employees and the public, maintain business continuity and sustain its operations, including ensuring the safety and protection of people who work in its plants and distribution centers across the world, many of whom support the manufacturing and delivery of products that are critical in response to the global pandemic. The company closely monitors how the spread of COVID-19 is affecting employees and business operations and has preparedness plans to help protect the safety of employees around the world while safely continuing business. 3M has taken steps to help employees lead safe and productive lives during the outbreak including remote working; escalated procedures in factories related to personal safety, cleaning and medical screening measures; and pandemic leave policies. The company has implemented plant and/or line shutdowns during 2020 related to certain markets due to weaker customer demand or government mandates. Serving 3M customers is a priority and teams continue to communicate with individual customers about potential disruptions. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on 3M's consolidated results of operations was primarily driven by factors related to changes in demand for products and disruption in global supply chains. 3M continues to evaluate the extent to which it may avail itself of various government-sponsored COVID-response stimulus, relief, and production initiatives around the world. The company has avoided disruption to its manufacturing operations through careful management of existing raw material inventories, strategic relationships with key suppliers, and development as well as qualification of additional supply sources. 3M manages spend category price risks through negotiated supply contracts and price protection agreements. The company is investing in an initiative called business transformation, which encompasses the ongoing multi-year phased implementation of an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system on a worldwide basis, as well as changes in processes and internal/external service delivery across 3M. 3M continues to monitor discretionary spending and deploy cost control efforts as the situation continues. The company has taken actions to ensure sources of cash may remain strong, including the issuance of registered notes, suspension of share repurchases, and the decrease of its 2020 capital spending. The company has also committed financial support to various COVID-relief and medical research initiatives. 3M's operating income margins increased year-on-year, primarily driven by lower significant litigation-related charges and higher gains on divestitures. The company recorded non-divestiture-related restructuring charges that impacted operating income to address certain COVID-related impacts and to enhance its operational and marketing capabilities. Additionally, 3M experienced strong sales growth in personal safety and other areas, while weakness in several end markets contributed to sales declines in a number of its businesses. The company continues to closely monitor and respond to potential impacts to its broader supply chain associated with other products. Overall, the COVID-19 pandemic has highlighted the importance of organizational resilience, as 3M has had to adapt its operations and strategies to maintain functionality and performance under challenging conditions.