The current COVID-19 pandemic has presented a substantial public health and economic challenge around the world and is affecting our employees, communities, and business operations, as well as the global economy and financial markets. The human and economic consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the measures taken or that may be taken in the future by governments and consequently businesses, have directly and indirectly impacted our business. We have been actively addressing the COVID-19 pandemic with a global task force team working to mitigate the potential impacts to our people and business. Health and safety of our employees and business partners has been our top priority, and we have implemented global travel restrictions and work-from-home policies for employees who are able to work remotely. For those employees who are unable to work remotely, safety precautions have been instituted, developed in line with guidance from public health authorities and professional consultants. We have taken steps to support our employees, including increasing employee communications on topics such as mental health and family welfare, creating wellness hotlines, and enhancing employee assistance programs. The teamwork exhibited by our employees, co-packers, and bottlers/distributors around the world has ensured the integrity of our supply chain. Despite the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we achieved record fourth quarter net sales. Our sales in the second quarter were initially adversely affected due to a decrease in foot traffic in the convenience and gas channel but improved sequentially from the latter half of the second quarter and throughout the third and fourth quarters. We have seen a shift in consumer channel preferences and package configurations, including an increase in at-home consumption. We are continually addressing the increase in our aluminum can requirements given our volume growth and the current supply constraints in the aluminum can industry. Overall, we are not experiencing significant raw material or finished product shortages, and our supply chain remains intact. Depending on the duration of any COVID-19 pandemic-related issues, we may experience material disruptions in our supply chain as the pandemic continues. Our growth strategy includes expanding our international business, which exposes us to risks inherent in conducting international operations, including the risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We recognize that obesity is a complex and serious public health problem, and our commitment to consumers begins with our broad product line and a wide selection of diet, light, and low-calorie beverages. We continuously strive to meet changing consumer needs through beverage innovation, choice, and variety. Our historical success is attributable, in part, to our introduction of different and innovative beverages which have been positively accepted by consumers. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our continued ability to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages that meet consumer preferences. In order to retain and expand our market share, we must continue to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages and be competitive in the areas of price, quality, method of distribution, brand image, and intellectual property protection. The beverage industry is subject to changing consumer preferences that may adversely affect us if we misjudge such preferences. We believe that the key value drivers of our business include international growth, profitable growth, cost management, and an efficient capital structure.