The COVID-19 pandemic has led to adverse impacts on the U.S. and global economies and continues to create economic uncertainty. Altria continues to monitor the macroeconomic risks of the COVID-19 pandemic and carefully evaluate potential outcomes and work to mitigate risks. Specifically, Altria remains focused on any potential impact to its liquidity, operations, supply and distribution chains, and economic conditions. As a precautionary measure, Altria borrowed the full $3.0 billion available under its senior unsecured 5-year revolving credit agreement, which it subsequently repaid in full. Altria issued $2.0 billion of long-term debt in the form of senior unsecured notes. Altria has implemented remote working for many employees and aligned with the social distancing protocols recommended by public health authorities. Altria believes its tobacco businesses have not experienced any material adverse effects associated with governmental actions to restrict consumer movement or business operations but continues to monitor these factors. Altria continues to believe that remote working due to the COVID-19 pandemic has had minimal impact on productivity. Altria's critical information technology systems have remained operational. Although Altria's tobacco businesses previously suspended operations temporarily at several of their manufacturing facilities, the businesses resumed operations at those facilities under enhanced safety protocols and all manufacturing facilities are currently operational under enhanced safety protocols. Altria continues to monitor the risks associated with facility disruptions and workforce availability as a result of uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Altria has not experienced any material disruptions to its supply chains or distribution systems but is continuing to monitor these factors. The majority of retail stores in which Altria's tobacco products are sold have been deemed to be essential businesses and have remained open. Altria continues to monitor the risk that one or more suppliers, distributors, or any other entities within its supply and distribution chain closes temporarily or permanently. Altria incurred net pre-tax charges related to disruptions caused by or efforts to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which included premium pay, personal protective equipment, and health screenings. Altria continues to monitor the macroeconomic risks of the COVID-19 pandemic and their effect on adult tobacco consumers, including stay-at-home practices and disposable income. Altria has experienced adverse impacts to its alcohol assets, particularly in the wine business, which has been negatively impacted by disruptions arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. Altria and Ste. Michelle undertook a review of the wine business resulting in a strategic reset. Altria considered the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the business of Juul and Cronos, including their sales, distribution, operations, supply chain, and liquidity. Altria will continue to monitor its investment in these businesses, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on their market valuation. The extreme market disruption and volatility associated with the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in a steep decline in ABI's stock price, which Altria will continue to monitor. Altria's response to the COVID-19 pandemic reflects its organizational resilience, focusing on maintaining operational continuity and adapting to the challenges posed by external pressures.