The outbreak of COVID-19 and its development into a pandemic in March 2020 have resulted in significant economic disruption globally, which has required us to actively respond to the impacts on our business. Our response has focused on establishing three strategic short-term priorities: strengthening the competitive position of assets, improving commercial performance, and lowering our cost structure. We are committed to positioning our assets to be leaders in operational, financial, and sustainability performance, evaluating the strength and fit of assets in our portfolio, and focusing on high-returning projects that enhance competitiveness, including investments in sustainable fuels and technologies. In response to the pandemic, we committed to immediately reducing our capital spending and operating expenses, achieving significant reductions in both areas. We announced strategic actions to lay a foundation for long-term success, including plans to optimize our assets and structurally lower costs. These actions included indefinitely idling the Gallup refinery and initiating actions to strategically reposition the Martinez refinery to a renewable diesel facility. We recorded restructuring expenses related to these strategic actions. Throughout the year, we took action to address our liquidity, including suspending share repurchases and entering into credit agreements to provide incremental liquidity and financial flexibility during the downturn. We believe we have proactively addressed many of the known impacts of COVID-19, but uncertainties remain regarding the pandemic's economic effects. Our Dickinson renewable fuels facility began ramping operations at the end of 2020 and is on track to reach full production, which is expected to enhance our operational capabilities. We are also progressing activities associated with the conversion of the Martinez refinery to a renewable diesel facility, which is expected to increase our production capacity significantly. The adverse impact of the economic effects on our operations has been significant, with net income attributable to our company decreasing substantially due to impairment charges and restructuring expenses. The need to test for impairment can be based on several indicators, including significant reductions in prices or demand for products produced, which reflects our adaptability to changing market conditions. Our strategic initiatives are designed to enhance our operational flexibility and resilience in the face of external pressures and environmental perturbations. We are committed to maintaining operational continuity and performance under pressure, which is essential for our organizational resilience. The measures we have implemented aim to ensure our ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite adversity, thereby contributing to our long-term success and sustainability in a turbulent market.