The firm has established procedures based on legal and regulatory requirements on a worldwide basis that are designed to facilitate compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and to require that its policies relating to business conduct, ethics, and practices are followed globally. The heightened legal and regulatory focus on the financial services and banking industries globally presents a continuing business challenge. The firm's trading and financing activities result in carrying material financial instruments having limited price transparency, which involves complex valuation models and subjective inputs. The firm has established procedures to mitigate the risk that a counterparty's performance obligations will be unenforceable, including consideration of counterparty legal authority and capacity, adequacy of legal documentation, and the permissibility of a transaction under applicable law. The firm actively manages its secured financings in a manner that reduces the potential refinancing risk of secured financings of less liquid assets and considers the quality of collateral when negotiating collateral eligibility with counterparties. The firm monitors required margin levels and established credit terms daily and requires customers to deposit additional collateral or reduce positions when necessary. The firm believes that the estimates utilized in the preparation of its financial statements are prudent and reasonable, although actual results could differ materially from these estimates. The firm has developed a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events, reconstitute the trajectories in immediate response to the event, and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future. The firm has established procedures to manage the market risk associated with its market-making activities on a firmwide basis, on a worldwide trading division level, and on an individual product basis. The firm emphasizes the importance of operational flexibility and adaptability in response to environmental perturbations and unexpected situations, which are critical for maintaining organizational health and performance. The firm’s risk management practices include the assessment of risks related to operational resources and the deployment of resources to adapt to changing conditions. The firm’s organizational practices involve collaboration networks and inter-organizational collaboration to enhance resilience strategies and mechanisms. The firm has implemented strategic initiatives to ensure performance maintenance under pressure and to address potential crises effectively. The firm’s approach to crisis management emphasizes preparedness and the ability to foresee and confront challenges, thereby enhancing its organizational resilience. The firm’s operational continuity plans are designed to support functioning during extreme conditions and to facilitate recovery from disruptive events. The firm recognizes the significance of emotional resources and social capital in fostering an environment conducive to resilience and adaptability. The firm’s strategic response to external pressures and competitive landscapes involves resource reconfiguration and the development of dynamic capabilities to ensure long-term sustainability and success. The firm’s commitment to organizational learning and knowledge management is integral to its resilience framework, enabling it to absorb knowledge and adapt to complex situations effectively.