During the first half of 2020, the COVID-19 outbreak escalated to a global pandemic, which has had varying impacts in the jurisdictions in which we operate. In response, the company temporarily placed five sites into care and maintenance, including Musselwhite, Éléonore, Yanacocha, and Cerro Negro in March 2020 and Peñasquito in April 2020. During the second quarter of 2020, we worked closely with local stakeholders to resume operations at all five mine sites. As of December 31, 2020, all sites were fully operational, with the exception of Cerro Negro that continues to progress its ramp up. We adopted a risk-based approach to business travel, provided flexible and remote working plans for employees, and maintained effective testing, contact tracing procedures, and social distancing protocols. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we incurred incremental direct costs related to our response to the COVID-19 pandemic, included in other expense, net, as a result of these and other actions taken to protect our employees and operations, and to support the local communities in which we operate. We have been closely monitoring the COVID-19 pandemic and its impacts and potential impacts on our business. However, because of the changing developments with respect to the spread of COVID-19 and the unprecedented nature of the pandemic, we are unable to predict the extent and duration of any potential adverse financial impact of COVID-19 on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Future developments could impact our assessment and result in material impairments to our long-lived assets or goodwill. We believe our available liquidity allows us to manage the near-term impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. Depending on the duration and extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, additional sites could be placed into care and maintenance; transportation industry disruptions could occur, including limitations on shipping produced metals; refineries or smelters could be temporarily closed; our supply chain could be disrupted; or we could incur credit-related losses of certain financial assets, which could materially impact the company's results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. The company has developed a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events, reconstitute the trajectories in immediate response to the event, and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future. We recognize that resilience is a multifaceted concept that reflects businesses’ ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change to survive, grow, and flourish. The company has adopted the World Gold Council's conflict-free gold policy and has been included in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index-World since 2007. We are primarily engaged in the exploration for and acquisition of gold properties, some of which may contain copper, silver, lead, zinc, or other metals. Our goal is to create value and improve lives through sustainable and responsible mining. We have significant operations and/or assets in various countries, and our strategic initiatives include maintaining operational flexibility and adapting to environmental perturbations to ensure organizational health and effectiveness.