The full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operations, and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict. Our workforce has had and continues in most instances to spend a significant amount of time working from home, and many of our productions continue to experience disruption, as are the productions of our third-party content suppliers. Our ability to produce content remains affected by the pandemic. We anticipate that these actions and the global health crisis caused by COVID-19, including any resurgences, will continue to negatively impact business activity across the globe. We will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by federal, state, local, or foreign authorities, or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, and stockholders. While we and our partners have resumed productions and related operations in many parts of the world, the timing of certain production payments has been and will continue to be delayed until productions can resume and may be shifted to future years. Our cash provided by operating activities improved in 2020, and we anticipate that our future capital needs from the debt market will be more limited compared to prior years. Our ability to obtain financing will depend on our development efforts, business plans, operating performance, and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We may not be able to obtain such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. The increase in operating margin is due primarily to increased revenues and decreased marketing costs, coupled with cost of revenues, technology and development, and general and administrative costs growing at a slower rate as compared to the 24% increase in revenues. The increase in our consolidated revenues was due to the 24% growth in average paying memberships and a 1% increase in average monthly revenue per paying membership. The increase in paid net membership additions was a result of the long-term trend toward streaming on-demand entertainment and due to the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting social restrictions and local government mandates of home confinement in certain jurisdictions. We expect to continue to significantly increase our investments in global content, particularly in original content, which will impact our liquidity. We believe free cash flow is an important liquidity metric because it measures the amount of cash generated that is available to repay debt obligations, make strategic acquisitions and investments, and for certain other activities like share repurchases. The payments for content assets decreased as compared to the increase in the amortization of content assets. Our estimates related to these factors require considerable management judgment. We expect that cash flows from operations, available funds, and access to financing sources will continue to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for at least the next twelve months. The contractual obligations table summarizes our contractual obligations, which include amounts related to the acquisition, licensing, and production of content. Our business model is subscription-based, and we recognize content assets as "content assets, net" on the consolidated balance sheets. We monitor our business strategies, weighing positive and negative evidence in assessing the realization of our deferred tax assets. The assumptions utilized in determining future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses.