The company's leadership, crisis management and business resumption teams continue closely to monitor and address developments related to COVID-19, including the impact on the company, employees, customers, suppliers, and communities. The company has taken robust actions to help protect the health, safety, and well-being of employees, support suppliers and local communities, and continue serving customers. Actions have varied depending on the spread of COVID-19 and local health requirements, including enabling employees to work remotely, adjusting workspaces and shift schedules to facilitate social distancing, enhancing cleaning procedures, procuring personal protective equipment, implementing health checks, and restricting travel. The company has contributed financial and manufacturing resources to support critical national requirements and provided grants to organizations supporting frontline healthcare workers and vulnerable populations. Throughout the pandemic, the company has worked to adapt and take actions to protect employees and serve customers, considering local circumstances and guidance from health organizations. The company has experienced increased costs to maintain operations due to actions taken for employee safety, illness, quarantines, and absenteeism, while also facing lower costs related to travel and some health benefits. The overall revenue and operating income were not significantly impacted by COVID-19, but the company acknowledges the tremendous challenges faced by employees, suppliers, customers, and the global community. The company has taken various steps to support suppliers, particularly small and midsized business partners, including passing through increased progress payments from the Department of Defense. The company believes that its capabilities, particularly in space and defense systems, will help customers meet threats and allow for long-term profitable growth. The company has reorganized its sectors to better align its broad portfolio to serve customer needs and has assessed performance based on contracts and programs. The company recognizes sales from its portfolio of long-term contracts as control is transferred to the customer, primarily over time on a cost-to-cost basis. The assessment of operating performance focuses on changes in sales and operating income, with significant fluctuations described in terms of performance and contract mix. The company has established a trajectory model of organizational resilience that emphasizes how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events, reconstitute trajectories in immediate response to events, and reconfigure trajectories toward the future. The company’s ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations reflects its organizational resilience. The company’s strategic initiatives and operational flexibility are designed to maintain performance under pressure and adapt to complex situations, ensuring organizational health and effectiveness amid external pressures and uncertainties.