The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant global economic uncertainty, adversely impacting the business of our customers, partners, and vendors, and consequently affecting our business and results of operations. We are continuing to monitor the actual and potential effects of the COVID-19 pandemic across our business. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we focused on maintaining business continuity, helping our employees, customers, and communities, and preparing for the future and the long-term success of our business. We released four emergency response applications to help customers navigate the COVID-19 pandemic management and the safe workplace applications, designed to help companies manage the essential steps for returning employees to the workplace and to support their health and safety. Additionally, we temporarily closed most of our offices and encouraged our employees to work remotely. These changes remain in effect and could extend into future quarters. The impact of these operational changes is uncertain, but they have not affected and are not expected to affect our ability to maintain operations, including financial reporting systems, internal control over financial reporting, and disclosure controls and procedures. We believe that our ability to adapt to the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic demonstrates our organizational resilience. Our subscription-based business model allows for relatively predictable revenues, but the effects of the pandemic, along with historical seasonality, may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. As uncertainty continues, we may experience increased customer demand curtailment, reduced customer spending, or contract duration, delayed collections, and lengthened sales cycles, which could materially adversely affect our business and overall financial performance. The extent and continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance will depend on developments including the duration and spread of the outbreak, government responses, and the impact on our customers and sales cycles. We have historically seen higher collections in the first quarter due to seasonality in customer contracts, which may be significantly affected by the pandemic. Our expectations for revenues, cost of revenues, and operating expenses for the upcoming year are based on current foreign exchange rates and the ongoing impact of the pandemic. We continue to invest in the development of our services, infrastructure, and sales and marketing to drive long-term growth, which reflects our commitment to organizational effectiveness and resilience. The measures we have implemented to respond to the pandemic and maintain operational continuity illustrate our strategic resilience and adaptability in the face of external pressures. We expect our professional services and other revenues to increase in absolute dollars as we deploy our internal professional services organization as a strategic resource. Our focus on digital transformation projects across functions to improve processes further underscores our commitment to organizational learning and resilience. The ongoing regulatory restrictions due to the pandemic have necessitated changes in our operations, including the cancellation of in-person events and a shift to digital engagements, which reflects our ability to reconfigure our strategies in response to unexpected situations.