The COVID-19 pandemic could further impact us, our customers, our supply chain, and our operations. The pandemic has negatively impacted the economy and continues to generate significant economic uncertainty. The magnitude and duration of the pandemic, and its impact on our customers and general economic conditions will influence the demand for our services and affect our revenues. Additionally, COVID-19 could affect our operations and business continuity if a significant number of our essential employees, overall or in a key location, are quarantined from contraction of or exposure to the disease or if governmental orders prevent our operating employees or critical suppliers from working. To the extent COVID-19 adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the risk factors included herein. We continue to monitor the impact of the pandemic on our employees' availability and remain committed to protecting our employees and providing excellent transportation service products for our customers. Capacity constraints could negatively impact our service and operating efficiency. We could experience capacity constraints on our rail network related to increased demand for rail services, locomotive or employee shortages, severe weather, congestion on other railroads, including passenger activities, or impacts from changes to our network structure or composition. Such constraints could result in operational inefficiencies or adversely affect our operations. Significant increases in demand for rail services could result in the unavailability of qualified personnel and resources like locomotives. Changes in workforce demographics, training requirements, and availability of qualified personnel, particularly for engineers and conductors, could have a negative impact on our ability to meet short-term demand for rail service. Unpredicted increases in demand for rail services may exacerbate such risks and could negatively impact our operational efficiency. Our ability to provide rail service to customers in the U.S. and Canada depends in large part upon our ability to maintain collaborative relationships with connecting carriers with respect to, among other matters, freight rates, revenue division, car supply and locomotive availability, data exchange and communications, reciprocal switching, interchange, and trackage rights. Deterioration in the operations of or service provided by connecting carriers, or in our relationship with those connecting carriers, could result in our inability to meet our customers' demands or require us to use alternate train routes, which could result in significant additional costs and network inefficiencies. We may be affected by general economic conditions. Prolonged negative changes in domestic and global economic conditions, including reduced import and export volumes, could affect the producers and consumers of the commodities we carry. Economic conditions could also result in bankruptcies of one or more large customers. We rely on technology and technology improvements in our business operations. If we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could experience a service interruption, a security breach, or other operational difficulties. We also face cybersecurity threats which may result in breaches of systems, or compromises of sensitive data, which may also result in service interruptions, safety failures, or operational difficulties. Such a breach, or compromise, could decrease revenues, increase operating costs, including those to protect our infrastructure, impact our efficiency, or damage our corporate reputation. Our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations concerning emissions to the air; discharges to waterways or groundwater supplies; handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of waste and other materials; and, the cleanup of hazardous material or petroleum releases. The risk of incurring environmental liability, for acts and omissions, past, present, and future, is inherent in the railroad business.