While we are still experiencing global and regional economic disruption due primarily to COVID-19, our producers have reversed curtailments that were put in place during the second quarter 2020, bringing volumes back to pre-COVID-19 levels as prices significantly improved from second quarter 2020 lows. In this challenging market environment, we expect to maintain sufficient liquidity and financial stability into 2021 due to cash on hand from our June 2020 equity issuance, cash flows from operations, and access to our undrawn $2.5 billion credit agreement. We continue to monitor producers' drilling, completion, and production plans, which are increasingly positive as commodity prices have stabilized and improved. We operate an integrated, reliable, and diversified network of NGL and natural gas gathering, processing, fractionation, storage, and transportation assets connecting supply in the Rocky Mountain, Mid-Continent, and Permian regions with key market centers. These projects provide us the capacity to benefit from future supply growth without significant capital investment. We have paused certain capital-growth projects due to the decline in commodity prices and economic demand disruption caused by COVID-19, but these projects can be restarted quickly when producer activity warrants additional infrastructure. We believe we have sufficient liquidity due to our $2.5 billion credit agreement, cash on hand from our June 2020 equity issuance, and access to $1.0 billion available through our "at-the-market" equity program. Our credit ratings, which are investment grade, may be affected by a material change in our financial ratios or a material event affecting our business and industry. Although we are in the midst of a challenging market environment, our credit ratings have remained stable. We assess our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable, which reflects our commitment to maintaining operational integrity and performance under adverse conditions. The impact of COVID-19 has required us to evaluate our goodwill and certain long-lived asset groups for impairment, resulting in significant noncash impairment charges. We have implemented various measures to mitigate risks and enhance our operational flexibility, including maintaining a centralized cash management program that provides financial flexibility and lowers the cost of borrowing. Our growth strategy is focused on connecting diversified supply basins from the Rocky Mountain region through the Mid-Continent region and the Permian Basin with NGL product demand from the petrochemical and refining industries. We continue to look for ways to reduce our environmental impact and utilize more efficient technologies as part of our sustainability initiatives. The ability to adapt to changing market conditions and external pressures is critical for our organizational resilience, enabling us to confront challenges and maintain operational continuity. We believe that our strategic initiatives, including capital-growth projects and sustainability efforts, position us well to respond to future disruptions and enhance our competitive advantage in the energy sector.