We empower enterprises, service providers, and government entities to secure all users, applications, data, networks, and devices with comprehensive visibility and context continuously across all locations. Our growth reflects the increased adoption of our portfolio, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support. We believe our portfolio will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. We continue to invest in innovation and acquire businesses as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our portfolio, as we believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products is essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. We are actively monitoring, evaluating, and responding to developments relating to COVID-19, which has and is expected to result in continued significant global social and business disruption. We have made some changes to our business that include instituting a global work-from-home policy beginning in March 2020 that did not incur significant disruptions in our work operations during fiscal 2020. We will continue to actively monitor the situation and will make further changes to our business operations as may be required by federal, state, or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, end-customers, partners, suppliers, and stockholders. Our focus remains on the safety of our employees, striving to protect the health and well-being of the communities in which we operate, and providing technology to our employees, end-customers, and partners to help them do their best work while remote. We expect our subscription and support revenue to vary from quarter to quarter and increase over the long term as we introduce new subscriptions, renew existing subscription and support contracts, and expand our installed end-customer base. We expect our cost of subscription and support revenue to increase as our installed end-customer base grows and adoption of our cloud-based subscription offerings increases. Our operating activities have consisted of net losses adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. Cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2020 was $1.0 billion, a slight decrease of $19.9 million compared to fiscal 2019. The decrease was primarily due to higher cash expenditure during fiscal 2020. The extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our operational and financial performance will depend on developments, including the duration and spread of the virus, impact on our end-customers' spending, volume of sales and length of our sales cycles, impact on our partners, suppliers, and employees, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities, and other factors identified in the risk factors section. We believe that our cash flow from operations with existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced products and subscription and support offerings, and macroeconomic events such as COVID-19. We expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our future products and services, although our research and development expense may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue. We expect sales and marketing expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we increase the size of our sales and marketing organizations to increase touch points with end-customers and to expand our international presence.