In the current environment of increasing regulations, we believe the needs for HR outsourcing solutions have been moving down-market. Our strategy focuses on providing industry-leading, integrated technology; increasing client satisfaction; expanding our leadership in HR; growing our client base; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We continue to focus on driving growth in the number of clients, revenue per client, total revenue, and profits, while providing industry-leading service and technology solutions to our clients and their employees. We believe these investments are critical to our success. Our strong balance sheet and operational flexibility allowed us to successfully manage through the initial impact of COVID-19 while protecting our cash flow and liquidity. We were expedient with the implementation of our business continuity plan, which included moving 95% of our workforce to work remotely and restricting unnecessary travel. Our blend of technology and service provides valuable tools and resources to assist our clients and their employees during this critical time. The technology investments we made to our Paychex Flex payroll and human resources suite of products positioned us to service our clients and support them in managing a remote workforce. We created a COVID-19 help center on our website to assist our clients and provide them with the support and resources they need. Our priority remains helping them keep their businesses open and return to more normal operations. Since the end of April, we have seen sequential improvement in our key business metrics across our lines of business. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of future changes to market and economic conditions related to COVID-19 and will assess the potential impact on our business and financial position. We expect to take a cautious approach to modifying our office and travel restrictions and will wait until we have a clearer vision on how the pandemic unfolds. Our mission is to be the leading provider of HR, payroll, benefits, and insurance solutions by being an essential partner to small and medium-sized businesses across the U.S. and parts of Europe. We believe that success in this mission will lead to strong, long-term financial performance. We maintain industry-leading margins by managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in leading-edge technology. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. Our client retention was at record levels of over 83% of the beginning client base for fiscal 2020. We continue to strengthen our position in the industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, businesses of all sizes, and other interested parties. We provide free webinars, white papers, and other information on our website to aid existing and prospective clients with the impact of regulatory changes. Our COVID-19 response included guidance on the Small Business Administration loan and debt relief process, and state-by-state resources to help our clients understand specific directives that may impact their business. The COVID-19 help center also provides resources to our key business partners, including accountants, financial institutions, financial advisors, and national associations. We believe these efforts contribute to our organizational resilience by enhancing our capabilities to adapt to external pressures and maintain operational continuity during challenging conditions.