The company is actively monitoring the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak, which has negatively impacted its business and results of operations. Disruption within the aerospace industry, facing the consequences of travel restrictions and considerably lower demand, was significant and is expected to continue. The ultimate extent to which the business and results of operations will be impacted by the outbreak will depend largely on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted at this time. The company took immediate and aggressive action to minimize the spread of COVID-19 in its workplaces and is taking measures to preserve cash and reduce costs, including global salary reductions, reduced work schedules, elimination of discretionary spending, targeted restructuring, and limiting capital expenditures to safety-related issues and strategic investments. At the same time, the company is appropriately addressing the ongoing needs of its business to continue serving its customers. The company believes many opportunities for profitable growth are available in the long term and intends to focus primarily on business opportunities in areas such as energy, water, food, environment, defense, life sciences, infrastructure, and transportation. The company aims to meet its strategic objectives by continuously enhancing the customer experience, executing win strategy initiatives, maintaining a decentralized division and sales company structure, fostering a safety-first and entrepreneurial culture, and engineering innovative systems and products to provide superior customer value through improved service, efficiency, and productivity. The company is also focused on driving efficiency by implementing lean enterprise principles and creating a culture of empowerment through its values, inclusion and diversity, accountability, and teamwork. The business realignment activities, aimed at reducing organizational and process complexity, are being implemented throughout the operating units worldwide. The company anticipates that cost savings realized from workforce reduction measures taken during 2020 will increase operating income for 2021. The company expects to continue taking necessary actions to structure appropriately the operations of its segments, which are expected to result in business realignment charges in 2021. The company has taken several meaningful measures to strengthen its liquidity position in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, including limiting capital expenditures to safety-related issues and strategic investments, suspending its share repurchase program, and implementing other cost reduction efforts. The company believes these measures, along with access to committed credit, position it well to manage through the current economic uncertainty and capitalize on its position as a leader in motion and control technologies as the economy recovers. The company continues to assess its existing businesses and may initiate efforts to divest businesses that are not considered to be a good long-term strategic fit. The company is committed to maintaining a strong investment-grade credit profile and expects to remain in compliance with all covenants set forth in its credit agreements. The company recognizes the importance of adaptability and resilience in navigating the challenges posed by external pressures and is focused on maintaining operational continuity and organizational effectiveness in the face of adversity.