During a significant portion of 2020, the COVID pandemic has resulted in cessation, severe curtailment, or impairment of business activities in most sectors of the economy in virtually all markets we operate in, due to governmental "stay at home" orders, risk mitigation procedures, and closure of businesses not considered to be "essential." Our self-storage facilities have been classified as "essential" businesses under all applicable business closure orders and thus remained open to all customer activity. We consider the safety of our employees and customers as our first priority and have accordingly taken significant steps to ensure safety while keeping our services available to the public. These steps include initiating our touchless eRental® leasing platform, touchless mobile app allowing customer access to our properties, enforcing social distancing requirements in our property offices and grounds, and providing protective equipment. Our corporate offices as well as our call centers migrated to a "work from home" environment during the COVID pandemic, which we believe has not resulted in any significant negative impacts to our operations or decision making. However, we expect that stricter government restrictions could be instituted or reinstituted in response to increases in infections, and we cannot estimate the extent of the COVID pandemic's future negative impacts. Our self-storage operations generate most of our net income, and our earnings growth is most impacted by the level of organic growth in our same store facilities' revenues. A significant portion of management's time is devoted to maximizing cash flows from our existing self-storage facilities. During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, revenues generated by our same store facilities decreased by 1.0% and increased by 1.5%, respectively, as compared to the previous year. The decrease in revenue in 2020 included the negative impact caused by the COVID pandemic, including restrictions on rate increases to tenants imposed by local government due to "states of emergency." Our trends in revenue have improved in the last half of 2020, with revenues from our same store facilities increasing 0.8% during the three months ended December 31, 2020, as compared to the three months ended December 31, 2019. We have embarked on a multi-year program to rebrand our properties to enhance the competitive position of certain of our facilities relative to local competitors, which includes developing more pronounced, attractive, and clearly identifiable color schemes and signage. We believe these incremental investments improve customer satisfaction, the attractiveness and competitiveness of our facilities to new and existing customers, and reduce operating costs. Our self-storage operations are analyzed in four groups: same store facilities, acquired facilities, newly developed and expanded facilities, and other non-same store facilities. The analysis of impairment of our long-lived assets involves identification of indicators of impairment, projections of future operating cash flows, and estimates of fair values, all of which require significant judgment. We expect our capital needs to increase over the next year as we add projects to our development pipeline and acquire additional properties. Our ability to do so continues to be challenged by various constraints such as difficulty in finding projects that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations and challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage facilities in certain municipalities. We believe that our economies of scale in marketing and operations allow us to generate higher net operating income from newly acquired facilities than was achieved by the previous owners.