The performance of our business generally depends on our ability to obtain contracts with customers and to effectively deliver the services provided under those contracts. We continue to operate substantially all of our activities as a provider of essential services. In response to the pandemic, we have implemented proactive measures to protect the health and safety of our employees, such as the adoption of specialized training initiatives and the utilization of additional protective equipment for our employees operating in the field and additional sanitation measures for our offices, vehicles, and equipment. We are focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet to help us navigate the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic. We continue to manage our costs through, among other things, reductions in discretionary spending, reductions in workforce at operations experiencing challenges, hiring and compensation increase deferrals, and deferrals of non-essential capital expenditures. We believe there are long-term growth opportunities across our industries, and we continue to have a positive long-term outlook. Our services are typically provided pursuant to master service agreements, repair and maintenance contracts, and fixed price and non-fixed price new construction contracts. We have strategically focused our communications services on the North American market, and during 2019 and 2020, we have substantially completed the exit of our Latin American communications operations. We believe potential acquisition and investment opportunities exist in our industries and adjacent industries, primarily due to the highly fragmented and evolving nature of those industries and inability of many companies to expand due to capital or liquidity constraints. We are taking proactive steps to develop our workforce, including through strategic relationships with universities, the military, and unions and the expansion and development of our training facility and postsecondary educational institution. Our ability to capitalize on available opportunities is limited by our ability to employ, train, and retain the necessary skilled personnel. The regulatory environment creates both challenges and opportunities for our business, and in recent years electric power and underground utility infrastructure margins have been impacted by regulatory and permitting delays. We believe that there are also several existing, pending, or proposed legislative or regulatory actions that may alleviate certain regulatory and permitting issues and positively impact long-term demand, particularly in connection with electric power infrastructure and renewable energy spending. We expect continued demand for new or expanded transmission and substation infrastructure to transport power and interconnect new generation facilities and the modification and reengineering of existing infrastructure as existing coal and nuclear generation facilities are retired or shut down. Our customers continue to seek additional specialized labor resources to address an aging utility workforce and longer-term labor availability issues, increasing pressure to reduce costs and improve reliability, and increasing duration and complexity of their capital programs. We believe these trends will continue, possibly to the point where demand for labor resources will outpace supply. We are continuing to monitor the actual and forecasted financial results of our reporting units, and the potential future impacts are uncertain and may change based on numerous factors. The possibility of future restrictions remains. The broader and longer-term implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results of operations and overall financial performance and position remain highly uncertain and variable, and we expect continued operational challenges in 2021 for portions of our operations as we continue to operate during this unprecedented and unpredictable health and economic environment.