The rapid, global spread of COVID-19 has negatively impacted consumer demand for certain devices that incorporate our products and intellectual property, which negatively impacted our business and results of operations in fiscal 2020. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on sales of devices that incorporate our products and intellectual property was most significant in the March 2020 and June 2020 quarters. However, the impact of COVID-19 on our ability to fulfill customer orders has been minimal. Workforce changes that we implemented in the second quarter of fiscal 2020 remained in effect throughout fiscal 2020. Looking forward, we expect our business to be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has resulted in significant economic uncertainty and has led to a global recession. We expect the pandemic will continue to have a negative impact on QTL and QCT revenues in the near term based on a reduction in consumer demand for smartphones and other products. We have not experienced, and we currently do not anticipate a material adverse impact on our ability, or our suppliers' ability, to manufacture and test our products or on our ability to provide our products to our customers. The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, financial condition, and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation, and licensing of 5G technologies, and to be a leading developer and supplier of 5G integrated circuit products in order to sustain and grow our business long term. We expect our research and development costs will increase in the near term primarily due to increased investment towards advancements in 5G and application processor technologies and certain other long-term initiatives. We expect continued intense competition, particularly in China, as our competitors expand their product offerings and/or reduce the prices of their products as part of a strategy to attract new and/or retain existing customers. Current U.S./China trade relations and/or national security protection policies may negatively impact our business, growth prospects, and results of operations. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless value chain and governments as to the benefits of our licensing program and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. However, we expect that certain companies may continue to be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technology and not welcome the success of our licensing program in enabling new, highly cost-effective competitors to their products. Accordingly, such companies, and/or governments or regulators, may continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. The increase in impairment losses in fiscal 2020 was due in part to the impact COVID-19 had on certain of our investees. A significant portion of the impairment losses related to our investment in OneWeb, which filed for bankruptcy in the second quarter of fiscal 2020. The impact of COVID-19 on our business has highlighted the importance of operational flexibility and adaptability in response to unexpected situations and external pressures. We anticipate that the ongoing developments will require us to continuously assess our operational strategies and resource allocation to maintain organizational resilience amid these challenges.