The effects of COVID-19 have had and continue to have a material negative impact on our operations, financial results, and liquidity. Given the ongoing effects of COVID-19 on our operations and global bookings, we have identified the estimation of our future liquidity requirements as a critical accounting policy. The assumptions used to estimate our liquidity requirements are frequently and continuously evaluated because of the unprecedented non-operational environment we are experiencing due to COVID-19. We have taken and will continue to take actions to improve our liquidity, including reduction of capital expenditures, reduction of operating expenses, amending credit agreements to defer payments and covenant requirements, and raising capital through debt and stock issuances. We have significantly reduced ship operating expenses, including crew payroll, food, fuel, insurance, and port charges. We have also eliminated or significantly reduced marketing and selling expenses in 2020 and reduced and furloughed our workforce. We may seek to further reduce our average monthly expenses under a further prolonged non-revenue scenario and during the restart of operations. Our focus has been on the safety and well-being of our guests and crew, the care of our fleet, and the strength of our liquidity position. We successfully resumed operations in Singapore and in Europe with TUI Cruises and Hapag-Lloyd, based on the detailed scientific recommendations of the Healthy Sail Panel, which we formed to develop a comprehensive set of enhanced health and safety protocols. We expect to re-start our global cruise operation in a phased manner with reduced guest occupancy, modified itineraries, and enhanced health and safety protocols. The adverse impact that COVID-19 will continue to have on our business, operating results, cash flows, and overall financial condition is uncertain and may result in changes to the assumptions used in our impairment tests. We recorded total impairment and credit losses of $1.6 billion, most of which was recorded during the three months ended March 31, 2020, related to the impairment of goodwill, intangibles, long-lived assets, and credit losses related to the sale of our property and equipment. We have executed several measures to structurally reduce our cost base, realign our capital allocation, and improve our scale and margins. We continue to identify and evaluate further actions to enhance our liquidity and support our recovery, including further reductions in capital expenditures, operating expenses, and administrative costs. We have significant contractual obligations, and our debt service obligations and the capital expenditures associated with our ship purchases represent our largest funding needs. We believe that the liquidity resulting from the actions mentioned above will be sufficient to fund our liquidity requirements over at least the next twelve months. However, there is no assurance that our assumptions and estimates are accurate due to possible unknown variables related to this unprecedented suspension of our operations. We have agreements with our credit card processors relating to customer deposits received by the company for future voyages, allowing the credit card processors to require collateral under certain circumstances. We are continuously considering opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships and may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships.