Our ability to generate profits and to generate positive cash flow from operations over the next several years depends significantly on the continued success in commercializing Eylea and Dupixent. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses related to our research and development activities, a portion of which we expect to be reimbursed by our collaborators. We also expect to incur substantial costs related to the commercialization of our marketed products. Our financial results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend on, among other factors, the net sales of our marketed products; the scope and progress of our research and development efforts; the timing of certain expenses; the continuation of our collaborations, in particular with Sanofi and Bayer, including our share of collaboration profits or losses from sales of commercialized products and the amount of reimbursement of our research and development expenses that we receive from collaborators. We cannot predict whether or when new products or new indications for marketed products will receive regulatory approval or, if any such approval is received, whether we will be able to successfully commercialize such product(s) and whether or when they may become profitable. There are numerous uncertainties associated with drug development, including uncertainties related to safety and efficacy data from each phase of drug development, uncertainties related to the enrollment and performance of clinical trials, changes in regulatory requirements, changes in the competitive landscape affecting a product candidate, and other risks and uncertainties described in part I, item 1A. Our obligation to pay certain of these amounts may increase or be reduced based on relevant future events. We expect continued increases in our expenditures, particularly in connection with our research and development activities. The amount of funding that will be required for our clinical programs depends upon the results of our research and preclinical programs and early-stage clinical trials, regulatory requirements, the duration and results of clinical trials underway and of additional clinical trials that we decide to initiate, and the various factors that affect the cost of each trial. We anticipate continuing to incur substantial commercialization costs for Eylea, Dupixent, and Libtayo. Commercialization costs over the next few years will depend on, among other things, the market potential for product candidates, whether commercialization costs are shared with a collaborator, and regulatory approval of additional product candidates. We expect that expenses related to the filing, prosecution, defense, and enforcement of patents and other intellectual property will be substantial. We enter into collaboration and licensing agreements that may require us to pay amounts upon the achievement of various development and commercial milestones, which, in the aggregate, could be significant, and/or royalties calculated based on a percentage of net product sales. The payment of these amounts, however, is contingent upon the occurrence of various future events, which have a high degree of uncertainty of occurring and for which the specific timing cannot be predicted. As of December 31, 2020, we also had borrowing availability of $750.0 million under a revolving credit facility. We believe that our existing capital resources, borrowing availability under the credit facility, funds generated by anticipated product sales, and funding for reimbursement of research and development costs that we are entitled to receive under our collaboration agreements, will enable us to meet our anticipated operating needs for the foreseeable future.