We are a diversified technology company. We pursue consistent and sustainable growth in earnings and cash flow by emphasizing continuous improvement in the operating performance of our existing businesses and by acquiring other carefully selected businesses. Our acquisitions have represented both new strategic platforms and additions to existing businesses. The growth in organic revenues was primarily due to businesses serving healthcare and government contracting markets. The growth in organic revenues was led by our higher project activity at our toll and traffic business and subscription growth at our SaaS businesses. The decrease in organic revenues was due to broad-based revenue declines across the segment led by lower demand at our businesses serving upstream oil and gas end markets resulting from lower energy prices and the COVID-19 pandemic. Consistent negative net working capital demonstrates our continued evolution and focus on asset-light business models. We believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our credit facility will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements. Although we maintain an active acquisition program, we are committed to reducing debt. Future acquisitions will be dependent on numerous factors and it is not feasible to reasonably estimate if or when any such acquisitions will occur and what the impact will be on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our management discusses those areas that require significant judgments with the audit committee of our board of directors. The audit committee has reviewed all financial disclosures in our annual filings with the SEC. We expect the effective tax rate for 2021 to be approximately 21% to 22%. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the use of estimates, assumptions, judgments, and interpretations that can affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. The development of accounting estimates is the responsibility of our management. Our most significant accounting uncertainties are encountered in the areas of accounts receivable collectibility, inventory valuation, future warranty obligations, revenue recognition, income taxes, and valuation of other intangible assets. We evaluate whether there has been an impairment of identifiable intangible assets with definite useful economic lives, or of the remaining life of such assets, when certain indicators of impairment are present. The assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management. We also consider the specific future outlook for the reporting unit. The company performed its annual impairment test in the fourth quarter for all reporting units. The company conducted its analysis qualitatively and assessed whether it was more likely than not that the respective fair value of these reporting units was less than the carrying amount. The company determined that impairment of goodwill was not likely in 35 of its reporting units and thus was not required to perform a quantitative assessment for these reporting units. The quantitative assessment utilizes both an income approach and a market approach to estimate the fair value of a reporting unit. We anticipate that our businesses will generate positive cash flows from operating activities, and that these cash flows will permit the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule. However, the rate at which we can reduce our debt during 2021 will be affected by, among other things, the financing and operating requirements of any new acquisitions, the financial performance of our existing companies, and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business prospects and the financial markets generally.