The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. The full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on operations and financial performance will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of the pandemic, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. During this time, essential services continued to be provided to customers. Service levels began adjusting, which included a decrease in the frequency of pickups or a temporary pause in service. A decline in volumes disposed at certain landfills and transfer stations was experienced, but as service levels decreased, there was also a decrease in certain variable costs of operations. This decline in service activity peaked in the first half of April and gradually recovered thereafter as local economies began to reopen. However, large outbreaks and resurgences of COVID-19 in various regions may result in a reinstitution of certain restrictions and further adjustments in service levels, which would negatively impact business. The demand for environmental solutions depends on the continued demand for oil and natural gas in certain shale basins located in the United States. The price of crude oil and natural gas reached historic lows, resulting in a decrease in rig counts and drilling activity that led to a year-over-year decrease in revenue from the environmental solutions business. Incremental costs were incurred as a direct result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including costs for additional safety equipment and hygiene products, increased facility and equipment cleaning, and costs associated with a committed to serve initiative aimed at supporting employees, customers, and communities. The company has committed $20 million to support frontline employees and their families, as well as small business customers in local communities. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on business are described in more detail in the results of operations discussion. The organization remains focused on driving profitable growth, making disciplined acquisition investments, maintaining an inclusive culture, and advancing technology to empower employees and increase connectivity with customers. The strategy aims to deliver consistent earnings and free cash flow growth while improving return on invested capital. The organization will continue to monitor the evolving COVID-19 pandemic and its effects on business operations and financial performance. The company expects to incur similar costs throughout 2021 and potentially into future years, although the annual amount of such costs is anticipated to be less than those incurred in 2020. The organization strives to maintain operational flexibility and resilience in the face of external pressures and uncertainties, ensuring that it can adapt to changing conditions while preserving its operational integrity and performance.