Our operations can be affected by industrial, economic, and political factors on both a regional and global level. Performance in the general aviation sector is closely tied to the overall health of the economy and is positively correlated to corporate profits. The unprecedented decrease in air travel resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic is adversely affecting our airline and airframer customers, and their demand for the products and services of our Collins Aerospace and Pratt & Whitney businesses. We have been and continue to actively mitigate costs and adjust production schedules to accommodate these declines in demand. We have also taken actions to preserve capital and protect the long-term needs of our businesses, including cutting discretionary spending, significantly reducing capital expenditures and research and development spend, suspending our share buybacks in 2020, deferring merit increases, and implementing temporary pay reductions. We are continuously evaluating our cost structure and have implemented restructuring actions in an effort to keep our cost structure competitive. Restructuring actions are an essential component of our operating margin improvement efforts and relate to existing and recently acquired operations. We continue to closely monitor the economic environment and may undertake further restructuring actions to keep our cost structure aligned with the demands of the prevailing market conditions. Given the impacts described above that have resulted from the COVID-19 pandemic, we expect our future operating results, particularly those of our Collins Aerospace and Pratt & Whitney businesses, to continue to be significantly negatively impacted. We have significant exposure related to our airline and airframer customers, including significant accounts receivable and contract assets balances. The deterioration in general economic and market conditions primarily due to the COVID-19 pandemic was considered a triggering event requiring an impairment evaluation of goodwill, intangible assets, and other assets in our commercial aerospace businesses. We observed several airline customer bankruptcies, delays, and cancellations of aircraft purchases by airlines, fleet retirements, and repositioning of OEM production schedules, and we experienced a significant decline in revenues at our Collins Aerospace and Pratt & Whitney businesses due to a decline in flight hours, aircraft fleet utilization, shop visits, and commercial OEM deliveries. We recorded total restructuring charges primarily related to personnel reductions at our Collins Aerospace and Pratt & Whitney businesses to preserve capital and at our corporate headquarters due to consolidation from the Raytheon merger. We expect recurring pre-tax savings in continuing operations related to these actions to reach approximately $1.1 billion annually within one to two years. We have also taken appropriate actions to help support our communities in addressing the challenges posed by the pandemic, including the production and donation of personal protective equipment. Our expectations regarding the COVID-19 pandemic and its potential financial impact are based on available information and assumptions that we believe are reasonable at this time; however, the actual financial impact is highly uncertain and subject to a wide range of factors and future developments. We believe that the long-term outlook for the aerospace industry remains positive due to the fundamental drivers of air travel demand, although there is significant uncertainty regarding when commercial air traffic levels will begin to recover. We are continuously monitoring trends and working closely with our customers to adapt to the evolving situation.