Starbucks results for fiscal 2020 reflect the challenges our business faced with the COVID-19 pandemic, which severely impacted our results, particularly during the second and third fiscal quarters. We gradually reopened our stores and have seen sequential improvements in comparable store sales in both our Americas and international segments as transaction volumes continue to climb, reflecting the resilience of our business model and the strength of our brand. To help protect the health and welfare of our partners, we incurred incremental labor costs, including paying the wages and benefits to partners who were either unable or uncomfortable working, a temporary wage increase for partners who continued working during this period, and additional benefits to furloughed or separated partners resulting from reduced store hours. Throughout the second half of fiscal 2020, we experienced initial business recovery as our stores gradually reopened under modified operations to meet public health guidelines and evolving customer behaviors and expectations. Our global business is recovering steadily, with China approaching comparable store sales recovery and the U.S. demonstrating continued upward momentum in sales and profitability. We continue to invest in technologies and innovations to elevate the customer and partner experience and to drive long-term growth. By reimagining our store formats, we are moving swiftly to adapt to new customer behaviors. Absent significant COVID-19 relapses or global economic disruptions, we believe we are well positioned to regain the positive business momentum we had demonstrated prior to the pandemic. We announced a plan to optimize our North America store portfolio, primarily in dense, metropolitan markets, by blending store formats to better cater to changing customer tastes and preferences. This reflects our strategic initiatives to enhance operational flexibility and adaptability in response to external pressures. The restructuring efforts include closing approximately 100 stores in the U.S. and Canada, with expectations to close an additional 700 stores over the next 18 months. Costs incurred related to the restructuring efforts are recorded as restructuring and impairments on our consolidated statement of earnings. The incremental wages incurred were partially offset by qualified tax credits provided by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act and the Canada Emergency Wage Subsidy. The combination of these changes resulted in an overall decrease in operating margin in fiscal 2020 when compared to fiscal 2019. We actively manage our cash and investments to internally fund operating needs, make scheduled interest and principal payments on our borrowings, and return cash to shareholders through common stock cash dividend payments and share repurchases. We believe that net future cash flows generated from operations and existing cash and investments will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses as well as shareholder distributions for the foreseeable future. Our expectations of business recovery trends may vary materially in future periods based on the pace of global and market-specific recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. We have identified triggering events that required us to assess the need for potential impairment charges for a larger number of company-operated stores in fiscal 2020 than in prior years. We recorded store impairment charges due to the substantial reduction in our revenues and cash flows as a result of the pandemic, reflecting the need for resilience strategies in our operational management.