Beginning in early 2020, extraordinary and wide-ranging actions have been taken by international, federal, state, and local public health and governmental authorities to contain and combat the outbreak and spread of a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19). These actions have included quarantines, physical distancing, face coverings, restrictions on public gatherings, stay-at-home orders, and mandatory business closures that have substantially restricted individuals' daily activities and curtailed or ceased many businesses' normal operations. The company has worked with government and health authorities to continue to operate its business during this crisis, including company-operated stores, manufacturing plants, and other facilities, due to the essential nature of its products. The company has endeavored to follow recommended actions of government authorities and health officials to protect the health and well-being of employees, customers, and their families worldwide by implementing online and phone ordering of products, using curbside pickup or delivery, and implementing remote, alternate, and flexible work arrangements where possible. The company continues to actively monitor the pandemic's impact on its financial position, liquidity, results of operations, and cash flow while managing its response to the crisis through collaboration with employees, customers, suppliers, government authorities, health officials, and other business partners. The COVID-19 pandemic did not have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated financial results for 2020. The company has a strong liquidity position, with $226.6 million in cash and $3.500 billion of unused capacity under its credit facilities at December 31, 2020. During the first half of the year, actions were taken to preserve liquidity and generate cash flow during the crisis. The company’s financial condition, liquidity, and cash flow continued to be strong in 2020 as net operating cash increased to a record $3.409 billion primarily due to improved operating results. Strong net operating cash provided the funds necessary for the company to invest in capital expenditures, reduce total debt, and return cash to shareholders in the form of cash dividends and share buybacks during the year. The company generated EBITDA of $3.441 billion. The company has sufficient total available borrowing capacity to fund its current operating needs. The company expects to invest a minimum of $600 million of capital expenditures to build a new global headquarters and research and development center, with construction expected to commence in 2021. The company does not anticipate the need for any specific long-term external financing to support these capital expenditures. Management believes that the company conducts its operations in compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and has implemented various programs designed to protect the environment and promote continued compliance. The company continuously assesses its potential liability for investigation and remediation-related activities and adjusts its environmental-related accruals as information becomes available. The company is involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of its currently and formerly owned sites. The company believes that it has properly accrued for all known liabilities that existed and those where a loss was deemed probable for which a fair value was available or an amount could be reasonably estimated. The company’s ultimate liability may result in costs that are significantly higher than currently accrued, which may have a material adverse effect on the company’s results of operations, liquidity, or financial condition.