The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have resulted in a significant and swift reduction in international and US economic activity, adversely affecting the demand for oil and natural gas, as well as for Schlumberger's products and services, causing significant volatility and disruption of the financial markets. This period of extreme economic disruption, low oil prices, and reduced demand for Schlumberger's products and services has had, and is likely to continue to have, a material adverse impact on Schlumberger's business, results of operations, financial condition, and, at times, access to sources of liquidity. In view of the uncertainty of the depth and extent of the contraction in oil demand due to the COVID-19 pandemic combined with the weaker commodity price environment, Schlumberger turned its strategic focus to cash conservation and protecting its balance sheet. The revised dividend supports Schlumberger's value proposition through a balanced approach of shareholder distributions and organic investment, while providing flexibility to address the uncertain environment. This decision reflects the company's focus on its capital stewardship program as well as its commitment to maintain both a strong liquidity position and a strong investment grade credit rating that provides privileged access to the financial markets. The combination of Schlumberger's fit-for-basin strategy, digital technology innovation, and scale puts the company in the best position to leverage the anticipated shift of spending growth toward the international markets. The quality of Schlumberger's results in the fourth quarter of 2020 validates the progress of its performance strategy and the reinvention of Schlumberger in this new chapter for the industry. Building from the swift execution and scale of the cost-out program, Schlumberger exited the year with quarterly margins reset to 2019 levels as the upcycle begins. Given the depth, diversity, and executional capability of its international business, Schlumberger believes it is uniquely positioned to benefit as international spending accelerates in the near- and mid-term. Schlumberger's full-year 2020 revenue of $23.6 billion declined 28% year-on-year, with North American revenue falling sharply by 48% due to the continued capital discipline of North America operators, who reduced drilling and hydraulic fracturing activity due to the pandemic. International revenue was more resilient, declining only 19% year-on-year. The decline was most prominent in Latin America, Europe, and Africa due to downward revisions to customer budgets and COVID-19 disruptions. The digital and integration segment's revenue decreased 26% year-on-year primarily due to lower multiclient and software sales as customers reduced activity due to COVID-19 and cut discretionary spending. Year-on-year pretax operating margin increased largely due to improved APS margins as a result of reduced amortization expense following the asset impairment charges recorded in the second quarter of 2020 and the effects of cost-cutting efforts. The operational flexibility demonstrated through prompt cost-cutting measures partially mitigated the effects of revenue decline across various segments. Schlumberger's strategic response to the pandemic illustrates its adaptability and resilience in navigating through complex situations and external pressures. The company is fully prepared to capitalize on the growth drivers of the future of its industry, particularly as it accelerates its digital growth ambition and leads in the production and recovery market.