We are a global leader in supplying the electronic design automation (EDA) software that engineers use to design and test integrated circuits (ICs), also known as chips. Our solutions help these companies overcome the challenges of developing increasingly advanced electronics products while also helping them reduce their design and manufacturing costs. Our software integrity business delivers products and services that enable software developers to test their code for known security vulnerabilities and quality defects, thereby minimizing risk and maximizing productivity. We have consistently grown our revenue since 2005, despite periods of global economic uncertainty, due to our solid execution, leading technologies, and strong customer relationships. The COVID-19 pandemic has changed the physical working environment of the substantial majority of our workforce to working from home, but it has caused only minor disruptions to our business operations with a limited impact on our operating results thus far. We have not observed any changes in the design activity of customers, although we experienced a slowdown in customer commitments in our software integrity segment. We have also experienced minor disruptions in our hardware supply chain, which we have been able to address with minimal impact to our business operations to date. We will continue to consider the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business operations. Our growth strategy is based on maintaining and building on our leadership in our EDA products, expanding and proliferating our IP offerings, driving growth in the software security and quality market, and continuing to expand our product portfolio and our total addressable market. We recognize our revenue for software licenses over the arrangement period, which typically approximates three years. The accounting impact of our revenue recognition policy has not affected the cash generated from our business. We believe that we will continue to execute our strategies successfully based on our leading technologies, customer relationships, business model, diligent expense management, and acquisition strategy. The overall growth of our business has been the primary driver of the increase in our revenue, which is subject to fluctuations primarily due to customer requirements, including the timing and value of contract renewals. Our revenues are also influenced by the timing of IP product sales, consulting projects, and hardware sales. We expect cash from our operating activities to fluctuate as a result of various factors, including the timing of our billings and collections, our operating results, and the timing and amount of tax and other liability payments. We have considered the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our liquidity and capital resources, and although we have not observed any material effects on our liquidity or collections from customers to date, there is substantial uncertainty that could result in greater variability as additional events and information become known. We are continuously evaluating the COVID-19 pandemic's effects and taking steps to mitigate known risks, including potential constraints on our liquidity and capital resources as a result of customers' reduced expenditures or disruptions to our supply chain. We believe that our existing balances of cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to satisfy our working capital needs, capital asset purchases, share repurchases, acquisitions, debt repayments, and other liquidity requirements associated with our existing operations.