The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted our operations in the short-term; however, we believe we have achieved steady, long-term growth in sales and improvements in operating performance due to our competitive strengths and execution of our value-driven operating strategy. Our selective acquisition strategy has contributed to the growth of our business, and we have significant experience in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. Many of our businesses have taken the opportunity to explore new business opportunities by developing highly engineered solutions for emerging needs arising from the pandemic. The company took immediate and aggressive action to minimize the spread of COVID-19 in our workplaces and reduce costs, including flexible work-from-home scheduling, alternate shift schedules, and appropriate personal protective equipment. Material actions to reduce costs included reducing our workforce to align operations with customer demand, implementing unpaid furloughs, and delaying non-essential capital projects. The company continues to analyze its cost structure and may implement additional cost reduction measures as necessary due to the ongoing business challenges resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. We expect to meet our current debt obligations through internally generated funds from current levels of operations and/or through refinancing in the debt markets. The magnitude of the impact of COVID-19 remains unpredictable, and we continue to anticipate potential supply chain disruptions, employee absenteeism, and short-term suspensions of manufacturing facilities. The company is actively managing the business to maintain cash flow, including cost mitigation efforts in response to the pandemic, and is focusing on the application of its three core value-driven operating strategies. We believe our significant cash liquidity will allow us to meet our anticipated funding requirements, and we expect our efforts will continue to generate strong margins and provide sufficient cash to meet our interest obligations and liquidity needs. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused a significant adverse impact on our sales, net income, and EBITDA, and we are continuing to focus on obtaining profitable new business, continually improving our cost structure, and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers. The company has also taken steps to ensure operational continuity and resilience in the face of external pressures and uncertainties. We believe that our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform, or market channel, which has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. The integration of acquisitions into our existing businesses has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. We are committed to maintaining and continuously improving our lean cost structure through detailed attention to the cost of each of the products that we offer and our organizational structure. The company’s ability to generate cash in the future is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond its control, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.