While our business was materially affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, the pandemic highlighted the importance of our multi-category portfolio and our decision to put our stores at the center of our strategy. We continued to make strategic investments to support our durable operating and financial model that further differentiates Target and is designed to drive sustainable sales and profit growth. We have done this through an investment strategy focused on elevating the shopping experiences and winning with high-touch service. We invested significantly in our team, including a $15/hour minimum hourly wage for U.S. team members, recognition bonuses, and certain other benefits in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. We made significant investments in the health and safety of team members and guests. Our operating performance during the second and third quarters of 2020 and financial position allowed us to repurchase $1.77 billion of debt before its maturity. We have implemented numerous safety measures to protect our guests and team members, such as mandating face masks for all team members and guests in our stores and more rigorous cleaning processes. To support our team and minimize potential disruptions in their work to serve our guests, we modified our plans for some of our strategic initiatives, including our previously announced remodel program. We completed 132 remodels in 2020, down from the previous expectation of approximately 300. Similarly, we opened 29 new small format stores in 2020, rather than the 36 previously announced. The rapid development and fluidity of the COVID-19 situation limits our ability to predict the ultimate impact on our business, financial condition, and financial performance. We have experienced unusually strong sales, as guests rely on Target for essential items like food, medicine, cleaning products, and household stock-up items. Underlying this trend, we saw significant volatility in our sales mix, including both category and channel sales mix and same-day fulfillment options. Our SG&A expenses include significant incremental costs related to investments in pay and benefits for store team members, the spikes in merchandise volume in stores and the supply chain, and the impact of additional team member hours dedicated to more rigorous cleaning routines. Our liquidity and capital resources capital allocation is based on a disciplined and balanced approach to ensure we fully invest in opportunities to profitably grow our business and create sustainable long-term value. In response to COVID-19, we suspended our share repurchase program in March 2020, but lifted the suspension in November 2020. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to maintain operations, finance anticipated expansion and strategic initiatives, fund debt maturities, pay dividends, and execute purchases under our share repurchase program for the foreseeable future. Our operating cash flow provided by continuing operations was $10.5 billion in 2020 compared with $7.1 billion in 2019, reflecting stronger operating performance combined with higher payables leverage during 2020 due to increased inventory turnover driven by strong sales. We expect capital expenditures in 2021 of approximately $4.0 billion to support remodels, new stores, and supply chain projects to add replenishment capacity and modernize the network. We also expect to continue to invest in new store and supply chain leases.