After a novel coronavirus disease ("COVID-19") emerged and spread worldwide, national, state, and local governments began issuing various restrictions, leading to the temporary closure of all stores, online businesses, distribution centers, and offices. We implemented new health and safety practices, including enhanced cleaning and social distancing protocols, to navigate through this global health crisis. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has led to modifications to our operations and has impacted consumer behavior, which may require further adaptations to our operations. We established several global task force teams focused on a broad range of strategies to navigate the company through this global health crisis. The uncertainties in the global economy may impact the financial viability or business operations of some of our suppliers and service providers, which may interrupt our supply chain and require changes to our operations. Our results for fiscal 2021 were negatively impacted by the temporary closure of our stores for approximately 24% of fiscal 2021 in the aggregate, which represents total store days closed due to the COVID-19 pandemic as a percentage of potential total store days open. We expect closures in Europe and Canada to impact our first quarter fiscal 2022 results, as stores are expected to be closed for approximately 71% and 12% of the quarter, respectively. We have taken numerous steps designed to protect the health and well-being of our associates and customers to operate more safely in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. The temporary closure of our stores had a material impact on our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity, including a 23% decrease in net sales for fiscal 2021 compared to the same period last year. We generated $4.6 billion of operating cash flows and ended the year with $10.5 billion of cash. We negotiated rent deferrals for a significant number of our stores, with repayment at later dates, primarily in fiscal 2022. We have implemented, and plan to continue to implement, cost-saving initiatives to reduce some ongoing variable and discretionary spending. The challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic on our business continue to evolve, and we will continue to evaluate our financial position in light of future developments. We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, internally generated funds, and our credit facilities are adequate to meet our operating needs over the next fiscal year. We expect our capital expenditures in fiscal 2022 to be in the range of approximately $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion, including investments in our infrastructure and distribution centers. The impact of Brexit has also introduced additional regulatory and compliance requirements that may negatively affect our ability to efficiently move merchandise in the region. We have realigned our European division's supply chain to mitigate these impacts. The ongoing evaluation of our financial position and operational strategies reflects our commitment to maintaining organizational resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptions.