The merger has altered the size and scope of our operations, impacting our assets, liabilities, obligations, capital requirements, and performance measures. We expect to enhance the breadth and depth of our nationwide 5G network, accelerate innovation, increase competition in the U.S. wireless, video, and broadband industries, and achieve significant synergies and cost reductions by eliminating redundancies within the combined network as well as other business processes and operations. Our restructuring activities are expected to occur over the next three years, with substantially all costs incurred by the end of fiscal year 2023. We expect to realize cost efficiencies by eliminating redundancies within our combined network as well as other business processes and operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected businesses, economies, and financial markets worldwide, causing significant volatility in the U.S. and international debt and equity markets. Our focus has been on providing crucial connectivity to our customers and impacted communities while ensuring the safety and well-being of our employees. We have taken a variety of steps to help mitigate the impact of the pandemic on our customers and to protect the health and well-being of our workforce and communities. Throughout the year, the pandemic has peaked, subsided, and seen a resurgence, leading to phased re-openings, as well as continuing or renewed containment measures. As a critical communications infrastructure provider, we committed to not terminate service to any residential or small business customers because of their inability to pay their bills due to disruptions caused by the pandemic and waived any late fees incurred due to their economic circumstances. We also took additional temporary steps to ensure that all current customers were provided connectivity to learn and work remotely. We are working to keep our network fully operational as an essential service to first responders, 911 communications, and our customers while continuing to expand our 5G network. The extent to which the pandemic impacts our business, operations, and financial results will depend on numerous future developments, including the duration and scope of the pandemic and the success of governmental, business, and individual actions taken in response. We have reevaluated and continue to assess our spending, including for marketing purposes, capital projects, travel, third-party services, and certain operating expenses. Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses, the construction, expansion, and upgrading of our network infrastructure, and the integration of the networks, spectrum, technology, personnel, customer base, and business practices of T-Mobile and Sprint. We expect the majority of our remaining capital expenditures related to these efforts to occur in 2021 and 2022, after which we expect capital expenditure requirements to reduce. We regularly review and update our projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, the competitive landscape, and other factors. We have incurred and will incur substantial expenses as a result of completing the transactions and compliance with government commitments, and we are also expected to incur substantial restructuring expenses in connection with integrating and coordinating T-Mobile's and Sprint's businesses, operations, policies, and procedures.