We have contingency plans in place to ensure continuity of operations at our collection sites, transfer stations, landfills, and recycling facilities. Key elements of our business continuity plan have been executed consistently across the organization. Our safety team has medical experts and industrial hygienists that are continuously monitoring and incorporating guidance from relevant authorities. The challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy increased rapidly at the end of the first quarter of 2020 and have continued through the date of this report, impacting our business in most geographies and across a variety of our customer types. Waste Management provides essential services to a diverse customer base and, as a result, many elements of our business are less exposed to variability. However, steps taken by national and local governments to slow the spread of the virus resulted in revenue declines at our landfills, as well as decreased demand from our industrial and commercial collection customers. We have prioritized the health, safety, and financial security of our workforce. Key steps taken to benefit our workforce included transitioning back-office employees to work-from-home, providing financial certainty to employees, securing additional personal protective equipment, and guaranteeing elements of incentive compensation to certain employees. Our top priority with respect to our customers has been ensuring that essential waste service needs continue to be safely met despite the unprecedented changes encountered in their communities. During the initial months of the pandemic, we worked with customers impacted by COVID-19 to waive and suspend certain ancillary service charges, defer certain annual price increases, and extend payment terms. The fundamentals of the company continue to remain strong, and we have sufficient liquidity on hand to continue business operations during this volatile period. We believe that the company's industry-leading asset network and strategic focuses on investing in people and our digital platform will give the company the necessary tools to address the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic and the impacts on our industry. We continue to take intentional steps to decrease our operating costs and eliminate discretionary selling, general, and administrative expenses to mitigate the impact from the declines in our volumes. Our proactive cost management efforts positioned us to hold our overall operating expenses as a percentage of revenues flat when compared with the prior year period. We have maintained our focus on converting to a fee-based pricing model that addresses the cost of processing materials and the impact on our cost structure to manage contamination in the recycling stream. We continue to invest and seek opportunities for cost improvement as we remain steadfast in our commitment to improve the profitability and returns of the recycling line of business in any economic environment. We are focused on ensuring that we emerge from this pandemic a stronger, more differentiated company positioned as the service provider of choice for the long term. We must dynamically manage our cost structure. Given the ongoing pressures on the business from COVID-19, we continue to take proactive steps to reduce costs and maximize cash flow, including optimizing our route structure to respond proactively to lower industrial and commercial collection volumes and limiting hiring. We also elected to temporarily suspend additional share repurchases in 2020 after the first quarter.