We are monitoring the COVID-19 pandemic and have taken steps intended to protect the safety of our customers, employees, and communities, and to support the continued delivery of safe and reliable service to our customers and the communities we serve. We believe we have the ability to access the debt market, if necessary, as evidenced by the successful completion of debt offerings during second-quarter 2020, and continue to have significant levels of unused capacity on our revolving credit facility. Our remote working arrangements have not significantly impacted our internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Our strategy is to provide large-scale energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products that exists in the United States. We continue to maintain a strong commitment to safety, environmental stewardship, operational excellence, and customer satisfaction. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. Our business plan for 2021 includes a continued focus on earnings and cash flow growth, while continuing to improve leverage metrics and control operating costs. Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2021 are expected to be in a range from $1.0 billion to $1.2 billion. We also remain committed to projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that meet legal, regulatory, and/or contractual commitments. We seek to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of energy infrastructure assets that continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States. Potential risks and obstacles that could impact the execution of our plan include continued negative impacts of COVID-19 driving a global recession, which could result in further downturns in financial markets and commodity prices, as well as impact demand for natural gas and related products; opposition to, and legal regulations affecting, our infrastructure projects, including the risk of delay or denial in permits and approvals needed for our projects; counterparty credit and performance risk, including unexpected developments in customer bankruptcy proceedings; unexpected significant increases in capital expenditures or delays in capital project execution; and unexpected changes in customer drilling and production activities, which could negatively impact gathering and processing volumes. We have long-term acreage dedications with strong historical contractual conveyances that create real estate interests in unproduced gas. Our gathering lines in many cases are physically connected to the customers' wellheads and pads, and there may not be alternative gathering lines nearby. The construction of gathering systems is capital intensive and it would be costly for others to replicate, especially considering the depletion to date of the associated reserves. As a result, we play a critical role in getting customers' production from the wellhead to a marketable condition and location. This tends to reduce collectability risk as our services enable producers to generate operating cash flows. Our ongoing major expansion projects include the expansion of Transco's existing natural gas transmission system to provide incremental firm transportation capacity, and we have received approvals from the FERC for these projects. We continue to monitor developments with respect to the outbreak and adapt our operations accordingly to ensure resilience in our service delivery and operational continuity.