Throughout fiscal 2021, we have operated with a clear set of priorities to guide our decision making through the covid-19 pandemic, which includes supporting our associates on the front lines in terms of their physical safety, financial health, and emotional well-being. We are providing extra pay and benefits, including special cash bonuses to associates and the introduction of a covid-19 emergency leave policy in the U.S. We are managing the business well both operationally and financially while driving our long-term strategy. We have taken certain strategic actions to strengthen our Walmart international portfolio for the long-term, including acquisitions and divestitures that reflect our adaptability to changing market conditions. Our business is seasonal to a certain extent due to calendar events and national and religious holidays, as well as weather patterns, which requires operational flexibility. The covid-19 pandemic has resulted in overall net sales growth during fiscal 2021, with strong comparable sales in the U.S. and the majority of our international markets, indicating our ability to absorb strain and maintain functioning despite adversity. The pandemic led to significant economic pressures and channel and mix shifts due to changes in consumer behavior, including accelerated growth in ecommerce in several markets. We are committed to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices, supported by everyday low costs, and at times, we adjust our business strategies to maintain and strengthen our competitive positions in the countries in which we operate. Our objective of prioritizing strong, efficient growth means we will focus on the most productive growth opportunities, increasing comparable store and club sales, and accelerating ecommerce sales growth while slowing the rate of growth of new stores and clubs. We measure operating discipline through expense leverage, which we define as net sales growing at a faster rate than operating expenses. We operate with discipline by managing expenses, optimizing the efficiency of how we work, and creating an environment in which we have sustainable lowest cost to serve. Our strategic capital allocation includes improving our customer-facing initiatives in stores and clubs and creating a seamless omni-channel experience for our customers. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund operations, finance our global investment and expansion activities, pay dividends, and fund our share repurchases for the foreseeable future. The strength and stability of our operations have historically supplied us with a significant source of liquidity, and we utilize intercompany financing arrangements to ensure cash can be made available in the country in which it is needed with the minimum cost possible. The ongoing uncertainty in our business and the global economy due to the duration and intensity of the covid-19 pandemic emphasizes the importance of our resilience strategies and mechanisms to navigate through these challenging conditions. We expect continued uncertainty in our business and the global economy due to various factors, which may impact our results, highlighting the need for effective risk assessment and management practices.