item 1a.   risk factors.
investors should carefully consider all of the information set forth in this form 10-k, including the following risk factors, before deciding to invest in any of the company's securities. the risks below are not the only ones the company faces. additional risks not currently known to the company or that the company presently deems immaterial may also impair its business operations. the company's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. this form 10-k also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. the company's results could materially differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks it faces described below and elsewhere. see "cautionary factors that may affect future results" below.
the company is dependent on its patent rights, and if its patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, its business would be adversely affected.
patent protection is considered, in the aggregate, to be of material importance in the company's marketing of human health products in the united states and in most major foreign markets. patents covering products that it has introduced normally provide market exclusivity, which is important for the successful marketing and sale of its products. the company seeks patents covering each of its products in each of the markets where it intends to sell the products and where meaningful patent protection is available.
even if the company succeeds in obtaining patents covering its products, third parties or government authorities may challenge or seek to invalidate or circumvent its patents and patent applications. it is important for the company's business to defend successfully the patent rights that provide market exclusivity for its products. the company is often involved in patent disputes relating to challenges to its patents or infringement and similar claims against the company. the company aggressively defends its important patents both within and outside the united states, including by filing claims of infringement against other parties. see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data," note 10. "contingencies and environmental liabilities" below. in particular, manufacturers of generic pharmaceutical products from time to time file abbreviated new drug applications with the fda seeking to market generic forms of the company's products prior to the expiration of relevant patents owned by the company. the company normally responds by vigorously defending its patent, including by filing lawsuits alleging patent infringement. patent litigation and other challenges to the company's patents are costly and unpredictable and may deprive the company of market exclusivity for a patented product or, in some cases, third-party patents may prevent the company from marketing and selling a product in a particular geographic area.
additionally, certain foreign governments have indicated that compulsory licenses to patents may be granted in the case of national emergencies or in other circumstances, which could diminish or eliminate sales and profits from those regions and negatively affect the company's results of operations. further, court decisions relating to other companies' patents, potential legislation relating to patents, as well as regulatory initiatives may result in further erosion of intellectual property protection.
if one or more important products lose patent protection in profitable markets, sales of those products are likely to decline significantly as a result of generic versions of those products becoming available and, in the case of certain products, such a loss could result in a material non-cash impairment charge. the company's results of operations may be adversely affected by the lost sales unless and until the company has successfully launched commercially successful replacement products.
a chart listing the u.s. patent protection for certain of the company's marketed products, candidates under review and phase 3 candidates is set forth above in item 1. "business - patents, trademarks and licenses."
as the company's products lose market exclusivity, the company generally experiences a significant and rapid loss of sales from those products.
the company depends upon patents to provide it with exclusive marketing rights for its products for some period of time. loss of patent protection for one of the company's products typically leads to a significant and rapid loss of sales for that product, as lower priced generic versions of that drug become available. in the case of products that contribute significantly to the company's sales, the loss of patent protection can have a material adverse effect on the company's business, cash flow, results of operations, financial position and prospects. for example, a court has ruled that a proposed generic form of nasonex does not infringe the company's u.s. patent for nasonex. if the generic form of nasonex receives marketing approval in the united states, the company will experience a loss of nasonex sales. in addition, the company will lose u.s. patent protection for cubicin in june 2016. also, pursuant to an agreement with a generic manufacturer, that manufacturer may launch in the united states a generic version of zetia in december 2016.
key company products generate a significant amount of the company's profits and cash flows, and any events that adversely affect the markets for its leading products could have a material and negative impact on results of operations and cash flows.
the company's ability to generate profits and operating cash flow depends largely upon the continued profitability of the company's key products, such as januvia, zetia, janumet, gardasil/gardasil 9, isentress, and vytorin. as a result of the company's dependence on key products, any event that adversely affects any of these products or the markets for any of these products could have a significant impact on results of operations and cash flows. these events could include loss of patent protection, increased costs associated with manufacturing, generic or over-the-counter availability of the company's product or a competitive product, the discovery of previously unknown side effects, results of post-market trials, increased competition from the introduction of new, more effective treatments and discontinuation or removal from the market of the product for any reason. if any of these events had a material adverse effect on the sales of certain products, such an event could result in a material non-cash impairment charge.
the company's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and the company may not be able to acquire commercially successful products in other ways; in consequence, the company may not be able to replace sales of successful products that have lost patent protection.
like other major pharmaceutical companies, in order to remain competitive, the company must continue to launch new products each year. expected declines in sales of products after the loss of market exclusivity mean that the company's future success is dependent on its pipeline of new products, including new products which it may develop through joint ventures and products which it is able to obtain through license or acquisition. to accomplish this, the company commits substantial effort, funds and other resources to research and development, both through its own dedicated resources and through various collaborations with third parties. there is a high rate of failure inherent in the research and development process for new drugs. as a result, there is a high risk that funds invested by the company in research programs will not generate financial returns. this risk profile is compounded by the fact that this research has a long investment cycle. to bring a pharmaceutical compound from the discovery phase to market may take a decade or more and failure can occur at any point in the process, including later in the process after significant funds have been invested.
for a description of the research and development process, see item 1. "business - research and development" above. each phase of testing is highly regulated and during each phase there is a substantial risk that the company will encounter serious obstacles or will not achieve its goals, therefore, the company may abandon a product in which it has invested substantial amounts of time and resources. some of the risks encountered in the research and development process include the following: pre-clinical testing of a new compound may yield disappointing results; competing products from other manufacturers may reach the market first; clinical trials of a new drug may not be successful; a new drug may not be effective or may have harmful side effects; a new drug may not be approved by the regulators for its intended use; it may not be possible to obtain a patent for a new drug; payers may refuse to cover or reimburse the new product; or sales of a new product may be disappointing.
the company cannot state with certainty when or whether any of its products now under development will be approved or launched; whether it will be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire compounds, product candidates or products; or whether any products, once launched, will be commercially successful. the company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. failure to do so in the short term or long term would have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations, cash flow, financial position and prospects.
the company's success is dependent on the successful development and marketing of new products, which are subject to substantial risks.
products that appear promising in development may fail to reach the market or fail to succeed for numerous reasons, including the following:
•   findings of ineffectiveness, superior safety or efficacy of competing products, or harmful side effects in clinical or pre-clinical testing;
•   failure to receive the necessary regulatory approvals, including delays in the approval of new products and new indications, and uncertainties about the time required to obtain regulatory approvals and the benefit/risk standards applied by regulatory agencies in determining whether to grant approvals;
•   failure in certain markets to obtain reimbursement commensurate with the level of innovation and clinical benefit presented by the product;
•   lack of economic feasibility due to manufacturing costs or other factors; and
•   preclusion from commercialization by the proprietary rights of others.
in the future, if certain pipeline programs are cancelled or if the company believes that their commercial prospects have been reduced, the company may recognize material non-cash impairment charges for those programs that were measured at fair value and capitalized in connection with acquisitions.
the company's products, including products in development, can not be marketed unless the company obtains and maintains regulatory approval.
the company's activities, including research, preclinical testing, clinical trials and manufacturing and marketing its products, are subject to extensive regulation by numerous federal, state and local governmental authorities in the united states, including the fda, and by foreign regulatory authorities, including in the eu. in the united states, the fda is of particular importance to the company, as it administers requirements covering the testing, approval, safety, effectiveness, manufacturing, labeling and marketing of prescription pharmaceuticals. in many cases, the fda requirements have increased the amount of time and money necessary to develop new products and bring them to market in the united states. regulation outside the united states also is primarily focused on drug safety and effectiveness and, in many cases, cost reduction. the fda and foreign regulatory authorities have substantial discretion to require additional testing, to delay or withhold registration and marketing approval and to otherwise preclude distribution and sale of a product.
even if the company is successful in developing new products, it will not be able to market any of those products unless and until it has obtained all required regulatory approvals in each jurisdiction where it proposes to market the new products. once obtained, the company must maintain approval as long as it plans to market its new products in each jurisdiction where approval is required. the company's failure to obtain approval, significant delays in the approval process, or its failure to maintain approval in any jurisdiction will prevent it from selling the new products in that jurisdiction until approval is obtained, if ever. the company would not be able to realize revenues for those new products in any jurisdiction where it does not have approval.
developments following regulatory approval may adversely affect sales of the company's products.
even after a product reaches market, certain developments following regulatory approval, including results in post-marketing phase 4 trials or other studies, may decrease demand for the company's products, including the following:
•   the re-review of products that are already marketed;
•   new scientific information and evolution of scientific theories;
•   the recall or loss of marketing approval of products that are already marketed;
•   changing government standards or public expectations regarding safety, efficacy or labeling changes; and in the past several years, clinical trials and post-marketing surveillance of certain marketed drugs of the company and of competitors within the industry have raised concerns that have led to recalls, withdrawals or adverse labeling of marketed products. clinical trials and post-marketing surveillance of certain marketed drugs also have raised concerns among some prescribers and patients relating to the safety or efficacy of pharmaceutical products in general that have negatively affected the sales of such products. in addition, increased scrutiny of the outcomes of clinical trials has led to increased volatility in market reaction. further, these matters often attract litigation and, even where the basis for the litigation is groundless, considerable resources may be needed to respond.
in addition, following the wake of product withdrawals and other significant safety issues, health authorities such as the fda, the ema and japan's pharmaceutical and medical device agency have increased their focus on safety when assessing the benefit/risk balance of drugs. some health authorities appear to have become more cautious when making decisions about approvability of new products or indications and are re-reviewing select products that are already marketed, adding further to the uncertainties in the regulatory processes. there is also greater regulatory scrutiny, especially in the united states, on advertising and promotion and, in particular, direct-to-consumer advertising.
if previously unknown side effects are discovered or if there is an increase in negative publicity regarding known side effects of any of the company's products, it could significantly reduce demand for the product or require the company to take actions that could negatively affect sales, including removing the product from the market, restricting its distribution or applying for labeling changes. further, in the current environment in which all pharmaceutical companies operate, the company is at risk for product liability and consumer protection claims and civil and criminal governmental actions related to its products, research and/or marketing activities.
in general, the company faces increasing competition from lower-cost generic products. the patent rights that protect its products are of varying strengths and durations. in addition, in some countries, patent protection is significantly weaker than in the united states or in the eu. in the united states and the eu, political pressure to reduce spending on prescription drugs has led to legislation and other measures which encourages the use of generic products. although it is the company's policy to actively protect its patent rights, generic challenges to the company's products can arise at any time, and the company's patents may not prevent the emergence of generic competition for its products.
loss of patent protection for a product typically is followed promptly by generic substitutes, reducing the company's sales of that product. availability of generic substitutes for the company's drugs may adversely affect its results of operations and cash flow. in addition, proposals emerge from time to time in the united states and other countries for legislation to further encourage the early and rapid approval of generic drugs. any such proposal that is enacted into law could worsen this substantial negative effect on the company's sales and, potentially, its business, cash flow, results of operations, financial position and prospects.
the company faces intense competition from competitors' products which, in addition to other factors, could in certain circumstances lead to non-cash impairment charges.
the company's products face intense competition from competitors' products. this competition may increase as new products enter the market. in such an event, the competitors' products may be safer or more effective, more convenient to use or more effectively marketed and sold than the company's products. alternatively, in the case of generic competition, including the generic availability of competitors' branded products, they may be equally safe and effective products that are sold at a substantially lower price than the company's products. as a result, if the company fails to maintain its competitive position, this could have a material adverse effect on its business, cash flow, results of operations, financial position and prospects. in addition, if products that were measured at fair value and capitalized in connection with acquisitions experience difficulties in the market that negatively impact product cash flows, the company may recognize material non-cash impairment charges with respect to the value of those products.
the company faces pricing pressure with respect to its products.
the company faces increasing pricing pressure globally and, particularly in mature markets, from managed care organizations, government agencies and programs that could negatively affect the company's sales and profit margins. in the united states, these include (i) practices of managed care groups and institutional and governmental purchasers, and (ii) u.s. federal laws and regulations related to medicare and medicaid, including the medicare prescription drug improvement and modernization act of 2003 and the patient protection and affordable care act of 2010. changes to the health care system enacted as part of health care reform in the united states, as well as increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of medicare, medicaid, and private sector beneficiaries, could result in further pricing pressures. the company also faces the risk of litigation with the government over its pricing calculations. in addition, in the u.s., larger customers may, in the future, ask for and receive higher rebates on drugs in certain highly competitive categories. the company must also compete to be placed on formularies of managed care organizations. exclusion of a product from a formulary can lead to reduced usage in the managed care organization.
outside the united states, numerous major markets, including the eu and japan, have pervasive government involvement in funding health care and, in that regard, fix the pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical and vaccine products. consequently, in those markets, the company is subject to government decision making and budgetary actions with respect to its products.
the company expects pricing pressures to increase in the future.
the health care industry in the united states will continue to be subject to increasing regulation and political action.
the company believes that the health care industry will continue to be subject to increasing regulation as well as political and legal action, as future proposals to reform the health care system are considered by congress and state legislatures.
in 2010, the united states enacted major health care reform legislation (the patient protection and affordable care act). various insurance market reforms have advanced and state and federal insurance exchanges were launched in 2014. by the end of the decade, the law is expected to expand access to health care to about 32 million americans who did not previously have insurance coverage. with respect to the effect of the law on the pharmaceutical industry, the law increased the mandated medicaid rebate from 15.1% to 23.1%, expanded the rebate to medicaid managed care utilization, and increased the types of entities eligible for the federal 340b drug discount program.
the law also requires pharmaceutical manufacturers to pay a 50% point of service discount to medicare part d beneficiaries when they are in the medicare part d coverage gap (i.e., the so-called "donut hole"). also, pharmaceutical manufacturers are now required to pay an annual non-tax deductible health care reform fee. the total annual industry fee was $3.0 billion in 2015 and will remain $3.0 billion in 2016. the fee is assessed on each company in proportion to its share of prior year branded pharmaceutical sales to certain government programs, such as medicare and medicaid.
on january 21, 2016, the centers for medicare & medicaid services issued the medicaid rebate final rule that implements provisions of the patient protection and affordable care act effective april 1, 2016. the rule provides comprehensive guidance on the calculation of average manufacturer price and best price; two metrics utilized to determine the rebates drug manufacturers are required to pay to state medicaid programs. merck is still evaluating the rule to determine whether it will have a material impact on merck's medicaid rebate liability.
the company cannot predict the likelihood of future changes in the health care industry in general, or the pharmaceutical industry in particular, or what impact they may have on the company's results of operations, financial condition or business.
the uncertainty in global economic conditions together with austerity measures being taken by certain governments could negatively affect the company's operating results.
the uncertainty in global economic conditions may result in a further slowdown to the global economy that could affect the company's business by reducing the prices that drug wholesalers and retailers, hospitals, government agencies and managed health care providers may be able or willing to pay for the company's products or by reducing the demand for the company's products, which could in turn negatively impact the company's sales and result in a material adverse effect on the company's business, cash flow, results of operations, financial position and prospects.
global efforts toward health care cost containment continue to exert pressure on product pricing and market access. in many international markets, government-mandated pricing actions have reduced prices of generic and patented drugs. in addition, other austerity measures negatively affected the company's revenue performance in 2015. the company anticipates these pricing actions, including the biennial price reductions in japan that will occur again in 2016, and other austerity measures will continue to negatively affect revenue performance in 2016.
if credit and economic conditions worsen, the resulting economic and currency impacts in the affected markets and globally could have a material adverse effect on the company's results.
the company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material negative impact on the company's results of operations.
the extent of the company's operations outside the united states is significant. risks inherent in conducting a global business include:
•   changes in medical reimbursement policies and programs and pricing restrictions in key markets;
•   multiple regulatory requirements that could restrict the company's ability to manufacture and sell its products in key markets;
•   trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;
•   foreign exchange fluctuations;
•   diminished protection of intellectual property in some countries; and in addition, there may be changes to the company's business and political position if there is instability, disruption or destruction in a significant geographic region, regardless of cause, including war, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest; and natural or man-made disasters, including famine, flood, fire, earthquake, storm or disease.
in the past, the company has experienced difficulties and delays in manufacturing of certain of its products.
as previously disclosed, merck has, in the past, experienced difficulties in manufacturing certain of its vaccines and other products. the company may, in the future, experience difficulties and delays inherent in manufacturing its products, such as (i) failure of the company or any of its vendors or suppliers to comply with current good manufacturing practices and other applicable regulations and quality assurance guidelines that could lead to manufacturing shutdowns, product shortages and delays in product manufacturing; (ii) construction delays related to the construction of new facilities or the expansion of existing facilities, including those intended to support future demand for the company's products; and (iii) other manufacturing or distribution problems including changes in manufacturing production sites and limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements, changes in types of products produced, or physical limitations that could impact continuous supply. manufacturing difficulties can result in product shortages, leading to lost sales and reputational harm to the company.
the company may not be able to realize the expected benefits of its investments in emerging markets.
the company has been taking steps to increase its sales in emerging markets. however, there is no guarantee that the company's efforts to expand sales in these markets will succeed. some countries within emerging markets may be especially vulnerable to periods of global financial instability or may have very limited resources to spend on health care. in order for the company to successfully implement its emerging markets strategy, it must attract and retain qualified personnel. the company may also be required to increase its reliance on third-party agents within less developed markets. in addition, many of these countries have currencies that fluctuate substantially and if such currencies devalue and the company cannot offset the devaluations, the company's financial performance within such countries could be adversely affected.
in addition, in china, commercial and economic conditions may adversely affect the company's growth prospects in that market. while the company continues to believe that china represents an important growth opportunity, these events, coupled with heightened scrutiny of the health care industry, may continue to have an impact on product pricing and market access generally. the company anticipates that the reported inquiries made by various governmental authorities involving multinational pharmaceutical companies in china may continue.
for all these reasons, sales within emerging markets carry significant risks. however, a failure to continue to expand the company's business in emerging markets could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of the company's operations.
the company is exposed to market risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates.
the company operates in multiple jurisdictions and virtually all sales are denominated in currencies of the local jurisdiction. additionally, the company has entered and will enter into acquisition, licensing, borrowings or other financial transactions that may give rise to currency and interest rate exposure.
since the company cannot, with certainty, foresee and mitigate against such adverse fluctuations, fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates could negatively affect the company's results of operations, financial position and cash flows as occurred with respect to venezuela in 2015.
in order to mitigate against the adverse impact of these market fluctuations, the company will from time to time enter into hedging agreements. while hedging agreements, such as currency options and interest rate swaps, may limit some of the exposure to exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations, such attempts to mitigate these risks may be costly and not always successful.
the company is subject to evolving and complex tax laws, which may result in additional liabilities that may affect results of operations.
the company is subject to evolving and complex tax laws in the jurisdictions in which it operates. significant judgment is required for determining the company's tax liabilities, and the company's tax returns are periodically examined by various tax authorities. the company believes that its accrual for tax contingencies is adequate for all open years based on past experience, interpretations of tax law, and judgments about potential actions by tax authorities; however, due to the complexity of tax contingencies, the ultimate resolution of any tax matters may result in payments greater or less than amounts accrued.
in march 2014, president obama's administration re-proposed significant changes to the u.s. international tax laws, including changes that would tax companies on "excess returns" attributable to certain offshore intangible assets, limit u.s. tax deductions for expenses related to un-repatriated foreign-source income and modify the u.s. foreign tax credit rules. other potentially significant changes to the u.s. international laws, including a move toward a territorial tax system and taxing currently the accumulated unrepatriated foreign earnings of controlled foreign corporations, have been set out by various congressional committees. the company cannot determine whether these proposals will be enacted into law or what, if any, changes may be made to such proposals prior to their being enacted into law. if these or other changes to the u.s. international tax laws are enacted, they could have a significant impact on the financial results of the company.
in addition, the company may be affected by changes in tax laws, including tax rate changes, changes to the laws related to the remittance of foreign earnings (deferral), or other limitations impacting the u.s. tax treatment of foreign earnings, new tax laws, and revised tax law interpretations in domestic and foreign jurisdictions.
pharmaceutical products can develop unexpected safety or efficacy concerns.
unexpected safety or efficacy concerns can arise with respect to marketed products, whether or not scientifically justified, leading to product recalls, withdrawals, or declining sales, as well as product liability, consumer fraud and/or other claims, including potential civil or criminal governmental actions.
reliance on third party relationships and outsourcing arrangements could adversely affect the company's business.
the company depends on third parties, including suppliers, alliances with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and third party service providers, for key aspects of its business including development, manufacture and commercialization of its products and support for its information technology systems. failure of these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory and other obligations to the company or the development of factors that materially disrupt the relationships between the company and these third parties could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated information technology and infrastructure.
the company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated information technology and infrastructure. a significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure, by the company's workforce, others with authorized access to the company's systems, or unauthorized persons could negatively impact operations. the ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination, intentional destruction of confidential information stored in the company's systems or in non-encrypted portable media or storage devices. the company could also experience a business interruption, intentional theft of confidential information, or reputational damage from espionage attacks, malware or other cyber-attacks, or insider threat attacks, which may compromise the company's system infrastructure or lead to data leakage, either internally or at the company's third-party providers. although the aggregate impact on the company's operations and financial condition has not been material to date, the company has been the target of events of this nature and expects them to continue. the company monitors its data, information technology and personnel usage of company systems to reduce these risks and continues to do so on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. there can be no assurance that the company's efforts to protect its data and systems will prevent service interruption or the loss of critical or sensitive information from the company's or the company's third party providers' databases or systems that could result in financial, legal, business or reputational harm to the company.
negative events in the animal health industry could have a negative impact on future results of operations.
future sales of key animal health products could be adversely affected by a number of risk factors including certain risks that are specific to the animal health business. for example, the outbreak of disease carried by animals, such as bovine spongiform encephalopathy or mad cow disease, could lead to their widespread death and precautionary destruction as well as the reduced consumption and demand for animals, which could adversely impact the company's results of operations. also, the outbreak of any highly contagious diseases near the company's main production sites could require the company to immediately halt production of vaccines at such sites or force the company to incur substantial expenses in procuring raw materials or vaccines elsewhere. other risks specific to animal health include epidemics and pandemics, government procurement and pricing practices, weather and global agribusiness economic events. as the animal health segment of the company's business becomes more significant, the impact of any such events on future results of operations would also become more significant.
biologics carry unique risks and uncertainties, which could have a negative impact on future results of operations.
the successful development, testing, manufacturing and commercialization of biologics, particularly human and animal health vaccines, is a long, expensive and uncertain process. there are unique risks and uncertainties with biologics, including:
•   there may be limited access to and supply of normal and diseased tissue samples, cell lines, pathogens, bacteria, viral strains and other biological materials. in addition, government regulations in multiple jurisdictions, such as the united states and the eu, could result in restricted access to, or transport or use of, such materials. if the company loses access to sufficient sources of such materials, or if tighter restrictions are imposed on the use of such materials, the company may not be able to conduct research activities as planned and may incur additional development costs.
•   the development, manufacturing and marketing of biologics are subject to regulation by the fda, the ema and other regulatory bodies. these regulations are often more complex and extensive than the regulations applicable to other pharmaceutical products. for example, in the united states, a bla, including both preclinical and clinical trial data and extensive data regarding the manufacturing procedures, is required for human vaccine candidates and fda approval is required for the release of each manufactured commercial lot.
•   manufacturing biologics, especially in large quantities, is often complex and may require the use of innovative technologies to handle living micro-organisms. each lot of an approved biologic must undergo thorough testing for identity, strength, quality, purity and potency. manufacturing biologics requires facilities specifically designed for and validated for this purpose, and sophisticated quality assurance and quality control procedures are necessary. slight deviations anywhere in the manufacturing process, including filling, labeling, packaging, storage and shipping and quality control and testing, may result in lot failures, product recalls or spoilage. when changes are made to the manufacturing process, the company may be required to provide pre-clinical and clinical data showing the comparable identity, strength, quality, purity or potency of the products before and after such changes.
•   biologics are frequently costly to manufacture because production ingredients are derived from living animal or plant material, and most biologics cannot be made synthetically. in particular, keeping up with the demand for vaccines may be difficult due to the complexity of producing vaccines.
•   the use of biologically derived ingredients can lead to allegations of harm, including infections or allergic reactions, or closure of product facilities due to possible contamination. any of these events could result in substantial costs.
as a result of a number of factors, product liability insurance has become less available while the cost has increased significantly. with respect to product liability, the company self-insures substantially all of its risk, as the availability of commercial insurance has become more restrictive. the company has evaluated its risks and has determined that the cost of obtaining product liability insurance outweighs the likely benefits of the coverage that is available and, as such, has no insurance for certain product liabilities effective august 1, 2004, including liability for legacy merck products first sold after that date. the company will continually assess the most efficient means to address its risk; however, there can be no guarantee that insurance coverage will be obtained or, if obtained, will be sufficient to fully cover product liabilities that may arise.
changes in laws and regulations could adversely affect the company's business.
all aspects of the company's business, including research and development, manufacturing, marketing, pricing, sales, litigation and intellectual property rights, are subject to extensive legislation and regulation. changes in applicable federal and state laws and agency regulations could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
social media platforms present risks and challenges.
the inappropriate and/or unauthorized use of certain media vehicles could cause brand damage or information leakage or could lead to legal implications, including from the improper collection and/or dissemination of personally identifiable information. in addition, negative or inaccurate posts or comments about the company on any social networking web site could damage the company's reputation, brand image and goodwill. further, the disclosure of non-public company-sensitive information by the company's workforce or others through external media channels could lead to information loss. although there is an internal company social media policy that guides employees on appropriate personal and professional use of social media about the company, the processes in place may not completely secure and protect information. identifying new points of entry as social media continues to expand presents new challenges.
cautionary factors that may affect future results
(cautionary statements under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995)
this report and other written reports and oral statements made from time to time by the company may contain so-called "forward-looking statements," all of which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the statements. one can identify these forward-looking statements by their use of words such as "anticipates," "expects," "plans," "will," "estimates," "forecasts," "projects" and other words of similar meaning. one can also identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. these statements are likely to address the company's growth strategy, financial results, product development, product approvals, product potential, and development programs. one must carefully consider any such statement and should understand that many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the company's forward-looking statements. these factors include inaccurate assumptions and a broad variety of other risks and uncertainties, including some that are known and some that are not. no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed and actual future results may vary materially. the company does not assume the obligation to update any forward-looking statement. the company cautions you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. although it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors, they may include the following:
•increased "brand" competition in therapeutic areas important to the company's long-term business performance.
•the difficulties and uncertainties inherent in new product development. the outcome of the lengthy and complex process of new product development is inherently uncertain. a drug candidate can fail at any stage of the process and one or more late-stage product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval. new product candidates may appear promising in development but fail to reach the market because of efficacy or safety concerns, the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals, the difficulty or excessive cost to manufacture and/or the infringement of patents or intellectual property rights of others. furthermore, the sales of new products may prove to be disappointing and fail to reach anticipated levels.
•pricing pressures, both in the united states and abroad, including rules and practices of managed care groups, judicial decisions and governmental laws and regulations related to medicare, medicaid and health care reform, pharmaceutical reimbursement and pricing in general.
•changes in government laws and regulations, including laws governing intellectual property, and the enforcement thereof affecting the company's business.
•efficacy or safety concerns with respect to marketed products, whether or not scientifically justified, leading to product recalls, withdrawals or declining sales.
•significant changes in customer relationships or changes in the behavior and spending patterns of purchasers of health care products and services, including delaying medical procedures, rationing prescription medications, reducing the frequency of physician visits and foregoing health care insurance coverage.
•legal factors, including product liability claims, antitrust litigation and governmental investigations, including tax disputes, environmental concerns and patent disputes with branded and generic competitors, any of which could preclude commercialization of products or negatively affect the profitability of existing products.
•lost market opportunity resulting from delays and uncertainties in the approval process of the fda and foreign regulatory authorities.
•increased focus on privacy issues in countries around the world, including the united states and the eu. the legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increasing amount of focus on privacy and data protection issues with the potential to affect directly the company's business, including recently enacted laws in a majority of states in the united states requiring security breach notification.
•changes in tax laws including changes related to the taxation of foreign earnings.
•changes in accounting pronouncements promulgated by standard-setting or regulatory bodies, including the financial accounting standards board and the sec, that are adverse to the company.
•economic factors over which the company has no control, including changes in inflation, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates.
this list should not be considered an exhaustive statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. see "risk factors" above.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
description of merck's business merck & co., inc. (merck or the company) is a global health care company that delivers innovative health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. the company's operations are principally managed on a products basis and are comprised of four operating segments, the pharmaceutical, animal health, alliances and healthcare services segments. the pharmaceutical segment is the only reportable segment. the pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the company or through joint ventures. human health pharmaceutical products consist of therapeutic and preventive agents, generally sold by prescription, for the treatment of human disorders. the company sells these human health pharmaceutical products primarily to drug wholesalers and retailers, hospitals, government agencies and managed health care providers such as health maintenance organizations, pharmacy benefit managers and other institutions. vaccine products consist of preventive pediatric, adolescent and adult vaccines, primarily administered at physician offices. the company sells these human health vaccines primarily to physicians, wholesalers, physician distributors and government entities. the company also has animal health operations that discover, develop, manufacture and market animal health products, including vaccines, which the company sells to veterinarians, distributors and animal producers. merck's alliances segment primarily includes results from the company's relationship with astrazeneca lp until the termination of that relationship on june 30, 2014. the company's healthcare services segment provides services and solutions that focus on engagement, health analytics and clinical services to improve the value of care delivered to patients. on october 1, 2014, the company divested its consumer care segment that developed, manufactured and marketed over-the-counter, foot care and sun care products.
overview during 2015, merck continued to execute its research and development focused-strategy, advance its pipeline and commercial portfolio while maintaining a disciplined approach to cost management and delivering capital returns to shareholders. the company received several product approvals in 2015 that include expanded indications for keytruda, the company's anti-pd-1 (programmed death receptor-1) therapy for the treatment of advanced melanoma and metastatic non-small-cell lung cancer (nsclc) in patients whose tumors express pd-l1 with disease progression following other therapies, as well as u.s. food and drug administration (fda) approval for bridion (sugammadex) injection, a medication for the reversal of two types of neuromuscular blocking agents used during surgery. additionally, in january 2016, the fda approved zepatier, a once-daily, single tablet combination therapy in the treatment of chronic hepatitis c virus (hcv) genotype (gt) 1 or gt4 infection, with or without ribavirin. business development is a critical part of the company's strategy as merck looks to combine internal and external innovation to enhance its pipeline. during 2015, merck acquired cubist pharmaceuticals, inc. (cubist), a leader in the development of new therapies to treat serious and potentially life-threatening infections caused by a broad range of increasingly drug-resistant bacteria, and ccam biotherapuetics ltd. (ccam), a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of novel cancer immunotherapies. also in 2015, merck entered into a multi-year collaboration with ngm biopharmaceuticals, inc. (ngm) to research, discover, develop and commercialize novel biologic therapies across a wide range of therapeutic areas. in january 2016, merck acquired iomet pharma ltd (iomet), a drug discovery company focused on the development of innovative medicines for the treatment of cancer, with a particular emphasis on the fields of cancer immunotherapy and cancer metabolism.
worldwide sales were $39.5 billion in 2015, a decline of 6% compared with 2014, including a 6% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange. the acquisition of cubist in 2015, the divestiture of merck's consumer care business (mcc) in 2014, as well as product divestitures and the termination in 2014 of the company's relationship with astrazeneca lp (azlp) had a net unfavorable impact to sales of approximately 3%. sales performance was also unfavorably affected by the ongoing impacts of the loss of market exclusivity for several products. these unfavorable impacts were partially offset by volume growth in oncology, diabetes, women's health and vaccine products, and positive performance from merck's animal health business.
merck continues to support its in-line portfolio, as well as ongoing and upcoming product launches. keytruda, initially approved by the fda in september 2014 for the treatment of advanced melanoma in patients with disease progression after other therapies, is launching in more than 40 markets, including in the european union (eu). in 2015, merck achieved multiple additional regulatory milestones for keytruda including accelerated approval from the fda for the treatment of patients with metastatic nsclc whose tumors express pd-l1 as determined by an fda-approved test and who have disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. in addition, the fda approved an expanded indication for keytruda to include the first-line treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. additionally, in 2015, the european commission (ec) approved keytruda for the treatment of advanced (unresectable or metastatic) melanoma in adults. the keytruda clinical trials program currently includes more than 30 tumor types in more than 200 clinical trials, including over 100 trials that combine keytruda with other cancer treatments (see "research and development" below). the company is also launching zepatier and bridion in the united states.
while the company continues to execute its strategy of pursuing business development opportunities to complement its internal research capabilities, as part of merck's prioritization efforts, the company also continues to review its existing assets to determine whether they can provide the best short- and longer-term value with merck or elsewhere. in connection with its portfolio assessment process, the company divested its remaining ophthalmics business in international markets during 2015. the company's portfolio assessment process is ongoing and future divestitures may occur.
merck is focusing its research efforts on the therapeutic areas that it believes can make the most impact on addressing critical areas of unmet medical need, such as cancer, hepatitis c, cardiometabolic disease, resistant microbial infection and alzheimer's disease. during 2015, the company continued to make strides in its late-stage pipeline. mk-6072, bezlotoxumab, is an investigational antitoxin for the prevention of clostridium difficile (c. difficile) infection recurrence that is currently under review with the fda and the european medicines agency (ema). mk-1293, an insulin glargine candidate for the treatment of patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes being developed in a collaboration, is also under review in the eu, as is zepatier. keytruda is under review in the eu for the treatment of nsclc.
in addition to phase 3 programs for keytruda in the therapeutic areas of bladder, breast, colorectal, gastric, head and neck, multiple myeloma, and esophageal cancers, the company also has more than 10 candidates in phase 3 clinical development in its core therapeutic areas, as well as other areas with significant potential, including mk-3102, omarigliptin, an investigational once-weekly dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (dpp-4) inhibitor in development for the treatment of adults with type 2 diabetes; mk-0822, odanacatib, an oral, once-weekly investigational treatment for patients with osteoporosis; mk-8835, ertugliflozin, an investigational oral sodium glucose cotransporter-2 (sglt2) inhibitor being evaluated alone and in combination with januvia (sitagliptin) and metformin for the treatment of type 2 diabetes; and mk-8237, an investigational allergy immunotherapy tablet for house dust mite allergy. merck expects to submit applications for regulatory approval in the united states for each of these candidates, as well as mk-1293 described above, in 2016.
as a result of continued portfolio prioritization, the company is out-licensing or discontinuing selected late-stage clinical development assets. during 2015, the company out-licensed mk-1602 and mk-8031, investigational small molecule oral calcitonin gene-related peptide (cgrp) receptor antagonists, which are being developed for the treatment and prevention of migraine.
the company continued to make strong progress in 2015 reducing its cost base. as a result of disciplined cost management, merck has achieved its overall savings goal in 2015 as noted below. the company has in turn invested its resources to grow its strongest brands and to support the most promising assets in its pipeline. marketing and administrative expenses declined in 2015 as compared with 2014 reflecting in part this continued focus by the company on prioritizing its resources to the highest growth areas.
in 2013, the company initiated actions under a global restructuring program (the 2013 restructuring program) as part of a global initiative to sharpen its commercial and research and development focus. the actions under this program primarily include the elimination of positions in sales, administrative and headquarters organizations, as well as research and development. additionally, these actions include the reduction of the company's global real estate footprint and improvements in the efficiency of its manufacturing and supply network. the company recorded total pretax costs of $527 million in 2015 and $1.2 billion in both 2014 and 2013 related to this restructuring program. the actions under the 2013 restructuring program were substantially completed by the end of 2015. the company has met its projected $2.0 billion in annual net cost savings for actions under the 2013 restructuring program. when the actions under the 2013 restructuring program are combined with the actions under the merger restructuring program (discussed below), the company has also met its annual net cost savings projection of $2.5 billion compared with full-year 2012 expense levels.
the global restructuring program (the merger restructuring program) that was initiated in 2010 subsequent to the merck and schering-plough corporation (schering-plough) merger (the merger) is intended to streamline the cost structure of the combined company. the actions under this plan include the elimination of positions in sales, administrative and headquarters organizations, as well as the sale or closure of certain manufacturing and research and development sites and the consolidation of office facilities. the company recorded total pretax costs of $583 million in 2015, $730 million in 2014 and $1.1 billion in 2013 related to this restructuring program. the non-facility related restructuring actions under the merger restructuring program are substantially complete.
beginning january 1, 2016, the remaining restructuring actions under both plans, which primarily relate to ongoing facility rationalizations, will be accounted for in the aggregate prospectively. the company expects to complete such actions by the end of 2017 and incur approximately $1.5 billion of additional pretax costs.
costs associated with the company's restructuring actions are included in materials and production costs, marketing and administrative expenses, research and development expenses and restructuring costs. the company estimates that approximately two-thirds of the cumulative pretax costs relate to cash outlays, primarily related to employee separation expense. approximately one-third of the cumulative pretax costs are non-cash, relating primarily to the accelerated depreciation of facilities to be closed or divested.
in november 2015, merck's board of directors raised the company's quarterly dividend to $0.46 per share from $0.45 per share. during 2015, the company returned $9.3 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
in january 2016, merck announced that it had reached an agreement with plaintiffs to resolve vioxx shareholder class action litigation pending in new jersey federal court. under the agreement, merck will pay $830 million to resolve the settlement class members' claims, plus an additional amount for approved attorneys' fees and expenses. in connection with the settlement, merck recorded a net pretax charge of $680 million in the fourth quarter of 2015, which includes anticipated insurance recoveries. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.
earnings per common share assuming dilution attributable to common shareholders (eps) for 2015 were $1.56 compared with $4.07 in 2014. eps in both years reflect the impact of acquisition and divestiture-related costs and restructuring costs, as well as certain other items, which in 2014 include an $11.2 billion gain recognized in connection with the divestiture of mcc. non-gaap eps, which excludes these items, were $3.59 in 2015 and $3.49 in 2014 (see "non-gaap income and non-gaap eps" below).
competition and the health care environment competition the markets in which the company conducts its business and the pharmaceutical industry in general are highly competitive and highly regulated. the company's competitors include other worldwide research-based pharmaceutical companies, smaller research companies with more limited therapeutic focus, generic drug manufacturers and animal health care companies. the company's operations may be adversely affected by generic and biosimilar competition as the company's products mature, as well as technological advances of competitors, industry consolidation, patents granted to competitors, competitive combination products, new products of competitors, the generic availability of competitors' branded products, and new information from clinical trials of marketed products or post-marketing surveillance. in addition, patent rights are increasingly being challenged by competitors, and the outcome can be highly uncertain. an adverse result in a patent dispute can preclude commercialization of products or negatively affect sales of existing products and could result in the recognition of an impairment charge with respect to intangible assets associated with certain products. competitive pressures have intensified as pressures in the industry have grown.
pharmaceutical competition involves a rigorous search for technological innovations and the ability to market these innovations effectively. with its long-standing emphasis on research and development, the company is well positioned to compete in the search for technological innovations. additional resources required to meet market challenges include quality control, flexibility to meet customer specifications, an efficient distribution system and a strong technical information service. the company is active in acquiring and marketing products through external alliances, such as licensing arrangements, and has been refining its sales and marketing efforts to further address changing industry conditions. however, the introduction of new products and processes by competitors may result in price reductions and product displacements, even for products protected by patents. for example, the number of compounds available to treat a particular disease typically increases over time and can result in slowed sales growth or reduced sales for the company's products in that therapeutic category.
the highly competitive animal health business is affected by several factors including regulatory and legislative issues, scientific and technological advances, product innovation, the quality and price of the company's products, effective promotional efforts and the frequent introduction of generic products by competitors.
health care environment and government regulation global efforts toward health care cost containment continue to exert pressure on product pricing and market access. in the united states, federal and state governments for many years also have pursued methods to reduce the cost of drugs and vaccines for which they pay. for example, federal laws require the company to pay specified rebates for medicines reimbursed by medicaid and to provide discounts for outpatient medicines purchased by certain public health service entities and hospitals serving a disproportionate share of low income or uninsured patients.
against this backdrop, the united states enacted major health care reform legislation in 2010 (the patient protection and affordable care act), which began to be implemented in 2010. various insurance market reforms have advanced and state and federal insurance exchanges were launched in 2014. by the end of the decade, the law is expected to expand access to health care to about 32 million americans who did not previously have insurance coverage. with respect to the effect of the law on the pharmaceutical industry, the law increased the mandated medicaid rebate from 15.1% to 23.1%, expanded the rebate to medicaid managed care utilization, and increased the types of entities eligible for the federal 340b drug discount program. the law also requires pharmaceutical manufacturers to pay a 50% point of service discount to medicare part d beneficiaries when they are in the medicare part d coverage gap (i.e., the so-called "donut hole"). approximately $550 million, $430 million and $280 million was recorded by merck as a reduction to revenue in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, related to the donut hole provision. also, pharmaceutical manufacturers are now required to pay an annual non-tax deductible health care reform fee. the total annual industry fee was $3.0 billion in 2015 and will remain $3.0 billion in 2016. the fee is assessed on each company in proportion to its share of prior year branded pharmaceutical sales to certain government programs, such as medicare and medicaid. the company recorded $173 million, $390 million and $151 million of costs within marketing and administrative expenses in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, for the annual health care reform fee. the higher expenses in 2014 reflect final regulations on the annual health care reform fee issued by the internal revenue service (irs) on july 28, 2014. the final irs regulations accelerated the recognition criteria for the fee obligation by one year to the year in which the underlying sales used to allocate the fee occurred rather than the year in which the fee was paid. as a result of this change, merck recorded an additional year of expense of $193 million in 2014. on january 21, 2016, the centers for medicare & medicaid services issued the medicaid rebate final rule that implements provisions of the patient protection and affordable care act effective april 1, 2016. the rule provides comprehensive guidance on the calculation of average manufacturer price and best price; two metrics utilized to determine the rebates drug manufacturers are required to pay to state medicaid programs. merck is still evaluating the rule to determine whether it will have a material impact on merck's medicaid rebate liability.
the company also faces increasing pricing pressure globally from managed care organizations, government agencies and programs that could negatively affect the company's sales and profit margins. in the united states, these include (i) practices of managed care organizations, federal and state exchanges, and institutional and governmental purchasers, and (ii) u.s. federal laws and regulations related to medicare and medicaid, including the medicare prescription drug improvement and modernization act of 2003 and the patient protection and affordable care act. changes to the health care system enacted as part of health care reform in the united states, as well as increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of medicare, medicaid, and private sector beneficiaries, could result in further pricing pressures. as an example, health care reform is contributing to an increase in the number of patients in the medicaid program under which sales of pharmaceutical products are subject to substantial rebates.
in addition, in the effort to contain the u.s. federal deficit, the pharmaceutical industry could be considered a potential source of savings via legislative proposals that have been debated but not enacted. these types of revenue generating or cost saving proposals include additional direct price controls in the medicare prescription drug program (part d). in addition, congress may again consider proposals to allow, under certain conditions, the importation of medicines from other countries. it remains very uncertain as to what proposals, if any, may be included as part of future federal budget deficit reduction proposals that would directly or indirectly affect the company.
efforts toward health care cost containment remain intense in several european countries. many countries have continued to announce and execute austerity measures, which include the implementation of pricing actions to reduce prices of generic and patented drugs and mandatory switches to generic drugs. while the company is taking steps to mitigate the impact in these countries, the austerity measures continued to negatively affect the company's revenue performance in 2015 and the company anticipates the austerity measures will continue to negatively affect revenue performance in 2016. in addition, a majority of countries attempt to contain drug costs by engaging in reference pricing in which authorities examine pre-determined markets for published prices of drugs by brand. the authorities then use price data from those markets to set new local prices for brand-name drugs, including the company's. guidelines for examining reference pricing are usually set in local markets and can be changed pursuant to local regulations.
in addition, in japan, the pharmaceutical industry is subject to government-mandated biennial price reductions of pharmaceutical products and certain vaccines, which will occur again in 2016. furthermore, the government can order repricings for classes of drugs if it determines that it is appropriate under applicable rules.
certain markets outside of the united states have also implemented other cost management strategies, such as health technology assessments, which require additional data, reviews and administrative processes, all of which increase the complexity, timing and costs of obtaining product reimbursement and exert downward pressure on available reimbursement.
the company's focus on emerging markets has increased. governments in many emerging markets are also focused on constraining health care costs and have enacted price controls and related measures, such as compulsory licenses, that aim to put pressure on the price of pharmaceuticals and constrain market access. the company anticipates that pricing pressures and market access challenges will continue in 2016 to varying degrees in the emerging markets.
beyond pricing and market access challenges, other conditions in emerging market countries can affect the company's efforts to continue to grow in these markets, including potential political instability, significant currency fluctuation and controls, financial crises, limited or changing availability of funding for health care, and other developments that may adversely impact the business environment for the company. further, the company may engage third-party agents to assist in operating in emerging market countries, which may affect its ability to realize continued growth and may also increase the company's risk exposure.
in addressing cost containment pressures, the company engages in public policy advocacy with policymakers and continues to work to demonstrate that its medicines provide value to patients and to those who pay for health care. the company advocates with government policymakers to encourage a long-term approach to sustainable health care financing that ensures access to innovative medicines and does not disproportionately target pharmaceuticals as a source of budget savings. in markets with historically low rates of health care spending, the company encourages those governments to increase their investments and adopt market reforms in order to improve their citizens' access to appropriate health care, including medicines.
operating conditions have become more challenging under the global pressures of competition, industry regulation and cost containment efforts. although no one can predict the effect of these and other factors on the company's business, the company continually takes measures to evaluate, adapt and improve the organization and its business practices to better meet customer needs and believes that it is well positioned to respond to the evolving health care environment and market forces.
the pharmaceutical industry is also subject to regulation by regional, country, state and local agencies around the world focused on standards and processes for determining drug safety and effectiveness, as well as conditions for sale or reimbursement.
of particular importance is the fda in the united states, which administers requirements covering the testing, approval, safety, effectiveness, manufacturing, labeling, and marketing of prescription pharmaceuticals. in some cases, the fda requirements and practices have increased the amount of time and resources necessary to develop new products and bring them to market in the united states. at the same time, the fda has committed to expediting the development and review of products bearing the "breakthrough therapy" designation, which appears to have accelerated the regulatory review process for medicines with this designation.
the eu has adopted directives and other legislation concerning the classification, labeling, advertising, wholesale distribution, integrity of the supply chain, enhanced pharmacovigilance monitoring and approval for marketing of medicinal products for human use. these provide mandatory standards throughout the eu, which may be supplemented or implemented with additional regulations by the eu member states. the company's policies and procedures are already consistent with the substance of these directives; consequently, it is believed that they will not have any material effect on the company's business.
the company believes that it will continue to be able to conduct its operations, including launching new drugs, in this regulatory environment.
operating results sales worldwide sales were $39.5 billion in 2015, a decline of 6% compared with 2014 including a 6% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange. the acquisition of cubist in 2015, the divestiture of mcc in 2014, as well as product divestitures and the termination of the company's relationship with astrazeneca lp (azlp) also in 2014, as discussed below, had a net unfavorable impact to sales of approximately 3%. in addition, sales performance in 2015 reflects declines in pegintron and victrelis, medicines for the treatment of hcv, remicade, a treatment for inflammatory diseases, pneumovax 23, a vaccine to help prevent pneumococcal disease, nasonex, an inhaled corticosteroid for the treatment of nasal allergy symptoms and vytorin, a cholesterol modifying medicine. these declines were partially offset by volume growth in keytruda, an anti-pd-1 therapy; januvia and janumet, for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, gardasil/gardasil 9, vaccines to help prevent certain diseases caused by certain types of human papillomavirus (hpv), noxafil, for the prevention of invasive fungal infections, simponi, a once-monthly subcutaneous treatment for inflammatory diseases, implanon/nexplanon, single-rod subdermal contraceptive implants, invanz, for the treatment of certain infections, dulera inhalation aerosol, a combination medicine for the treatment of asthma, and bridion, a medication for the reversal of two types of neuromuscular blocking agents used during surgery, as well as volume growth in animal health products and higher third-party manufacturing sales.
in january 2015, the company acquired cubist, which contributed sales of $1.3 billion to merck's revenues in 2015. in 2014, the company divested certain ophthalmic products in several international markets (most of which closed on july 1, 2014). in addition, on october 1, 2014, the company divested its mcc business including the prescription rights to claritin and afrin. the sales decline in 2015 attributable to these divestitures was approximately $1.9 billion of which $1.5 billion related to the consumer care segment and $400 million related to the pharmaceutical segment. also, in 2014, the company sold the u.s. marketing rights to saphris, an antipsychotic indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar i disorder in adults, which resulted in revenue of $232 million. additionally, the company's relationship with azlp terminated on june 30, 2014; therefore, effective july 1, 2014, the company no longer records supply sales to azlp. these supply sales were $463 million in 2014 through the termination date and were reflected in the alliances segment.
sales in the united states were $17.5 billion in 2015, an increase of 3% compared with $17.1 billion in 2014. the increase was driven primarily by the acquisition of cubist, as well as higher sales of keytruda, gardasil/gardasil 9, januvia/janumet, zetia, a cholesterol modifying medicine, and higher third-party manufacturing sales. these increases were partially offset by the 2014 divestiture of mcc, the termination of the company's relationship with azlp in 2014, revenue recognized in 2014 in connection with the sale of the u.s. marketing rights to saphris, as well as lower sales in 2015 of pneumovax 23 and nasonex.
international sales were $22.0 billion in 2015, a decline of 13% compared with $25.2 billion in 2014. foreign exchange unfavorably affected international sales performance by 11% in 2015. excluding the unfavorable effect of foreign exchange, the sales decrease reflects the divestiture of mcc, as well as lower sales in the pharmaceutical segment, largely reflecting declines in europe and japan, partially offset by growth in the emerging markets. sales in europe declined 19% in 2015, to $7.7 billion, including a 14% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange. excluding the unfavorable effect from foreign exchange, the decline was driven primarily by lower sales of remicade, as well as lower sales of products for the treatment of hcv and from product divestitures and ongoing generic erosion and fiscal austerity measures in this region, partially offset by growth in simponi, keytruda, and januvia/janumet. sales in japan declined 23% in 2015, to $2.6 billion, of which 11% was due to the unfavorable effect of foreign exchange. the sales decline was largely driven by product divestitures and the ongoing impacts of the loss of market exclusivity for several products, including cozaar and hyzaar, treatments for hypertension, as well as lower sales of pegintron and januvia.
sales in the emerging markets were $7.3 billion in 2015, a decline of 6% including an 11% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange. excluding the unfavorable effect of foreign exchange, sales performance reflects volume growth of diabetes, hospital acute care, oncology and certain diversified brand products, partially offset by lower sales of hcv products, as well as from product divestitures. total international sales represented 56% and 60% of total sales in 2015 and 2014, respectively.
global efforts toward health care cost containment continue to exert pressure on product pricing and market access worldwide. in the united states, health care reform is contributing to an increase in the number of patients in the medicaid program under which sales of pharmaceutical products are subject to substantial rebates. in many international markets, government-mandated pricing actions have reduced prices of generic and patented drugs. in addition, other austerity measures negatively affected the company's revenue performance in 2015. the company anticipates these pricing actions, including the biennial price reductions in japan that will occur again in 2016, and other austerity measures will continue to negatively affect revenue performance in 2016.
worldwide sales totaled $42.2 billion in 2014, a decline of 4% compared with $44.0 billion in 2013. foreign exchange unfavorably affected global sales performance by 1% in 2014. the decline reflects lower revenue resulting from the ongoing impacts of the loss of market exclusivity for several products, including temodar, a treatment for certain types of brain tumors, singulair, a once-a-day oral medicine for the chronic treatment of asthma and for the relief of symptoms of allergic rhinitis, and cozaar and hyzaar. in addition, the sales decline was attributable to product divestitures that occurred in 2014 and 2013 as discussed below, the termination of the company's relationship with azlp, as well as the divestiture of mcc. the revenue decline was also driven by lower sales of victrelis and pegintron, nasonex, and vytorin. these declines were partially offset by growth in remicade and simponi, the diabetes franchise of januvia/janumet, dulera inhalation aerosol, implanon/nexplanon, as well as higher sales from hospital acute care and animal health products. in addition, the company recognized revenue of $232 million in 2014 in connection with the sale of the u.s. marketing rights to saphris.
in october 2013, the company sold its active pharmaceutical ingredient (api) manufacturing business and, effective december 31, 2013, certain related products within diversified brands. in november 2013, merck sold the u.s. rights to certain ophthalmic products and in january 2014 sold the u.s. marketing rights to saphris. in addition, the company sold the u.s. rights to zioptan in april 2014. also in 2014, as noted above, the company divested certain ophthalmic products in several international markets and sold its mcc business. the sales decline in 2014 attributable to these divestitures was approximately $1.1 billion, of which approximately $575 million related to the pharmaceutical segment, $345 million related to the consumer care segment and $150 million related to the divested api manufacturing business (non-segment revenues). also, the termination of the company's relationship with azlp resulted in a sales decline of approximately $450 million in the alliances segment in 2014 compared with 2013.
sales of the company's products were as follows:
primary care and women's health cardiovascular zetia                                    $2,526              $2,650              $2,658
general medicine and women's health nuvaring                                    732                 723                 686
(1)   sales of cubicin in 2015 represent sales subsequent to the cubist acquisition date. sales of cubicin in 2014 and 2013 reflect sales in japan pursuant to a previously existing licensing agreement.
(2)   these amounts do not reflect sales of vaccines sold in most major european markets through the company's joint venture, sanofi pasteur msd, the results of which are reflected in equity income from affiliates which is included in other (income) expense, net. these amounts do, however, reflect supply sales to sanofi pasteur msd.
(3)   other pharmaceutical primarily reflects sales of other human health pharmaceutical products, including products within the franchises not listed separately.
(4)   represents the non-reportable segments of animal health, alliances and healthcare services, as well as consumer care until its divestiture on october 1, 2014. the alliances segment includes revenue from the company's relationship with azlp until termination on june 30, 2014.
(5)   other revenues are primarily comprised of miscellaneous corporate revenues, including revenue hedging activities, as well as third-party manufacturing sales. other revenues in 2014 also include $232 million received by merck in connection with the sale of the u.s. marketing rights to saphris. other revenues in 2013 reflect $50 million of revenue for the out-license of a pipeline compound.
pharmaceutical segment primary care and women's health cardiovascular combined global sales of zetia (marketed in most countries outside the united states as ezetrol ) and vytorin (marketed outside the united states as inegy), medicines for lowering ldl cholesterol, were $3.8 billion in 2015, a decline of 9% compared with 2014 including a 7% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange. the sales decline was driven primarily by lower volumes of ezetrol in canada where it lost market exclusivity in september 2014, as well as by lower volumes in the united states, partially offset by higher pricing in the united states. combined worldwide sales of zetia and vytorin were $4.2 billion in 2014, a decline of 3% compared with 2013. foreign exchange unfavorably affected global sales performance by 1% in 2014. the sales decline was driven primarily by lower volumes of vytorin in the united states and ezetrol in canada due to loss of market exclusivity.
in november 2014, merck announced that the investigational improve-it study (improved reduction of outcomes: vytorin efficacy international trial) met its primary and all secondary composite efficacy endpoints. in improve-it, patients taking vytorin - which combines simvastatin with zetia - experienced significantly fewer major cardiovascular events (as measured by a composite of cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, non-fatal stroke, re-hospitalization for unstable angina or coronary revascularization occurring at least 30 days after randomization) than patients treated with simvastatin alone. the results from this 18,144 patient study of high-risk patients presenting with acute coronary syndromes were presented at the american heart association 2014 scientific sessions. in april 2015, merck submitted the data from improve-it to the fda to support a new indication for reduction of cardiovascular events for vytorin and zetia. vytorin and zetia are currently indicated for use along with a healthy diet to reduce elevated ldl cholesterol in patients with hyperlipidemia. the current u.s. prescribing information for both products states that the effect of ezetimibe on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, alone or incremental to statin therapy, has not been determined. in february 2016, merck announced that the fda issued a complete response letter (crl) regarding merck's supplemental new drug applications. merck is reviewing the letter and will determine next steps. also, in february 2016, through a decentralized process, merck received a positive outcome of the mutual recognition procedure for updated product information for ezetrol and inegy based on the results of improve-it. following the completion of this procedure, the eu member states concerned will amend local labeling on a country by country basis to include the reduction of risk of cardiovascular events in patients with coronary heart disease and a history of acute coronary syndrome.
by agreement, a generic manufacturer may launch a generic version of zetia in the united states in december 2016. the u.s. patent and exclusivity periods for zetia and vytorin otherwise expire in april 2017. the company has market exclusivity for ezetrol in major european markets until october 2017; however, the company expects to apply for pediatric extensions to the term which would extend the date to april 2018. the company has market exclusivity for inegy in those markets until april 2019.
in may 2014, merck announced that the fda approved zontivity for the reduction of thrombotic cardiovascular events in patients with a history of myocardial infarction or with peripheral arterial disease. the u.s. prescribing information for zontivity includes a boxed warning regarding bleeding risk. in january 2015, zontivity was approved by the ec for coadministration with acetylsalicylic acid and, where appropriate, clopidogrel, to reduce atherothrombotic events in adult patients with a history of myocardial infarction. merck currently plans to begin launching zontivity in certain european markets in 2016. the company continues to monitor and assess zontivity and the related intangible asset. merck continues to focus on building product awareness in the united states for zontivity. if the company's efforts to build product awareness in the united states or the launches in europe are not successful, the company may take a non-cash impairment charge with respect to the zontivity intangible asset, which was $292 million at december 31, 2015.
diabetes worldwide combined sales of januvia and janumet, medicines that help lower blood sugar levels in adults with type 2 diabetes, were $6.0 billion in 2015, essentially flat as compared with 2014 including a 7% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange. sales performance reflects higher volumes and pricing in the united states, as well as volume growth in the emerging markets and europe. volume declines of co-marketed sitagliptin in japan due to the timing of sales to the licensee partially offset growth in 2015. combined global sales of januvia and janumet were $6.0 billion in 2014, an increase of 3% compared with 2013 including a 1% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange.
the growth was driven primarily by higher sales of both januvia and janumet in the united states and by volume growth in europe, partially offset by lower sales of januvia in japan due to lower pricing. in april 2014, all dpp-4 inhibitors, including januvia, were subject to repricing in japan.
in june 2015, merck announced the primary results of the trial evaluating cardiovascular outcomes with sitagliptin (tecos), a placebo-controlled study of the cardiovascular (cv) safety of merck's dpp-4 inhibitor januvia (sitagliptin), added to usual care in more than 14,000 patients. the study achieved its primary composite cv endpoint of non-inferiority (defined as the time to the first confirmed event of any of the following: cv-related death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, or hospitalization for unstable angina) compared to usual care without sitagliptin. in addition, there was no increase in hospitalization for heart failure and rates of all-cause mortality were similar in both treatments groups, which were two key secondary endpoints. these data were presented at the annual scientific meeting of the american diabetes association in june 2015.
in september 2015, merck announced that the japanese pharmaceuticals and medical devices agency approved marizev (omarigliptin) 25 mg and 12.5 mg tablets, an oral, once-weekly dpp-4 inhibitor indicated for the treatment of adults with type 2 diabetes. japan is the first country to have approved omarigliptin. other worldwide regulatory submissions will follow.
general medicine and women's health worldwide sales of nuvaring, a vaginal contraceptive product, were $732 million in 2015, an increase of 1% compared with 2014, and were $723 million in 2014, an increase of 5% compared with 2013. foreign exchange unfavorably affected global sales performance by 7% and 1% in 2015 and 2014, respectively. sales growth in both years largely reflects higher pricing in the united states.
worldwide sales of implanon/nexplanon, single-rod subdermal contraceptive implants, rose to $588 million in 2015, a 17% increase compared with 2014 including a 6% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange. the increase was driven primarily by higher demand in the united states and in the emerging markets. implanon/nexplanon sales grew 25% to $502 million in 2014 compared with 2013 driven primarily by higher demand in the united states.
global sales of dulera inhalation aerosol, a combination medicine for the treatment of asthma, grew 16% in 2015 to $536 million and increased 42% in 2014 to $460 million driven primarily by higher demand in the united states.
global sales of follistim aq (marketed in most countries outside the united states as puregon), a fertility treatment, were $383 million in 2015, a decline of 7% compared with 2014, reflecting a 9% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange that was offset by higher pricing in the united states. worldwide sales of follistim aq declined 14% to $412 million in 2014 compared with 2013 driven largely by lower pricing in the united states, as well as by lower sales in europe driven primarily by volume declines. foreign exchange unfavorably affected global sales performance by 1% in 2014. the patent that provided market exclusivity for follistim aq in the united states expired in june 2015.
hospital and specialty hepatitis worldwide sales of pegintron, a treatment for chronic hcv, were $182 million in 2015, a decline of 52% compared with 2014 including a 5% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange. the decline was driven by lower volumes in nearly all regions as the availability of newer therapeutic options continues to reduce market share. global sales of pegintron were $381 million in 2014, a decline of 23% compared with 2013 including a 3% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange. the decrease was driven by lower volumes in most regions as the availability of newer therapeutic options resulted in loss of market share or led to patient treatment delays in markets anticipating the availability of new therapeutic options.
global sales of victrelis, an oral medicine for the treatment of chronic hcv, were $18 million in 2015, a decline of 89% compared with 2014, driven by lower volumes in europe and the emerging markets as the availability of newer therapeutic options continues to reduce market share. worldwide sales of victrelis were $153 million in 2014, a decline of 64% compared with 2013, driven by lower volumes in nearly all regions, particularly within the united states, as the availability of newer therapeutic options resulted in loss of market share or led to patient treatment delays in markets anticipating the availability of newer therapeutic options.
in january 2016, the fda approved zepatier for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hcv gt1 or gt4 infection, with or without ribavirin. zepatier is a once-daily, fixed-dose combination tablet containing the ns5a inhibitor elbasvir (50 mg) and the ns3/4a protease inhibitor grazoprevir (100 mg). the fda previously granted two breakthrough therapy designations to zepatier, for the treatment of chronic hcv gt1 infection in patients with end stage renal disease on hemodialysis, and for the treatment of patients with chronic hcv gt4 infection. breakthrough therapy designation is given to investigational medicines for serious or life-threatening conditions that may offer substantial improvement over existing therapies. across multiple clinical studies, zepatier achieved high rates of sustained virologic response ranging from 94% to 97% in gt1-infected patients, and 97% to 100% in gt4-infected patients. sustained virologic response is defined as hcv rna levels measuring less than the lower limit of quantification at 12 weeks after the cessation of treatment, indicating that a patient's hcv infection has been cured. zepatier became available in the united states in february 2016. zepatier is under review in the eu.
hiv worldwide sales of isentress, an hiv integrase inhibitor for use in combination with other antiretroviral agents for the treatment of hiv-1 infection, were $1.5 billion in 2015, a decline of 10% compared with 2014 including an 8% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange. the decline was driven primarily by lower volumes in the united states and lower demand and pricing in europe due to competitive pressures, partially offset by higher volumes in latin america and higher pricing in the united states. global sales of isentress increased 2% in 2014 to $1.7 billion compared with 2013 primarily reflecting volume growth in europe and the emerging markets, particularly in latin america resulting from government tenders, partially offset by volume declines in the united states reflecting competitive pressures. foreign exchange unfavorably affected global sales performance by 1% in 2014.
hospital acute care in january 2015, merck acquired cubist, a leader in the development of therapies to treat serious infections caused by a broad range of bacteria. cubist's products include cubicin, an i.v. antibiotic for complicated skin and skin structure infections or bacteremia, when caused by designated susceptible organisms. sales of cubicin were $1.1 billion in 2015 subsequent to the acquisition. the u.s. composition patent for cubicin expires in june 2016 and significant losses of cubicin sales are expected to occur thereafter.
in many markets outside of the united states, cubicin is commercialized by other companies in accordance with distribution agreements established prior to merck's acquisition of cubist. in the fourth quarter of 2015, merck entered into agreements to reacquire the marketing rights to cubicin in certain international markets (including europe, latin america, australia, new zealand, china, south africa and certain other asia pacific countries).
cubist's products also include zerbaxa, a combination product approved by the fda in december 2014 for the treatment of adults with complicated urinary tract infections caused by designated susceptible gram-negative organisms or with complicated intra-abdominal infections caused by designated susceptible gram-negative and gram-positive organisms, and sivextro, a product approved by the fda in june 2014 for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (absssi) in adults caused by designated susceptible gram-positive organisms. sivextro was also approved by the ec in march 2015 for the treatment of absssi in adults. the company began launching sivextro in the second quarter of 2015. in september 2015, zerbaxa was approved by the ec for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections, acute pyelonephritis, and complicated urinary tract infections in adults. zerbaxa and sivextro are in phase 3 development in the united states for the treatment of hospital-acquired bacterial pneumonia and ventilator-associated bacterial pneumonia.
global sales of cancidas, an anti-fungal product, were $573 million in 2015, a decrease of 16% compared with 2014 reflecting a 12% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange and volume declines in certain emerging markets. worldwide sales of cancidas grew 3% in 2014 to $681 million compared with 2013 largely reflecting volume growth in the asia pacific region, particularly in china. foreign exchange unfavorably affected global sales performance by 1% in 2014.
worldwide sales of noxafil, for the prevention of invasive fungal infections, grew 21% in 2015 to $487 million and increased 30% in 2014 to $402 million driven by pricing and higher demand in the united states and volume growth in europe reflecting a positive impact from the approval of new formulations. foreign exchange unfavorably affected global sales performance by 12% in 2015.
sales of bridion, for the reversal of two types of neuromuscular blocking agents used during surgery, grew 4% in 2015 to $353 million and rose 18% in 2014 to $340 million driven by volume growth in the international markets where it is sold. foreign exchange unfavorably affected global sales performance by 19% in 2015 and 6% in 2014. bridion is approved and marketed in many countries outside of the united states. in december 2015, the fda approved bridion for the reversal of neuromuscular blockade induced by rocuronium bromide and vecuronium bromide in adults undergoing surgery.
immunology sales of remicade, a treatment for inflammatory diseases (marketed by the company in europe, russia and turkey), were $1.8 billion in 2015, a decline of 24% compared with 2014 including a 14% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange. in february 2015, the company lost market exclusivity for remicade in major european markets and no longer has market exclusivity in any of its marketing territories. the company is experiencing pricing and volume declines in these markets as a result of biosimilar competition. while the company has retained a majority of its existing patients, the company has lost market share as new patients are prescribed biosimilars. the company expects the remicade sales decline to accelerate throughout 2016. sales of remicade were $2.4 billion in 2014, an increase of 4% compared with 2013 reflecting sales growth in europe, partially offset by a decline in russia.
sales of simponi, a once-monthly subcutaneous treatment for certain inflammatory diseases (marketed by the company in europe, russia and turkey), were $690 million in 2015, essentially flat as compared with 2014, driven by higher demand in europe, reflecting in part an ongoing positive impact from the ulcerative colitis indication, which was offset by a 19% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange. sales of simponi grew 38% in 2014 to $689 million compared with 2013 driven by demand in europe reflecting in part a positive impact from the ulcerative colitis indication.
other products contained in hospital and specialty include among others, invanz for the treatment of certain infections; and primaxin, an anti-bacterial product.
oncology sales of keytruda, an anti-pd-1 (programmed death receptor-1) therapy, were $566 million in 2015 and $55 million in 2014. the increase primarily reflects higher sales in the united states, as well as in the emerging markets and europe as the company continues to launch keytruda. in september 2014, the fda granted accelerated approval of keytruda at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma and disease progression following ipilimumab and, if braf v600 mutation positive, a braf inhibitor. in december 2015, the company announced that the fda approved an expanded indication for keytruda to include the first-line treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma regardless of braf status. additionally, the fda approved an update to the product labeling for keytruda for the treatment of patients with ipilimumab-refractory advanced melanoma.
in addition, in october 2015, the fda granted accelerated approval of keytruda at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks for the treatment of patients with metastatic nsclc whose tumors express pd-l1 as determined by an fda-approved test and who have disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy across both squamous and non-squamous metastatic nsclc. patients with egfr or alk genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on fda-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving keytruda. in addition to approving keytruda for nsclc, the fda approved the first companion diagnostic that will enable physicians to determine the level of pd-l1 expression in a patient's tumor.
in july 2015, merck announced that the ec approved keytruda for the treatment of advanced (unresectable or metastatic) melanoma in adults. in october 2015, merck announced the national institute for health and care excellence (nice) of the uk issued a draft recommendation, in the form of a final appraisal determination, recommending keytruda as a first-line treatment option for adults with advanced melanoma. in addition, the nice issued final guidance recommending keytruda for the treatment of advanced melanoma after disease progression with ipilimumab.
the company has made additional regulatory filings in other countries and further filings are planned. the keytruda clinical development program includes studies across a broad range of cancer types (see "research and development" below).
global sales of emend, for the prevention of chemotherapy-induced and post-operative nausea and vomiting, were $535 million in 2015, a decline of 3% reflecting a 6% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange that was partially offset by higher pricing in the united states and volume growth in europe. worldwide sales of emend were $553 million in 2014, an increase of 9% compared with 2013 including a 1% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange, largely reflecting volume growth in most regions. in february 2016, merck announced that the fda approved a supplemental new drug application for single-dose emend for injection for the prevention of delayed nausea and vomiting in adults receiving initial and repeat courses of moderately emetogenic chemotherapy. with this approval, emend for injection is the first intravenous single-dose nk1 receptor antagonist approved in the united states for both highly emetogenic chemotherapy as well as moderately emetogenic chemotherapy.
sales of temodar (marketed as temodal outside the united states), a treatment for certain types of brain tumors, were $312 million in 2015, a decline of 11% compared with 2014, reflecting a 14% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange that was partially offset by growth in the emerging markets. global sales of temodar declined 51% to $350 million in 2014. foreign exchange unfavorably affected global sales performance by 3% in 2014. the sales decline in 2014 was driven primarily by generic competition in the united states, as well as in europe. by agreement, a generic manufacturer launched a generic version of temodar in the united states in august 2013. the u.s. patent and exclusivity periods otherwise expired in february 2014.
diversified brands merck's diversified brands include human health pharmaceutical products that are approaching the expiration of their marketing exclusivity or are no longer protected by patents in developed markets, but continue to be a core part of the company's offering in other markets around the world.
respiratory worldwide sales of singulair, a once-a-day oral medicine for the chronic treatment of asthma and for the relief of symptoms of allergic rhinitis, were $931 million in 2015, a decline of 15% compared with 2014 including a 10% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange. the sales decline in 2015 was driven primarily by lower volumes in japan and lower demand in europe as a result of generic competition. global sales of singulair were $1.1 billion in 2014, a decline of 9% compared with 2013 including a 5% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange, primarily reflecting lower sales in europe as a result of generic competition. the company has lost market exclusivity for singulair in the united states and in most major international markets with the exception of japan and expects generic competition in these markets to continue. the patent that provides market exclusivity for singulair in japan will expire in 2016. singulair sales in japan were $452 million in 2015.
global sales of nasonex, an inhaled nasal corticosteroid for the treatment of nasal allergy symptoms, were $858 million in 2015, a decline of 22% compared with 2014 including a 6% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange. the decline was driven primarily by lower volumes in the united states reflecting competition from alternative generic treatment options, as well as from supply constraints. the supply issue was resolved and nasonex became available again in october. in addition, lower volumes and pricing in europe from ongoing generic erosion also contributed to the nasonex sales decline. by agreement, generic manufacturers were able to launch a generic version of nasonex in most european markets on january 1, 2014 and generic versions of nasonex have since launched in most of these markets. accordingly, the company continues to experience volume and pricing declines in nasonex sales in europe. worldwide sales of nasonex decreased 18% to $1.1 billion in 2014 compared with 2013. foreign exchange unfavorably affected global sales performance by 2% in 2014. the sales decline was driven primarily by lower demand in the united states, as well as by lower volumes in europe and canada resulting from generic competition. in 2009, apotex inc. and apotex corp. (collectively, apotex) filed an application with the fda seeking approval to sell its generic version of nasonex. in june 2012, the u.s. district court for the district of new jersey ruled against the company in a patent infringement suit against apotex holding that apotex's generic version of nasonex does not infringe on the company's formulation patent. in june 2013, the court of appeals for the federal circuit issued a decision affirming the u.s. district court decision and the company has exhausted all of its appeal options. apotex has not yet launched a generic version of nasonex in the united states; however, if apotex's generic version becomes available, significant losses of u.s. nasonex sales could occur. u.s. sales of nasonex were $449 million in 2015.
other global sales of cozaar and its companion agent hyzaar (a combination of cozaar and hydrochlorothiazide), treatments for hypertension, declined 17% in 2015 to $667 million and decreased 20% in 2014 to $806 million. foreign exchange unfavorably affected global sales performance by 9% and 4% in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the patents that provided market exclusivity for cozaar and hyzaar in the united states and in most major international markets have expired. accordingly, the company is experiencing declines in cozaar and hyzaar sales and expects the declines to continue.
worldwide sales of ophthalmic products cosopt and trusopt were $61 million in 2015, $257 million in 2014 and $416 million in 2013. the declines were driven largely by the divestiture of cosopt and trusopt in many international markets in 2014. in addition, the sale of the u.s. rights to cosopt and cosopt pf in 2013 also contributed to the sales decline in 2014 as compared with 2013. in december 2015, the company divested its remaining ophthalmics portfolio in international markets to mundipharma ophthalmology products limited (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements).
other products contained in diversified brands include among others, clarinex, a non-sedating antihistamine; arcoxia for the treatment of arthritis and pain (which the company markets outside the united states); fosamax (marketed as fosamac in japan) and fosamax plus d (marketed as fosavance throughout the eu) for the treatment and, in the case of fosamax, prevention of osteoporosis; zocor, a statin for modifying cholesterol; and propecia, a product for the treatment of male pattern hair loss.
vaccines the following discussion of vaccines does not include sales of vaccines sold in most major european markets through sanofi pasteur msd (spmsd), the company's joint venture with sanofi pasteur, the results of which are reflected in equity income from affiliates included in other (income) expense, net (see "selected joint venture and affiliate information" below). supply sales to spmsd, however, are included.
merck's sales of gardasil/gardasil 9, vaccines to help prevent certain diseases caused by certain types of hpv, were $1.9 billion in 2015, an increase of 10% compared with 2014 including a 1% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange. sales growth was driven primarily by higher sales in the united states resulting from higher pricing and increased volumes reflecting the timing of public sector purchases, as well as increased government tenders in the asia pacific region, partially offset by declines in latin america due to both price and volume. gardasil 9, merck's 9-valent hpv vaccine, was approved by the fda in december 2014 for use in girls and young women 9 to 26 years of age. gardasil 9 includes the greatest number of hpv types in any available hpv vaccine. in december 2015, the fda approved an expanded age indication for gardasil 9, to include use in males 16 through 26 years of age for the prevention of anal cancers, precancerous or dysplastic lesions and genital warts caused by certain hpv types. merck's sales of gardasil were $1.7 billion in 2014, a decline of 5% compared with 2013 including a 2% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange. the decline reflects lower sales in asia pacific, japan and canada, partially offset by higher government tenders in brazil from the national immunization program, as well as higher public sector purchases in the united states. sales in 2014 and 2013 included $56 million and $37 million, respectively, of purchases for the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention (cdc) pediatric vaccine stockpile. the company is a party to certain third-party license agreements with respect to gardasil/gardasil 9 (including a cross-license and settlement agreement with glaxosmithkline). as a result of these agreements, the company pays royalties on worldwide gardasil/gardasil 9 sales of 17% to 25% which vary by country and are included in materials and production costs.
merck's sales of proquad, a pediatric combination vaccine to help protect against measles, mumps, rubella and varicella, were $454 million in 2015, $395 million in 2014 and $314 million in 2013. sales growth in 2015 as compared with 2014 was driven by higher sales in the united states reflecting increased volumes, which were driven in part by measles outbreaks in the united states, as well as higher pricing. the increase in 2014 as compared with 2013 was driven primarily by higher sales in the united states reflecting approximately $30 million of government purchases for the cdc pediatric vaccine stockpile.
merck's sales of m-m-r ii, a vaccine to help protect against measles, mumps and rubella, were $365 million in 2015, $326 million in 2014 and $307 million in 2013. sales growth in 2015 as compared with 2014 was driven by higher demand resulting from measles outbreaks in the united states and higher pricing.
merck's sales of varivax, a vaccine to help prevent chickenpox (varicella), were $686 million in 2015, $672 million in 2014 and $684 million in 2013. sales growth in 2015 as compared with 2014 reflects higher volumes in certain emerging markets and higher pricing in the united states, partially offset by lower volumes in the united states. sales performance in 2014 as compared with 2013 reflects lower sales in the united states largely offset by growth in the emerging markets.
merck's sales of zostavax, a vaccine to help prevent shingles (herpes zoster) in adults 50 years of age and older, were $749 million in 2015, a decline of 2% compared with 2014 including a 2% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange. sales performance in 2015 as compared with 2014 reflects lower volumes in the united states, partially offset by higher demand in canada and higher pricing in the united states. merck's sales of zostavax were $765 million in 2014, an increase of 1% compared with 2013, driven primarily by higher sales in the asia pacific region due to ongoing launches, partially offset by lower demand in the united states, as well as in canada. the company is continuing to educate u.s. customers on the broad managed care coverage for zostavax and the process for obtaining reimbursement. merck is continuing to launch zostavax outside of the united states.
merck's sales of rotateq, a vaccine to help protect against rotavirus gastroenteritis in infants and children, were $610 million in 2015, a decline of 7% compared with 2014 including a 3% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange. the decline was driven primarily by the effects of public sector purchasing in the united states. merck's sales of rotateq increased 4% in 2014 to $659 million compared with 2013 primarily reflecting higher sales in certain emerging markets.
merck's sales of pneumovax 23, a vaccine to help prevent pneumococcal disease, declined 27% in 2015 to $542 million compared with 2014 driven primarily by lower demand in the united states due to near term market dynamics and sales in the emerging markets. merck's sales of pneumovax 23 grew 14% in 2014 to $746 million compared with 2013 driven primarily by higher sales in japan from the national immunization program, as well as higher sales in the united states attributable to both price and volume. foreign exchange unfavorably affected sales performance by 2% and 3% in 2015 and 2014, respectively.
other segments the company's other segments are the animal health, alliances and healthcare services segments, which are not material for separate reporting. prior to its disposition on october 1, 2014, the company also had a consumer care segment which had sales of $1.5 billion in 2014 and $1.9 billion in 2013.
animal health animal health includes pharmaceutical and vaccine products for the prevention, treatment and control of disease in all major farm and companion animal species. animal health sales are affected by competition and the frequent introduction of generic products. global sales of animal health products were $3.3 billion in 2015, a decline of 4% compared with 2014 including a 13% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange. sales performance in 2015 reflects volume growth in companion animal products, driven primarily by higher sales of bravecto chewable tablets for dogs to treat fleas and ticks that began launching in europe and the united states in 2014, as well as volume growth in swine and aqua products. worldwide sales of animal health products totaled $3.5 billion in 2014, growth of 3% compared with 2013 including a 2% unfavorable effect from foreign exchange. the sales growth was driven primarily by higher sales of companion animal products, reflecting the launch of bravecto in europe and the united states, as well as higher sales of poultry and aqua products, partially offset by lower sales of zilmax, a feed supplement for beef cattle.
alliances the alliances segment includes results from the company's relationship with azlp. on june 30, 2014, astrazeneca exercised its option to buy merck's interest in a subsidiary and, through it, merck's interest in nexium and prilosec. as a result, as of july 1, 2014, the company no longer records equity income from azlp and supply sales to azlp, primarily relating to sales of nexium and prilosec, have terminated (see "selected joint venture and affiliate information" below). revenue from azlp was $463 million in 2014 through the june 30 termination date and $920 million in 2013.
($ in millions)                         2015          change   2014                   change                2013
marketing and administrative      10,313           -11     %          11,606        -3   %            11,911
research and development (1)       6,704            -7     %           7,180        -4   %             7,503
(1)   includes $63 million, $49 million and $279 million of ipr&amp;d impairment charges in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
materials and production materials and production costs were $14.9 billion in 2015, $16.8 billion in 2014 and $17.0 billion in 2013. costs include expenses for the amortization of intangible assets recorded in connection with business acquisitions which totaled $4.7 billion in 2015, $4.2 billion in 2014 and $4.7 billion in 2013. in addition, expenses for 2015 include $105 million of amortization of purchase accounting adjustments to cubist's inventories. costs in 2015, 2014 and 2013 also include intangible asset impairment charges of $45 million, $1.1 billion and $486 million, respectively, related to marketed products and other intangibles (see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements). the company may recognize additional non-cash impairment charges in the future related to intangibles that were measured at fair value and capitalized in connection with acquisitions and such charges could be material. additionally, costs in 2013 include a $41 million intangible asset impairment charge related to a licensing agreement. also included in materials and production are costs associated with restructuring activities which amounted to $361 million, $482 million and $446 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, including accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs related to the planned sale or closure of manufacturing facilities. separation costs associated with manufacturing-related headcount reductions have been incurred and are reflected in restructuring costs as discussed below.
gross margin was 62.2% in 2015 compared with 60.3% in 2014 and 61.5% in 2013. the amortization of intangible assets and purchase accounting adjustments to inventories, as well as the restructuring and impairment charges noted above reduced gross margin by 13.2 percentage points in 2015, 13.6 percentage points in 2014 and 12.8 percentage points in 2013. excluding these impacts, the gross margin improvement in 2015 as compared with 2014 was driven primarily by the favorable effects of foreign exchange and lower inventory write-offs, as well as the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures. the gross margin decline in 2014 as compared with 2013 was driven primarily by the unfavorable effects of inventory write-offs largely related to victrelis, as well as by changes in product mix, partially offset by the sale of the u.s. marketing rights to saphris.
marketing and administrative marketing and administrative expenses declined 11% in 2015 to $10.3 billion in 2015 largely reflecting the favorable effects from foreign exchange, the prior year divestiture of mcc, additional expenses in the prior year related to the health care reform fee as discussed below, lower restructuring costs, as well as lower selling costs, partially offset by higher promotional spending largely related to product launches, as well as higher costs related to the january acquisition of cubist and higher acquisition and divestiture-related costs. marketing and administrative expenses decreased 3% in 2014 to $11.6 billion driven primarily by lower selling costs and promotional spending, the divestiture of mcc and the favorable effects of foreign exchange, partially offset by an additional year of expense related to the health care reform fee, as well as higher acquisition and divestiture-related costs. expenses for 2015, 2014 and 2013 include restructuring costs of $78 million, $200 million and $145 million, respectively, related primarily to accelerated depreciation for facilities to be closed or divested. separation costs associated with sales force reductions have been incurred and are reflected in restructuring costs as discussed below. expenses also include $436 million, $234 million and $94 million of acquisition and divestiture-related costs in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, consisting of integration, transaction, and certain other costs related to business acquisitions, including severance costs which are not part of the company's formal restructuring programs, as well as transaction and certain other costs related to divestitures.
on july 28, 2014, the irs issued final regulations on the annual non-tax deductible health care reform fee imposed by the patient protection and affordable care act that is based on an allocation of a company's market share of prior year branded pharmaceutical sales to certain government programs. the final irs regulations accelerated the recognition criteria for the fee obligation by one year to the year in which the underlying sales used to allocate the fee occurred rather than the year in which the fee was paid. as a result of this change, merck recorded an additional year of expense of $193 million during 2014.
research and development research and development expenses were $6.7 billion in 2015, a decline of 7% compared with $7.2 billion in 2014 driven primarily by the favorable effects of foreign exchange, expenses recognized in the prior year to increase the estimated fair value of liabilities for contingent consideration, lower restructuring costs, a charge in the prior year related to a collaboration with bayer ag (bayer) and the prior year divestiture of mcc, partially offset by the acquisition of cubist, higher licensing costs and higher clinical development spending. research and development expenses declined 4% in 2014 to $7.2 billion compared with $7.5 billion in 2013 reflecting targeted reductions and lower clinical development spend as a result of portfolio prioritization, cost savings resulting from restructuring activities and lower acquired in-process research and development (ipr&d) impairment charges, partially offset by higher charges to increase the estimated fair value of liabilities for contingent consideration, higher restructuring costs and a charge related to a collaboration with bayer.
research and development expenses are comprised of the costs directly incurred by merck research laboratories (mrl), the company's research and development division that focuses on human health-related activities, which were approximately $4.0 billion in 2015, $3.7 billion in 2014 and $4.2 billion in 2013. also included in research and development expenses are costs incurred by other divisions in support of research and development activities, including depreciation, production and general and administrative, as well as licensing activity, and certain costs from operating segments, including the pharmaceutical and animal health segments, which in the aggregate were $2.6 billion, $2.8 billion and $2.9 billion for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. research and development expenses also include ipr&d impairment charges of $63 million, $49 million and $279 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively (see "research and development" below). the company may recognize additional non-cash impairment charges in the future for the cancellation or delay of other pipeline programs that were measured at fair value and capitalized in connection with acquisitions and such charges could be material. in addition, research and development expenses include expense or income related to changes in the estimated fair value measurement of liabilities for contingent consideration recorded in connection with acquisitions. during 2015, the company recorded a reduction of expenses of $24 million to decrease the fair value of liabilities for contingent consideration and during 2014 recorded a charge of $316 million to increase the estimated fair value of liabilities for contingent consideration (see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements). research and development expenses in 2015, 2014 and 2013 also reflect $52 million, $283 million and $101 million, respectively, of accelerated depreciation and asset abandonment costs associated with restructuring activities.
restructuring costs restructuring costs, primarily representing separation and other related costs associated with restructuring activities, were $619 million, $1.0 billion and $1.7 billion in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. costs in 2015, 2014 and 2013 include $363 million, $594 million and $898 million, respectively, of expenses related to the 2013 restructuring program. the remaining costs in 2015, 2014 and nearly all of the remaining costs recorded in 2013 related to the merger restructuring program. in 2015, 2014 and 2013, separation costs of $208 million, $674 million and $1.4 billion, respectively, were incurred associated with actual headcount reductions, as well as estimated expenses under existing severance programs for headcount reductions that were probable and could be reasonably estimated. positions eliminated under the 2013 restructuring program were approximately 2,535 in 2015, 4,555 in 2014 and 1,540 in 2013. positions eliminated under the merger restructuring program were approximately 1,235 in 2015, 1,530 in 2014 and 4,475 in 2013. these position eliminations are comprised of actual headcount reductions, and the elimination of contractors and vacant positions. also included in restructuring costs are asset abandonment, shut-down and other related costs, as well as employee-related costs such as curtailment, settlement and termination charges associated with pension and other postretirement benefit plans and share-based compensation plan costs. for segment reporting, restructuring costs are unallocated expenses. additional costs associated with the company's restructuring activities are included in materials and production, marketing and administrative and research and development as discussed above.
other (income) expense, net other (income) expense, net was $1.5 billion of expense in 2015 compared with $11.6 billion of income in 2014. the unfavorability was driven primarily by gains recognized in 2014, including an $11.2 billion gain related to the divestiture of mcc (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements), a $741 million gain related to astrazeneca's option exercise (see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements), a $480 million gain on the divestiture of certain ophthalmic products in several international markets (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements) and a $204 million gain related to the divestiture of the company's sirna therapeutics, inc. subsidiary (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements). the unfavorability was also driven by a $680 million net charge recorded in 2015 related to the settlement of vioxx shareholder class action litigation (see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements), foreign exchange losses of $876 million in 2015 related to the devaluation of the company's net monetary assets in venezuela (see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements), and lower equity income from azlp. partially offsetting the unfavorability of these items was a $628 million loss on extinguishment of debt in 2014 (see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements), a $250 million gain in 2015 on the sale of certain migraine clinical development programs (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements), a $147 million gain on the divestiture of the company's remaining ophthalmics business in international markets (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements), higher equity income from certain research investment funds, and a $93 million goodwill impairment charge in 2014 related to the company's joint venture with supera (see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements).
other (income) expense, net was $11.6 billion of income in 2014 compared with $411 million of expense in 2013 driven primarily by gains recognized in 2014 as noted above, lower foreign exchange losses due to a venezuelan currency devaluation in 2013, partially offset by charges recognized in 2014 related to the extinguishment of debt and goodwill impairment as noted above, as well as lower equity income from azlp in 2014.
segment profits pharmaceutical segment profits           $21,658             $22,164             $22,983
other non-reportable segment profits       1,659               2,458               3,049
segment profits are comprised of segment sales less standard costs, certain operating expenses directly incurred by the segment, components of equity income or loss from affiliates and certain depreciation and amortization expenses. for internal management reporting presented to the chief operating decision maker, merck does not allocate materials and production costs, other than standard costs, the majority of research and development expenses or general and administrative expenses, nor the cost of financing these activities. separate divisions maintain responsibility for monitoring and managing these costs, including depreciation related to fixed assets utilized by these divisions and, therefore, they are not included in segment profits. also excluded from the determination of segment profits are acquisition and divestiture-related costs, including the amortization of purchase accounting adjustments and intangible asset impairment charges, restructuring costs, taxes paid at the joint venture level and a portion of equity income. additionally, segment profits do not reflect other expenses from corporate and manufacturing cost centers and other miscellaneous income or expense. these unallocated items, including gains on divestitures, a net charge related to the settlement of vioxx shareholder class action litigation, the gain on astrazeneca's option exercise, foreign exchange losses related to the devaluation of the company's net monetary assets in venezuela, the loss on extinguishment of debt and an additional year of expense related to the health care reform fee, are reflected in "other" in the above table. also included in "other" are miscellaneous corporate profits (losses), as well as operating profits (losses) related to third-party manufacturing sales.
pharmaceutical segment profits declined 2% in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily reflecting the unfavorable effect of foreign exchange. pharmaceutical segment profits declined 4% in 2014 compared with 2013 driven primarily by the unfavorable effects of product divestitures and loss of market exclusivity for certain products, partially offset by cost savings from productivity measures. the declines in other segment profits in 2015 and 2014 reflect the termination of the company's relationship with azlp, as well as the divestiture of mcc.
taxes on income the effective income tax rates of 17.4% in 2015, 30.9% in 2014 and 18.5% in 2013 reflect the impacts of acquisition and divestiture-related costs and restructuring costs, partially offset by the beneficial impact of foreign earnings. the effective income tax rate for 2015 also reflects the favorable impact of a net benefit of $410 million related to the settlement of certain federal income tax issues, the impact of the net charge related to the settlement of vioxx shareholder class action litigation being fully deductible at combined u.s. federal and state tax rates and the favorable impact of tax legislation enacted in the fourth quarter of 2015, as well as the unfavorable effect of non-tax deductible foreign exchange losses related to venezuela (see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements). the effective income tax rate for 2014 reflects the impact of the gain on the divestiture of mcc being taxed at combined u.s. federal and state tax rates. in addition, the effective income tax rate for 2014 includes a net tax benefit of $517 million recorded in connection with astrazeneca's option exercise (see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements) and a benefit of approximately $300 million associated with a capital loss generated in connection with the sale of sirna (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements). the effective income tax rate for 2014 also includes the unfavorable impact of an additional year of expense for the non-tax deductible health care reform fee that the company recorded in accordance with final regulations issued in the third quarter by the irs. the effective income tax rate in 2013 reflects a net benefit of $165 million from the settlements of certain federal income tax issues, net benefits from reductions in tax reserves upon expiration of applicable statutes of limitations, the favorable impact of tax legislation enacted in the first quarter of 2013 that extended the r&d tax credit for both 2012 and 2013, as well as an out-of-period net tax benefit of approximately $160 million associated with the resolution of a previously disclosed legacy schering-plough federal income tax issue (see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements).
the company is under examination by numerous tax authorities in various jurisdictions globally. the ultimate finalization of the company's examinations with relevant taxing authorities can include formal administrative and legal proceedings, which could have a significant impact on the timing of the reversal of unrecognized tax benefits. the company believes that its reserves for uncertain tax positions are adequate to cover existing risks or exposures. however, there is one item that is currently under discussion with the irs relating to the 2006 through 2008 examination. the company has concluded that its position should be sustained upon audit. however, if this item were to result in an unfavorable outcome or settlement, it could have a material adverse impact on the company's financial position, liquidity and results of operations.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was $17 million in 2015, $14 million in 2014 and $113 million in 2013. the declines in 2015 and 2014 as compared with 2013 reflect in part the termination of the company's relationship with azlp and the resulting retirement of kbi preferred stock (see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements). in addition, the amount for 2014 includes the portion of intangible asset and goodwill impairment charges related to the company's joint venture with supera (see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements) that are attributable to noncontrolling interests.
non-gaap income and non-gaap eps non-gaap income and non-gaap eps are alternative views of the company's performance used by management that merck is providing because management believes this information enhances investors' understanding of the company's results. non-gaap income and non-gaap eps exclude certain items because of the nature of these items and the impact that they have on the analysis of underlying business performance and trends. the excluded items consist of acquisition and divestiture-related costs, restructuring costs and certain other items. these excluded items are significant components in understanding and assessing financial performance. therefore, the information on non-gaap income and non-gaap eps should be considered in addition to, but not in lieu of, net income and eps prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states (gaap). additionally, since non-gaap income and non-gaap eps are not measures determined in accordance with gaap, they have no standardized meaning prescribed by gaap and, therefore, may not be comparable to the calculation of similar measures of other companies.
non-gaap income and non-gaap eps are important internal measures for the company. senior management receives a monthly analysis of operating results that includes non-gaap income and non-gaap eps and the performance of the company is measured on this basis along with other performance metrics. senior management's annual compensation is derived in part using non-gaap income and non-gaap eps.
a reconciliation between gaap financial measures and non-gaap financial measures is as follows:
pretax income as reported under gaap                                                     $5,401             $17,283              $5,545
net charge related to the settlement of vioxx shareholder class action litigation           680                   -                   -
gain sale of certain migraine clinical development programs                                (250   )               -                   -
gain on the divestiture of certain ophthalmic products                                     (147   )            (480   )               -
gain on divestiture of merck consumer care                                                    -             (11,209   )               -
loss on extinguishment of debt                                                                -                 628                   -
additional year of expense for health care reform fee                                         -                 193                   -
taxes on income as reported under gaap                                                      942               5,349               1,028
estimated tax benefit (provision) on excluded items (1)                                   1,470              (2,345   )           1,573
net tax benefits from settlements of federal income tax issues                              410                   -                 325
tax benefits related to sale of sirna therapeutics, inc. subsidiary                           -                 300                   -
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests as reported under gaap             17                  14                 113
eps assuming dilution as reported under gaap                                              $1.56               $4.07               $1.47
(1)   amount for 2014 includes a net benefit of $517 million recorded in connection with astrazeneca's option exercise.
(2)   represents the difference between calculated gaap eps and calculated non-gaap eps, which may be different than the amount calculated by dividing the impact of the excluded items by the weighted-average shares for the applicable year.
acquisition and divestiture-related costs non-gaap income and non-gaap eps exclude the impact of certain amounts recorded in connection with acquisitions and divestitures. these amounts include the amortization of intangible assets and amortization of purchase accounting adjustments to inventories, as well as intangible asset impairment charges and expense or income related to changes in the estimated fair value measurement of contingent consideration. also excluded are integration, transaction, and certain other costs associated with business acquisitions, including severance costs which are not part of the company's formal restructuring programs, as well as transaction and certain other costs related to divestitures. these costs should not be considered non-recurring; however, management excludes these amounts from non-gaap income and non-gaap eps because it believes it is helpful for understanding the performance of the continuing business.
restructuring costs non-gaap income and non-gaap eps exclude costs related to restructuring actions (see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements). these amounts include employee separation costs and accelerated depreciation associated with facilities to be closed or divested. accelerated depreciation costs represent the difference between the depreciation expense to be recognized over the revised useful life of the site, based upon the anticipated date the site will be closed or divested, and depreciation expense as determined utilizing the useful life prior to the restructuring actions. restructuring costs also include asset abandonment, shut-down and other related costs, as well as employee-related costs such as curtailment, settlement and termination charges associated with pension and other postretirement benefit plans and share-based compensation costs. the company has undertaken restructurings of different types during the covered periods and, therefore, these charges should not be considered non-recurring; however, management excludes these amounts from non-gaap income and non-gaap eps because it believes it is helpful for understanding the performance of the continuing business.
certain other items non-gaap income and non-gaap eps exclude certain other items. these items represent substantive, unusual items that are evaluated on an individual basis. such evaluation considers both the quantitative and the qualitative aspect of their unusual nature and generally represent items that, either as a result of their nature or magnitude, management would not anticipate that they would occur as part of the company's normal business on a regular basis. excluded from non-gaap income and non-gaap eps in 2015 are foreign exchange losses related to the devaluation of the company's net monetary assets in venezuela (see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements), a net charge related to the settlement of vioxx shareholder class action litigation (see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements), a gain on the sale of certain migraine clinical development programs (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements), a gain on the divestiture of the company's remaining ophthalmics business in international markets (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements), as well as a net tax benefit related to the settlement of certain federal income tax issues (see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements). excluded from non-gaap income and non-gaap eps in 2014 are certain gains, including a gain on the divestiture of mcc (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements), a gain recognized in conjunction with astrazeneca's option exercise, including a related net tax benefit on the transaction (see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements), a gain on the divestiture of certain ophthalmic products in several international markets (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements), as well as a loss on extinguishment of debt (see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements), an additional year of expense related to the health care reform fee as discussed above, and a tax benefit from the sale of sirna and tax benefits from the settlements of certain federal income tax issues (see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements).
research and development a chart reflecting the company's current research pipeline as of february 19, 2016 is set forth in item 1. "business - research and development" above.
research and development update the company currently has several candidates under regulatory review in the united states or internationally.
keytruda is an fda-approved anti-pd-1 (programmed death receptor-1) therapy in clinical development for expanded indications in different cancer types. keytruda is currently approved for the treatment of melanoma, advanced melanoma and nsclc (see "pharmaceutical segment" above).
in december 2015, merck announced results from the pivotal keynote-010 study to evaluate the potential of an immunotherapy compared to chemotherapy based on prospective measurement of pd-l1 expression in patients with advanced nsclc. in the phase 2/3 study, keytruda significantly improved overall survival compared to chemotherapy in patients with any level of pd-l1 expression. based on these data, merck has submitted a supplemental biologics license application to the fda and has filed a marketing authorization application with the ema.
in november 2015, merck announced that the fda granted breakthrough therapy designation to keytruda for the treatment of patients with microsatellite instability high metastatic colorectal cancer. the fda's breakthrough therapy designation is intended to expedite the development and review of a candidate that is planned for use, alone or in combination, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition when preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints. keytruda was previously granted breakthrough therapy status for advanced melanoma and advanced nsclc.
the keytruda clinical development program consists of more than 200 clinical trials, including over 100 trials that combine keytruda with other cancer treatments. these studies encompass more than 30 cancer types including: bladder, colorectal, esophageal, gastric, head and neck, melanoma, multiple myeloma, non-small-cell lung, and triple negative breast, several of which are currently in phase 3 clinical development.
mk-6072, bezlotoxumab, is an investigational antitoxin for the prevention of c. difficile infection recurrence currently under review with the fda and ema. in january 2016, merck announced that the fda accepted for review the biologics license application (bla) for bezlotoxumab and granted priority review with a prescription drug user fee act action date of july 23, 2016. in september 2015, merck announced that the two pivotal phase 3 clinical studies for bezlotoxumab met their primary efficacy endpoint: the reduction in c. difficile recurrence through week 12 compared to placebo, when used in conjunction with standard of care antibiotics for the treatment of c. difficile. the company is also seeking approval in the eu and intends to file in canada in 2016. currently, there are no therapies approved for the prevention of recurrent disease caused by c. difficile.
mk-1293 is an insulin glargine candidate for the treatment of patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes being developed in collaboration with samsung bioepis. in december 2015, the company submitted an application for regulatory approval in the eu and plans to submit mk-1293 to the fda in 2016.
mk-5172a, zepatier, currently under review in the eu for the treatment of chronic hcv, is a once-daily, fixed-dose combination tablet containing the ns5a inhibitor elbasvir (50 mg) and the ns3/4a protease inhibitor grazoprevir (100 mg). zepatier was approved by the fda in january 2016 for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hcv gt1 or gt4 infection, with or without ribavirin.
v419 is an investigational pediatric hexavalent combination vaccine, dtap5-ipv-hib-hepb, under review with the fda that is being developed and, if approved, will be commercialized through a partnership of merck and sanofi pasteur. this vaccine is designed to help protect against six important diseases - diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis (whooping cough), polio (poliovirus types 1, 2, and 3), invasive disease caused by haemophilus influenzae type b (hib), and hepatitis b. on november 2, 2015, the fda issued a crl with respect to the bla for v419. both companies are reviewing the crl and plan to have further communication with the fda. in february 2016, the ec granted marketing authorization for v419 for prophylaxis against diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis, hepatitis b, poliomyelitis, and invasive disease caused by hib, in infants and toddlers from the age of 6 weeks. v419 will be marketed as vaxelis in the eu through spmsd, the company's joint venture with sanofi pasteur.
in addition to the candidates under regulatory review, the company has several drug candidates in phase 3 clinical development in addition to the keytruda programs discussed above. the company anticipates filing applications for regulatory approval with the fda with respect to certain of these candidates in 2016, including mk-1293 as noted above.
mk-0822, odanacatib, is an oral, once-weekly investigational treatment for patients with osteoporosis. osteoporosis is a disease that reduces bone density and strength and results in an increased risk of bone fractures. odanacatib is a cathepsin k inhibitor that selectively inhibits the cathepsin k enzyme. cathepsin k is known to play a central role in the function of osteoclasts, which are cells that break down existing bone tissue, particularly the protein components of bone. inhibition of cathepsin k is a novel approach to the treatment of osteoporosis. in september 2014, merck announced data from the pivotal phase 3 fracture outcomes study for odanacatib in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis. in the long-term odanacatib fracture trial (loft), odanacatib met its primary endpoints and significantly reduced the risk of three types of osteoporotic fractures (radiographically-assessed vertebral, clinical hip, and clinical non-vertebral) compared to placebo and also reduced the risk of the secondary endpoint of clinical vertebral fractures. in addition, treatment with odanacatib led to progressive increases over five years in bone mineral density at the lumbar spine and total hip. the rates of adverse events overall in loft were generally balanced between patients taking odanacatib and placebo. adjudicated events of morphea-like skin lesions and atypical femoral fractures occurred more often in the odanacatib group than in the placebo group. adjudicated major adverse cardiovascular events were generally balanced overall between the treatment groups. there were numerically more adjudicated stroke events with odanacatib than with placebo. adjudicated atrial fibrillation was reported more often in the odanacatib group than in the placebo group. a numeric imbalance in mortality was observed; this numeric difference does not appear to be related to a particular reported cause or causes of death. merck continues to collect data from the blinded extension study and is planning additional analyses of data from the trial, including an independent re-adjudication of major adverse cardiovascular events (mace), in support of regulatory submissions. merck plans to submit a new drug application (nda) to the fda for odanacatib in 2016 following completion of the independent adjudication and analysis of mace. merck also plans to submit applications to the ema and the ministry of health, labour, and welfare in japan.
mk-3102, omarigliptin, is an investigational once-weekly dpp-4 inhibitor in development for the treatment of adults with type 2 diabetes. in september 2015, the company announced that omarigliptin achieved its primary efficacy endpoint in a phase 3 study. omarigliptin was found to be non-inferior to januvia, at reducing patients' a1c (an estimate of a person's blood glucose over a two-to three-month period) levels from baseline, with similar a1c reductions achieved in both groups. the head-to-head study was designed to evaluate once-weekly treatment with omarigliptin 25 mg compared to 100 mg of januvia once daily. results were presented during an oral session at the 51st european association for the study of diabetes annual meeting. also, in september 2015, merck announced that the japanese pharmaceuticals and medical devices agency approved marizev (omarigliptin) 25 mg and 12.5 mg tablets. japan is the first country to have approved omarigliptin. merck plans to submit omarigliptin for regulatory approval in the united states in 2016. other worldwide regulatory submissions will follow.
mk-8835, ertugliflozin, is an investigational oral sglt2 inhibitor being evaluated for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in collaboration with pfizer inc. ertugliflozin is also being studied in combination with januvia (sitagliptin) and metformin. merck expects to submit applications for regulatory approval in the united states for ertugliflozin and the two fixed-dose combination tablets by the end of 2016.
mk-8237 is an investigational allergy immunotherapy tablet for house dust mite allergy that is part of a north america partnership between merck and alk-abello. merck plans to submit an nda to the fda for mk-8237 in the first half of 2016.
mk-8931, verubecestat, is merck's novel investigational oral ß-amyloid precursor protein site-cleaving enzyme (bace) inhibitor for the treatment of alzheimer's disease being studied in a phase 3 trial (apecs) designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of mk-8931 versus placebo in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment due to alzheimer's disease, also known as prodromal alzheimer's disease. mk-8931 is also being studied in another phase 2/3 randomized, placebo-controlled, study in patients with mild-to-moderate alzheimer's disease (epoch). the epoch study completed enrollment in the fourth quarter of 2015 and is estimated to reach primary trial completion in mid-2017.
mk-0859, anacetrapib, is an investigational inhibitor of the cholesteryl ester transfer protein (cetp) in development for raising hdl-c and reducing ldl-c. anacetrapib is being evaluated in a 30,000 patient, event-driven cardiovascular clinical outcomes trial sponsored by oxford university, reveal (randomized evaluation of the effects of anacetrapib through lipid-modification), involving patients with preexisting vascular disease, which is projected to conclude in early 2017. in november 2015, merck announced that the data monitoring committee (dmc) of the reveal outcomes study completed its planned review of unblinded study data and recommended the study continue with no changes. the dmc reviewed safety and efficacy data from the study, which included an assessment of futility. merck remains blinded to the actual results of this analysis and to other reveal safety and efficacy data. the reveal steering committee and merck will continue to monitor the progress of the study. no additional interim efficacy analyses are planned.
mk-7655a is a combination of relebactam, an investigational beta-lactamase inhibitor, and imipenem/cilastatin (an approved carbapenem antibiotic). the fda has designated this combination a qualified infectious disease product with designated fast track status for the treatment of hospital-acquired bacterial pneumonia, ventilator-associated bacterial pneumonia, complicated intra-abdominal infections and complicated urinary tract infections.
mk-8228, letermovir, is an investigational oral, once-daily antiviral candidate for the prevention and treatment of human cytomegalovirus infection. letermovir has received orphan drug status in the eu and in the united states, where it has also been granted fast track designation.
mk-8342b, referred to as the next generation ring, is an investigational combination (etonogestrel and 17β-estradiol) vaginal ring for contraception and the treatment of dysmenorrhea in women seeking contraception.
mk-0431j is an investigational fixed-dose combination of sitagliptin and ipragliflozin under development for commercialization in japan in collaboration with astellas pharma inc. (astellas). ipragliflozin, an sglt2 inhibitor, co-developed by astellas and kotobuki pharmaceutical co., ltd. (kotobuki), is approved for use in japan and is being co-promoted with merck and kotobuki.
v920 is an investigational rvsv-zebov (ebola) vaccine candidate being studied in large scale phase 2/3 clinical trials currently underway in west africa. in november 2014, merck and newlink genetics announced an exclusive licensing and collaboration agreement for the investigational ebola vaccine. in december 2015, merck announced that the application for emergency use assessment and listing (eual) for v920 has been accepted for review by the world health organization (who). according to the who, the eual process is designed to expedite the availability of vaccines needed for public health emergencies such as another outbreak of ebola. the procedure is intended to assist united nations' procurement agencies and member states on the acceptability of using a vaccine candidate in an emergency-use setting. eual designation is not prequalification by the who, but rather is a special procedure implemented when there is an outbreak of a disease with high rates of morbidity and/or mortality and a lack of treatment and/or prevention options. in such instances, the who may recommend making a vaccine available for a limited time, while further clinical trial data are being gathered for formal regulatory agency review by a national regulatory authority. the decision to grant v920 eual status will be based on data regarding quality, safety, and efficacy/effectiveness; as well as a risk/benefit analysis for emergency use. while eual designation allows for emergency use, the vaccine remains investigational and has not yet been licensed for commercial distribution.
v212 is an inactivated varicella zoster virus vaccine in development for the prevention of herpes zoster. the company is conducting two phase 3 trials, one in autologous hematopoietic cell transplant patients and the other in patients with solid tumor malignancies undergoing chemotherapy and hematological malignancies.
mk-1439, doravirine, is an investigational, once-daily oral next-generation non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor being developed by merck for the treatment of hiv-1 infection.
in july 2015, merck and allergan plc (allergan) entered into an agreement pursuant to which allergan acquired the exclusive worldwide rights to mk-1602 and mk-8031, merck's investigational small molecule oral cgrp receptor antagonists, which are being developed for the treatment and prevention of migraine (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements).
mk-4261, surotomycin, is an investigational oral antibiotic in development for the treatment of c. difficile associated diarrhea. merck acquired surotomycin as part of its purchase of cubist. during the second quarter of 2015, the company received unfavorable efficacy data from a randomized, double-blinded, active-controlled study in patients with c. difficile associated diarrhea. the evaluation of this data, combined with an assessment of the commercial opportunity for surotomycin, resulted in the discontinuation of the program and an ipr&d impairment charge in 2015 (see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements).
mk-2402, bevenopran, is an oral investigational therapy in development as a potential treatment for opioid-induced constipation in patients with chronic, non-cancer pain. merck acquired bevenopran as a part of its purchase of cubist. the company has made the decision not to continue development of this program and is seeking to out-license the asset.
mk-8962, corifollitropin alfa injection, is an investigational fertility treatment for controlled ovarian stimulation in women participating in assisted reproductive technology. in july 2014, merck received a crl from the fda for its nda for corifollitropin alfa injection. merck has made a decision to discontinue development of corifollitropin alfa injection in the united states for business reasons. corifollitropin alfa injection is marketed as elonva in certain markets outside of the united states.
the company maintains a number of long-term exploratory and fundamental research programs in biology and chemistry as well as research programs directed toward product development. the company's research and development model is designed to increase productivity and improve the probability of success by prioritizing the company's research and development resources on candidates the company believes are capable of providing unambiguous, promotable advantages to patients and payers and delivering the maximum value of its approved medicines and vaccines through new indications and new formulations. merck is pursuing emerging product opportunities independent of therapeutic area or modality (small molecule, biologics and vaccines) and is building its biologics capabilities. the company is committed to making externally sourced programs a greater component of its pipeline strategy, with a renewed focus on supplementing its internal research with a licensing and external alliance strategy focused on the entire spectrum of collaborations from early research to late-stage compounds, as well as access to new technologies.
the company also reviews its pipeline to examine candidates which may provide more value through out-licensing. the company continues to evaluate certain late-stage clinical development and platform technology assets to determine their out-licensing or sale potential.
the company's clinical pipeline includes candidates in multiple disease areas, including atherosclerosis, cancer, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, infectious diseases, inflammatory/autoimmune diseases, neurodegenerative diseases, osteoporosis, respiratory diseases and women's health.
acquired in-process research and development in connection with acquisitions, the company has recorded the fair value of in-process research projects which, at the time of acquisition, had not yet reached technological feasibility. at december 31, 2015, the balance of ipr&d was $4.2 billion. of this amount, $3.2 billion relates to the clinical development program for mk-3682, which the company acquired in 2014 with the acquisition of idenix pharmaceuticals, inc. (idenix).
during 2015, 2014 and 2013, approximately $280 million, $654 million and $346 million, respectively, of ipr&d projects received marketing approval in a major market and the company began amortizing these assets based on their estimated useful lives.
all of the ipr&d projects that remain in development are subject to the inherent risks and uncertainties in drug development and it is possible that the company will not be able to successfully develop and complete the ipr&d programs and profitably commercialize the underlying product candidates. the time periods to receive approvals from the fda and other regulatory agencies are subject to uncertainty. significant delays in the approval process, or the company's failure to obtain approval at all, would delay or prevent the company from realizing revenues from these products. additionally, if certain of the ipr&d programs fail or are abandoned during development, then the company will not realize the future cash flows it has estimated and recorded as ipr&d as of the acquisition date, and the company may also not recover the research and development expenditures made since the acquisition to further develop such program. if such circumstances were to occur, the company's future operating results could be adversely affected and the company may recognize impairment charges and such charges could be material.
during 2015, the company recorded $63 million of ipr&d impairment charges within research and development expenses. of this amount, $50 million relates to the surotomycin clinical development program obtained in connection with the acquisition of cubist. during 2015, the company received unfavorable efficacy data from a clinical trial for surotomycin. the evaluation of this data, combined with an assessment of the commercial opportunity for surotomycin, resulted in the discontinuation of the program and the ipr&d impairment charge noted above. during 2014, the company recorded $49 million of ipr&d impairment charges primarily as a result of changes in cash flow assumptions for certain compounds obtained in connection with the supera joint venture, as well as for the discontinuation of certain animal health programs. during 2013, the company recorded $279 million of ipr&d impairment charges. of this amount, $181 million related to the write-off of the intangible asset associated with preladenant as a result of the discontinuation of the clinical development program for this compound. in addition, the company recorded impairment charges resulting from changes in cash flow assumptions for certain compounds, as well as for pipeline programs that had previously been deprioritized and were subsequently deemed to have no alternative use in the period.
additional research and development will be required before any of the remaining programs reach technological feasibility. the costs to complete the research projects will depend on whether the projects are brought to their final stages of development and are ultimately submitted to the fda or other regulatory agencies for approval. as of december 31, 2015, the estimated costs to complete projects acquired in connection with acquisitions in phase 3 development for human health and the analogous stage of development for animal health were approximately $480 million.
acquisitions, research collaborations and license agreements merck continues to remain focused on pursuing opportunities that have the potential to drive both near- and long-term growth. certain of the more recent significant transactions are described below. merck is actively monitoring the landscape for growth opportunities that meet the company's strategic criteria.
in january 2016, merck acquired iomet, a privately held uk-based drug discovery company focused on the development of innovative medicines for the treatment of cancer, with a particular emphasis on the fields of cancer immunotherapy and cancer metabolism. total purchase consideration in the transaction included an upfront cash payment of $150 million and future additional milestone payments of up to $250 million that are contingent upon certain clinical and regulatory milestones being achieved. the acquisition provides merck with iomet's pre-clinical pipeline of ido (indoleamine-2,3-dioxygenase 1), tdo (tryptophan-2,3-dioxygenase), and dual-acting ido/tdo inhibitors. the company is in the process of determining the preliminary fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and total consideration transferred for this business acquisition. this transaction closed on january 11, 2016; accordingly, the results of operations of the acquired business will be included in the company's results of operations beginning after that date.
in july 2015, merck acquired ccam, a privately held biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of novel cancer immunotherapies. the acquisition provides merck with ccam's lead pipeline candidate, cm-24, a novel monoclonal antibody targeting the immune checkpoint protein ceacam1 that is being evaluated in a phase 1 study for the treatment of advanced or recurrent malignancies, including melanoma, non-small-cell lung, bladder, gastric, colorectal, and ovarian cancers. total purchase consideration in the transaction of $201 million included an upfront payment of $96 million in cash and future additional payments of up to $510 million associated with the attainment of certain clinical development, regulatory and commercial milestones, which the company determined had a fair value of $105 million at the acquisition date. the transaction was accounted for as an acquisition of a business; accordingly, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. merck recognized an intangible asset for ipr&d of $180 million and other net assets of $7 million. the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of net assets acquired of $14 million was recorded as goodwill that was allocated to the pharmaceutical segment and is not deductible for tax purposes. the fair value of the identifiable intangible asset related to ipr&d was determined using an income approach through which fair value is estimated based on the asset's probability-adjusted future net cash flows, which reflects the stage of development of the project and the associated probability of successful completion. the asset's probability-adjusted future net cash flows were then discounted to present value using a discount rate of 10.5%. the fair value of the contingent consideration was determined utilizing a probability-weighted estimated cash flow stream adjusted for the expected timing of each payment also utilizing a discount rate of 10.5%. actual cash flows are likely to be different than those assumed. this transaction closed on july 31, 2015; accordingly, the results of operations of the acquired business have been included in the company's results of operations beginning after that date.
in february 2015, merck and ngm, a privately held biotechnology company, entered into a multi-year collaboration to research, discover, develop and commercialize novel biologic therapies across a wide range of therapeutic areas. the collaboration includes multiple drug candidates currently in preclinical development at ngm, including np201, which is being evaluated for the treatment of diabetes, obesity and nonalcoholic steatohepatitis. ngm will lead the research and development of the existing preclinical candidates and have the autonomy to identify and pursue other discovery stage programs at its discretion. merck will have the option to license all resulting ngm programs following human proof of concept trials. if merck exercises this option, merck will lead global product development and commercialization for the resulting products, if approved. under the terms of the agreement, merck made an upfront payment to ngm of $94 million, which is included in research and development expenses, and purchased a 15% equity stake in ngm for $106 million. merck committed up to $250 million to fund all of ngm's efforts under the initial five-year term of the collaboration, with the potential for additional funding if certain conditions are met. prior to merck initiating a phase 3 study for a licensed program, ngm may elect to either receive milestone and royalty payments or, in certain cases, to co-fund development and participate in a global cost and revenue share arrangement of up to 50%. the agreement also provides ngm with the option to participate in the co-promotion of any co-funded program in the united states. merck will have the option to extend the research agreement for two additional two-year terms. each party has certain termination rights under the agreement in the event of an uncured material breach by the other party. additionally, merck has certain termination rights in the event of the occurrence of certain defined conditions. upon a termination event, depending on the circumstances, the parties have varying rights and obligations with respect to the continued development and commercialization of compounds discovered under the agreement and certain related payment obligations.
in january 2015, merck acquired cubist, a leader in the development of therapies to treat serious infections caused by a broad range of bacteria, for total consideration of $8.3 billion (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements). this transaction closed on january 21, 2015; accordingly, the results of operations of the acquired business have been included in the company's results of operations beginning after that date. the estimated fair values of identifiable intangible assets related to currently marketed products were determined using an income approach. the company's estimates of projected net cash flows considered historical and projected pricing, margins and expense levels; the performance of competing products where applicable; relevant industry and therapeutic area growth drivers and factors; current and expected trends in technology and product life cycles; the extent and timing of potential new product introductions by the company's competitors; and the life of each asset's underlying patent. the net cash flows were then probability-adjusted where appropriate to consider the uncertainties associated with the underlying assumptions, as well as the risk profile of the net cash flows utilized in the valuation. the probability-adjusted future net cash flows of each product were then discounted to present value utilizing a discount rate of 8%. actual cash flows are likely to be different than those assumed. the most significant intangible assets relate to zerbaxa, cubicin and sivextro.
the company recorded the fair value of incomplete research project surotomycin (mk-4261) which, at the time of acquisition, had not reached technological feasibility and had no alternative future use. the amount was capitalized and accounted for as an indefinite-lived intangible asset, subject to impairment testing until completion or abandonment of the project. the fair value of surotomycin was determined by using an income approach. the probability-adjusted future net cash flows were then discounted to present value using a discount rate of 9%. during the second quarter of 2015, the company received unfavorable efficacy data from a clinical trial for surotomycin. the evaluation of this data, combined with an assessment of the commercial opportunity for surotomycin, resulted in the discontinuation of the program and an ipr&d impairment charge.
in connection with the cubist acquisition, liabilities were recorded for potential future consideration that is contingent upon the achievement of future sales-based milestones. the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities was determined at the acquisition date using unobservable inputs. these inputs include the estimated amount and timing of projected cash flows, the probability of success (achievement of the contingent event) and a risk-adjusted discount rate of 8% used to present value the probability-weighted cash flows. changes in the inputs could result in a different fair value measurement.
selected joint venture and affiliate information astrazeneca lp in 1982, merck entered into an agreement with astra ab (astra) to develop and market astra products under a royalty-bearing license. in 1993, merck's total sales of astra products reached a level that triggered the first step in the establishment of a joint venture business carried on by astra merck inc. (ami), in which merck and astra each owned a 50% share. this joint venture, formed in 1994, developed and marketed most of astra's new prescription medicines in the united states.
in 1998, merck and astra completed the restructuring of the ownership and operations of the joint venture whereby merck acquired astra's interest in ami, renamed kbi inc. (kbi), and contributed kbi's operating assets to a new u.s. limited partnership, astra pharmaceuticals l.p. (the partnership), in exchange for a 1% limited partner interest. astra contributed the net assets of its wholly owned subsidiary, astra usa, inc., to the partnership in exchange for a 99% general partner interest. the partnership, renamed astrazeneca lp (azlp) upon astra's 1999 merger with zeneca group plc, became the exclusive distributor of the products for which kbi retained rights.
merck earned revenue based on sales of kbi products and such revenue was $463 million in 2014 and $920 million in 2013 primarily relating to sales of nexium, as well as prilosec. in addition, merck earned certain partnership returns from azlp of $192 million in 2014 and $352 million in 2013, which were recorded in equity income from affiliates.
on june 30, 2014, astrazeneca exercised its option to purchase merck's interest in kbi for $419 million in cash. of this amount, $327 million reflects an estimate of the fair value of merck's interest in nexium and prilosec. this portion of the exercise price, which is subject to a true-up in 2018 based on actual sales from closing in 2014 to june 2018, was deferred and is being recognized over time in other (income) expense, net as the contingency is eliminated as sales occur. during 2015 and 2014, $182 million and $140 million, respectively, of the deferred income was recognized bringing cumulative deferred income recognized through december 31, 2015 to $322 million. the remaining exercise price of $91 million primarily represents a multiple of ten times merck's average 1% annual profit allocation in the partnership for the three years prior to exercise. merck recognized the $91 million as a gain in 2014 within other (income) expense, net. as a result of astrazeneca's option exercise, the company's remaining interest in azlp was redeemed. accordingly, the company also recognized a non-cash gain of approximately $650 million in 2014 within other (income) expense, net resulting from the retirement of $2.4 billion of kbi preferred stock (see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements), the elimination of the company's $1.4 billion investment in azlp and a $340 million reduction of goodwill. this transaction resulted in a net tax benefit of $517 million in 2014 primarily reflecting the reversal of deferred taxes on the azlp investment balance.
as a result of astrazeneca exercising its option, as of july 1, 2014, the company no longer records equity income from azlp and supply sales to azlp have terminated.
sanofi pasteur msd in 1994, merck and pasteur mérieux connaught (now sanofi pasteur s.a.) established an equally-owned joint venture to market vaccines in europe and to collaborate in the development of combination vaccines for distribution in europe.
sales of joint venture products were as follows:
in march 2015, merck and simcere pharmaceutical co., ltd. (simcere) executed a restructuring agreement in which merck agreed to transfer its 51% ownership interest in the simcere msd (shanghai) pharmaceutical co., ltd. joint venture to simcere. as a result, merck deconsolidated the joint venture and recorded a net loss of $7 million in other (income) expense, net in 2015.
capital expenditures capital expenditures were $1.3 billion in 2015, $1.3 billion in 2014 and $1.5 billion in 2013. expenditures in the united states were $879 million in 2015, $873 million in 2014 and $902 million in 2013.
depreciation expense was $1.6 billion in 2015, $2.5 billion in 2014 and $2.2 billion in 2013 of which $1.1 billion, $2.0 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively, applied to locations in the united states. total depreciation expense in 2015, 2014 and 2013 included accelerated depreciation of $174 million, $900 million and $577 million, respectively, associated with restructuring activities (see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements).
analysis of liquidity and capital resources merck's strong financial profile enables it to fully fund research and development, focus on external alliances, support in-line products and maximize upcoming launches while providing significant cash returns to shareholders.
working capital                                $10,561             $14,208             $17,469
cash provided by operating activities was $12.4 billion in 2015, $7.9 billion in 2014 and $11.7 billion in 2013. the decline in cash provided by operating activities in 2014 as compared with 2013 reflects approximately $5.0 billion of taxes paid on the divestiture of mcc. cash provided by operating activities in 2013 includes a payment made by the company of $480 million in connection with the settlement of the enhance litigation. cash provided by operating activities continues to be the company's primary source of funds to finance operating needs, capital expenditures, a portion of treasury stock purchases and dividends paid to shareholders.
cash used in investing activities was $4.8 billion in 2015 compared with $374 million in 2014 primarily reflecting cash received in 2014 from the divestiture of mcc, higher cash received in 2014 from other dispositions of businesses and in connection with astrazeneca's option exercise, as well as cash used for the acquisition of cubist in 2015, partially offset by lower purchases of securities and other investments and higher proceeds from the sales of securities and other investments, cash used in 2014 for the acquisition of idenix and a cash payment made in 2014 upon the formation of the collaboration with bayer. cash used in investing activities was $374 million in 2014 compared with $3.1 billion in 2013 reflecting cash received in 2014 from the divestiture of mcc and from other dispositions of businesses, as well as cash received in connection with astrazeneca's option exercise, partially offset by higher purchases of and lower proceeds from the sale of securities and other investments, cash used for the acquisition of idenix and a cash payment made upon formation of the collaboration with bayer.
cash used in financing activities was $5.3 billion in 2015 compared with $15.1 billion in 2014 driven primarily by higher proceeds from the issuance of debt, lower payments on debt and lower purchases of treasury stock, partially offset by lower proceeds from the exercise of stock options and a decrease in short-term borrowings. cash used in financing activities was $15.1 billion in 2014 compared with $6.0 billion in 2013 driven primarily by higher payments on debt, lower proceeds from the issuance of debt, higher purchases of treasury stock and a decrease in short-term borrowings, partially offset by higher proceeds from the exercise of stock options.
during 2015, the company recorded charges of $876 million related to the devaluation of its net monetary assets in venezuela, the large majority of which was cash (see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements).
at december 31, 2015, the total of worldwide cash and investments was $26.5 billion, including $13.4 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, and $13.0 billion of long-term investments. generally 80%-90% of cash and investments are held by foreign subsidiaries and would be subject to significant tax payments if such cash and investments were repatriated in the form of dividends. the company records u.s. deferred tax liabilities for certain unremitted earnings, but when amounts earned overseas are expected to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the united states, no accrual for u.s. taxes is provided. the amount of cash and investments held by u.s. and foreign subsidiaries fluctuates due to a variety of factors including the timing and receipt of payments in the normal course of business. cash provided by operating activities in the united states continues to be the company's primary source of funds to finance domestic operating needs, capital expenditures, a portion of treasury stock purchases and dividends paid to shareholders.
the company's contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015 are as follows:
loans payable and current portion of long-term debt (2)       2,585               2,585                   -                     -                     -
unrecognized tax benefits (4)                                 1,244               1,244                   -                     -                     -
operating leases                                                789                 213       250                   166                   160
(1)   includes future bulk supply purchases the company has committed to in connection with certain divestitures.
(2)   in january 2016, $850 million of debt matured and was repaid.
(3) the company anticipates receiving insurance proceeds of approximately $380 million to partially fund this liability (see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements).
(4)   as of december 31, 2015, the company's consolidated balance sheet reflects liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, interest and penalties of $4.2 billion, including $1.2 billion reflected as a current liability. due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash outflows of liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits beyond one year, a reasonable estimate of the period of cash settlement for years beyond 2016 cannot be made.
purchase obligations are enforceable and legally binding obligations for purchases of goods and services including minimum inventory contracts, research and development and advertising. amounts reflected for research and development obligations do not include contingent milestone payments. also excluded from research and development obligations are potential future funding commitments of up to approximately $120 million for investments in research venture capital funds. loans payable and current portion of long-term debt reflects $226 million of long-dated notes that are subject to repayment at the option of the holders. required funding obligations for 2016 relating to the company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans are not expected to be material. however, the company currently anticipates contributing approximately $50 million to its u.s. pension plans, $150 million to its international pension plans and $60 million to its other postretirement benefit plans during 2016.
in february 2015, merck issued $8.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes consisting of $300 million principal amount of floating rate notes due 2017, $700 million principal amount of floating rate notes due 2020, $1.25 billion principal amount of 1.85% notes due 2020, $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of 2.35% notes due 2022, $2.5 billion aggregate principal amount of 2.75% notes due 2025 and $2.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.70% notes due 2045. the company used a portion of the net proceeds of the offering of $7.9 billion to repay commercial paper issued to substantially finance the company's acquisition of cubist. the remaining net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, including for repurchases of the company's common stock, and the repayment of outstanding commercial paper borrowings and debt maturities.
also in february 2015, the company redeemed $1.9 billion of legacy cubist debt acquired in the acquisition (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements).
in december 2015, the company filed a securities registration statement with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec) under the automatic shelf registration process available to "well-known seasoned issuers" which is effective for three years.
effective as of november 3, 2009, the company executed a full and unconditional guarantee of the then existing debt of its subsidiary merck sharp & dohme corp. (msd) and msd executed a full and unconditional guarantee of the then existing debt of the company (excluding commercial paper), including for payments of principal and interest. these guarantees do not extend to debt issued subsequent to that date.
the company continues to maintain a conservative financial profile. the company places its cash and investments in instruments that meet high credit quality standards, as specified in its investment policy guidelines. these guidelines also limit the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. the company does not participate in any off-balance sheet arrangements involving unconsolidated subsidiaries that provide financing or potentially expose the company to unrecorded financial obligations.
in november 2015, the board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.46 per share on the company's common stock payable in january 2016.
in march 2015, merck's board of directors authorized additional purchases of up to $10 billion of merck's common stock for its treasury. the treasury stock purchase authorization has no time limit and will be made over time in open-market transactions, block transactions, on or off an exchange, or in privately negotiated transactions. the company purchased $4.2 billion of its common stock (75 million shares) for its treasury during 2015. the company has approximately $8.5 billion remaining under the march share repurchase program. the company purchased $7.7 billion and $6.5 billion of its common stock during 2014 and 2013, respectively, under this and previously authorized share repurchase programs.
financial instruments market risk disclosures the company manages the impact of foreign exchange rate movements and interest rate movements on its earnings, cash flows and fair values of assets and liabilities through operational means and through the use of various financial instruments, including derivative instruments.
a significant portion of the company's revenues and earnings in foreign affiliates is exposed to changes in foreign exchange rates. the objectives and accounting related to the company's foreign currency risk management program, as well as its interest rate risk management activities are discussed below.
foreign currency risk management the company has established revenue hedging, balance sheet risk management, and net investment hedging programs to protect against volatility of future foreign currency cash flows and changes in fair value caused by volatility in foreign exchange rates.
the primary objective of the revenue hedging program is to reduce the potential for longer-term unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates to decrease the u.s. dollar value of future cash flows derived from foreign currency denominated sales, primarily the euro and japanese yen. to achieve this objective, the company will hedge a portion of its forecasted foreign currency denominated third-party and intercompany distributor entity sales that are expected to occur over its planning cycle, typically no more than three years into the future. the company will layer in hedges over time, increasing the portion of third-party and intercompany distributor entity sales hedged as it gets closer to the expected date of the forecasted foreign currency denominated sales. the portion of sales hedged is based on assessments of cost-benefit profiles that consider natural offsetting exposures, revenue and exchange rate volatilities and correlations, and the cost of hedging instruments. the hedged anticipated sales are a specified component of a portfolio of similarly denominated foreign currency-based sales transactions, each of which responds to the hedged currency risk in the same manner. the company manages its anticipated transaction exposure principally with purchased local currency put options, which provide the company with a right, but not an obligation, to sell foreign currencies in the future at a predetermined price. if the u.s. dollar strengthens relative to the currency of the hedged anticipated sales, total changes in the options' cash flows offset the decline in the expected future u.s. dollar equivalent cash flows of the hedged foreign currency sales. conversely, if the u.s. dollar weakens, the options' value reduces to zero, but the company benefits from the increase in the u.s. dollar equivalent value of the anticipated foreign currency cash flows.
in connection with the company's revenue hedging program, a purchased collar option strategy may be utilized. with a purchased collar option strategy, the company writes a local currency call option and purchases a local currency put option. as compared to a purchased put option strategy alone, a purchased collar strategy reduces the upfront costs associated with purchasing puts through the collection of premiums by writing call options. if the u.s. dollar weakens relative to the currency of the hedged anticipated sales, the purchased put option value of the collar strategy reduces to zero and the company benefits from the increase in the u.s. dollar equivalent value of its anticipated foreign currency cash flows; however, this benefit would be capped at the strike level of the written call. if the u.s. dollar strengthens relative to the currency of the hedged anticipated sales, the written call option value of the collar strategy reduces to zero and the changes in the purchased put cash flows of the collar strategy would offset the decline in the expected future u.s. dollar equivalent cash flows of the hedged foreign currency sales.
the company may also utilize forward contracts in its revenue hedging program. if the u.s. dollar strengthens relative to the currency of the hedged anticipated sales, the increase in the fair value of the forward contracts offsets the decrease in the expected future u.s. dollar cash flows of the hedged foreign currency sales. conversely, if the u.s. dollar weakens, the decrease in the fair value of the forward contracts offsets the increase in the value of the anticipated foreign currency cash flows. while a weaker u.s. dollar would result in a net benefit, the market value of merck's hedges would have declined by an estimated $502 million and $660 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, from a uniform 10% weakening of the u.s. dollar. the market value was determined using a foreign exchange option pricing model and holding all factors except exchange rates constant. because merck principally uses purchased local currency put options, a uniform weakening of the u.s. dollar would yield the largest overall potential loss in the market value of these options. the sensitivity measurement assumes that a change in one foreign currency relative to the u.s. dollar would not affect other foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar. although not predictive in nature, the company believes that a 10% threshold reflects reasonably possible near-term changes in merck's major foreign currency exposures relative to the u.s. dollar. the cash flows from these contracts are reported as operating activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows.
the primary objective of the balance sheet risk management program is to mitigate the exposure of net monetary assets that are denominated in a currency other than a subsidiary's functional currency from the effects of volatility in foreign exchange. in these instances, merck principally utilizes forward exchange contracts, which enable the company to buy and sell foreign currencies in the future at fixed exchange rates and economically offset the consequences of changes in foreign exchange from the monetary assets. merck routinely enters into contracts to offset the effects of exchange on exposures denominated in developed country currencies, primarily the euro and japanese yen. for exposures in developing country currencies, the company will enter into forward contracts to partially offset the effects of exchange on exposures when it is deemed economical to do so based on a cost-benefit analysis that considers the magnitude of the exposure, the volatility of the exchange rate and the cost of the hedging instrument. the company will also minimize the effect of exchange on monetary assets and liabilities by managing operating activities and net asset positions at the local level. the cash flows from these contracts are reported as operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
a sensitivity analysis to changes in the value of the u.s. dollar on foreign currency denominated derivatives, investments and monetary assets and liabilities indicated that if the u.s. dollar uniformly strengthened by 10% against all currency exposures of the company at december 31, 2015 and 2014, income before taxes would have declined by approximately $45 million in 2015 and $25 million in 2014. because the company was in a net long (receivable) position relative to its major foreign currencies after consideration of forward contracts, a uniform strengthening of the u.s. dollar will yield the largest overall potential net loss in earnings due to exchange. this measurement assumes that a change in one foreign currency relative to the u.s. dollar would not affect other foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar. although not predictive in nature, the company believes that a 10% threshold reflects reasonably possible near-term changes in merck's major foreign currency exposures relative to the u.s. dollar. the cash flows from these contracts are reported as operating activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows.
since january 2010, venezuela has been designated hyperinflationary and, as a result, local foreign operations are remeasured in u.s. dollars with the impact recorded in results of operations.
in february 2013, the venezuelan government devalued its currency (bolívar fuertes) from 4.30 vef per u.s. dollar to 6.30 vef per u.s. dollar. the company recognized losses due to exchange of approximately $140 million in 2013 resulting from the remeasurement of the local monetary assets and liabilities at the new rate.
in addition to the official rate of 6.30 vef per u.s. dollar, the venezuelan government maintains two other official rates. these are the sistema complementario de administracion de divisas, or sicad, and the sistema marginal de divisas, or simadi. both the sicad and simadi average rates are published by the central bank of venezuela and at december 31, 2015, the average exchange rates inferred were 13.50 vef per u.s. dollar and 198.70 vef per u.s. dollar, respectively. historically, the venezuelan government has indicated that essential goods, including food and medicine, would remain at the official rate of 6.30 vef per u.s. dollar.
during the second quarter of 2015, upon evaluation of evolving economic conditions in venezuela and volatility in the country, combined with a decline in transactions that were settled at the official rate, the company determined it was unlikely that all outstanding net monetary assets would be settled at the official rate. accordingly, during the second quarter of 2015, the company recorded a charge of $715 million within other (income) expense, net to devalue its net monetary assets in venezuela to an amount that represented the company's estimate of the u.s. dollar amount that would ultimately be collected. during the third quarter of 2015, the company recorded additional exchange losses of $138 million reflecting the ongoing effect of translating transactions and net monetary assets consistent with the second quarter. as a result of the further deterioration of economic conditions in venezuela and continued declines in transactions which were settled at the official rate, in the fourth quarter of 2015, the company began using the simadi rate to report its venezuelan operations. the company also revalued its remaining net monetary assets at the simadi rate, which resulted in an additional charge in the fourth quarter of 2015 of $161 million. accordingly, at december 31, 2015, the company had approximately $20 million (u.s. dollar equivalent at the simadi rate) of remaining net monetary assets in its venezuelan entities, of which the large majority was cash. merck's sales in venezuela were approximately $625 million in 2015. the company has reduced its operations in venezuela; however, merck continues to work with the government of venezuela to import essential medicines into the country. as a result of transitioning to the simadi rate in the fourth quarter of 2015 for purposes of reporting its venezuelan operations, merck anticipates that sales in venezuela in 2016 will be de minimis.
the company also uses forward exchange contracts to hedge its net investment in foreign operations against movements in exchange rates. the forward contracts are designated as hedges of the net investment in a foreign operation. the company hedges a portion of the net investment in certain of its foreign operations and measures ineffectiveness based upon changes in spot foreign exchange rates. the effective portion of the unrealized gains or losses on these contracts is recorded in foreign currency translation adjustment within other comprehensive income ("oci"), and remains in accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci") until either the sale or complete or substantially complete liquidation of the subsidiary. the cash flows from these contracts are reported as investing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows.
foreign exchange risk is also managed through the use of foreign currency debt. the company's senior unsecured euro-denominated notes have been designated as, and are effective as, economic hedges of the net investment in a foreign operation. accordingly, foreign currency transaction gains or losses due to spot rate fluctuations on the euro-denominated debt instruments are included in foreign currency translation adjustment within oci.
interest rate risk management the company may use interest rate swap contracts on certain investing and borrowing transactions to manage its net exposure to interest rate changes and to reduce its overall cost of borrowing. the company does not use leveraged swaps and, in general, does not leverage any of its investment activities that would put principal capital at risk.
at december 31, 2015, the company was a party to 30 pay-floating, receive-fixed interest rate swap contracts designated as fair value hedges of fixed-rate notes in which the notional amounts match the amount of the hedged fixed-rate notes as detailed in the table below.
debt instrument       par value of debt         number of interest rate swaps held           total swap notional amount the interest rate swap contracts are designated hedges of the fair value changes in the notes attributable to changes in the benchmark london interbank offered rate (libor) swap rate. the fair value changes in the notes attributable to changes in the libor swap rate are recorded in interest expense and offset by the fair value changes in the swap contracts. the cash flows from these contracts are reported as operating activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows.
the company's investment portfolio includes cash equivalents and short-term investments, the market values of which are not significantly affected by changes in interest rates. the market value of the company's medium- to long-term fixed-rate investments is modestly affected by changes in u.s. interest rates. changes in medium- to long-term u.s. interest rates have a more significant impact on the market value of the company's fixed-rate borrowings, which generally have longer maturities. a sensitivity analysis to measure potential changes in the market value of merck's investments and debt from a change in interest rates indicated that a one percentage point increase in interest rates at december 31, 2015 and 2014 would have positively affected the net aggregate market value of these instruments by $1.2 billion and $1.0 billion, respectively. a one percentage point decrease at december 31, 2015 and 2014 would have negatively affected the net aggregate market value by $1.5 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively. the fair value of merck's debt was determined using pricing models reflecting one percentage point shifts in the appropriate yield curves. the fair values of merck's investments were determined using a combination of pricing and duration models.
critical accounting policies the company's consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with gaap and, accordingly, include certain amounts that are based on management's best estimates and judgments. estimates are used when accounting for amounts recorded in connection with acquisitions, including initial fair value determinations of assets and liabilities, primarily ipr&d, other intangible assets and contingent consideration, as well as subsequent fair value measurement. additionally, estimates are used in determining such items as provisions for sales discounts and returns, depreciable and amortizable lives, recoverability of inventories, including those produced in preparation for product launches, amounts recorded for contingencies, environmental liabilities and other reserves, pension and other postretirement benefit plan assumptions, share-based compensation assumptions, restructuring costs, impairments of long-lived assets (including intangible assets and goodwill) and investments, and taxes on income. because of the uncertainty inherent in such estimates, actual results may differ from these estimates. application of the following accounting policies result in accounting estimates having the potential for the most significant impact on the financial statements.
acquisitions to determine whether acquisitions qualify as business combinations or asset acquisitions, the company makes certain judgments, which include assessment of the inputs, processes, and outputs associated with the acquired set of activities. if the company determines that the acquisition consists of inputs, as well as processes that when applied to those inputs have the ability to create outputs, the acquisition is determined to be a business combination.
in a business combination, the acquisition method of accounting requires that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recorded as of the date of the acquisition at their respective fair values with limited exceptions. assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination that arise from contingencies are recognized at fair value if fair value can reasonably be estimated. if the acquisition date fair value of an asset acquired or liability assumed that arises from a contingency cannot be determined, the asset or liability is recognized if probable and reasonably estimable; if these criteria are not met, no asset or liability is recognized. fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. accordingly, the company may be required to value assets at fair value measures that do not reflect the company's intended use of those assets. any excess of the purchase price (consideration transferred) over the estimated fair values of net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. transaction costs and costs to restructure the acquired company are expensed as incurred. the operating results of the acquired business are reflected in the company's consolidated financial statements after the date of the acquisition. the fair values of intangible assets, including acquired ipr&d, are determined utilizing information available near the acquisition date based on expectations and assumptions that are deemed reasonable by management. given the considerable judgment involved in determining fair values, the company typically obtains assistance from third-party valuation specialists for significant items. amounts allocated to acquired ipr&d are capitalized and accounted for as indefinite-lived intangible assets, subject to impairment testing until completion or abandonment of the projects. upon successful completion of each project, merck will make a separate determination as to the then useful life of the asset and begin amortization. certain of the company's business acquisitions involve the potential for future payment of consideration that is contingent upon the achievement of performance milestones, including product development milestones and royalty payments on future product sales. the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities is determined at the acquisition date using unobservable inputs. these inputs include the estimated amount and timing of projected cash flows, the probability of success (achievement of the contingent event) and the risk-adjusted discount rate used to present value the probability-weighted cash flows. subsequent to the acquisition date, at each reporting period, the contingent consideration liability is remeasured at current fair value with changes (either expense or income) recorded in earnings. changes in any of the inputs may result in a significantly different fair value adjustment.
the judgments made in determining estimated fair values assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination, as well as asset lives, can materially affect the company's results of operations.
if the company determines the transaction will not be accounted for as an acquisition of a business, the transaction will be accounted for as an acquisition of assets rather than a business combination and, therefore, no goodwill will be recorded. in an asset acquisition, acquired ipr&d with no alternative future use is charged to expense at the acquisition date.
the fair values of identifiable intangible assets related to currently marketed products and product rights are primarily determined by using an income approach through which fair value is estimated based on each asset's discounted projected net cash flows. the company's estimates of market participant net cash flows consider historical and projected pricing, margins and expense levels; the performance of competing products where applicable; relevant industry and therapeutic area growth drivers and factors; current and expected trends in technology and product life cycles; the time and investment that will be required to develop products and technologies; the ability to obtain marketing and regulatory approvals; the ability to manufacture and commercialize the products; the extent and timing of potential new product introductions by the company's competitors; and the life of each asset's underlying patent, if any. the net cash flows are then probability-adjusted where appropriate to consider the uncertainties associated with the underlying assumptions, as well as the risk profile of the net cash flows utilized in the valuation. the probability-adjusted future net cash flows of each product are then discounted to present value utilizing an appropriate discount rate.
the fair values of identifiable intangible assets related to ipr&d are determined using an income approach, through which fair value is estimated based on each asset's probability-adjusted future net cash flows, which reflect the different stages of development of each product and the associated probability of successful completion. the net cash flows are then discounted to present value using an appropriate discount rate.
revenue recognition revenues from sales of products are recognized when title and risk of loss passes to the customer, typically at time of delivery. recognition of revenue also requires reasonable assurance of collection of sales proceeds and completion of all performance obligations. domestically, sales discounts are issued to customers as direct discounts at the point-of-sale, indirectly through an intermediary wholesaler, known as chargebacks, or indirectly in the form of rebates. additionally, sales are generally made with a limited right of return under certain conditions. revenues are recorded net of provisions for sales discounts and returns, which are established at the time of sale. in addition, revenues are recorded net of time value of money discounts for customers for which collection of accounts receivable is expected to be in excess of one year.
the provision for aggregate indirect customer discounts covers chargebacks and rebates. chargebacks are discounts that occur when a contracted customer purchases directly through an intermediary wholesaler. the contracted customer generally purchases product at its contracted price plus a mark-up from the wholesaler. the wholesaler, in turn, charges the company back for the difference between the price initially paid by the wholesaler and the contract price paid to the wholesaler by the customer. the provision for chargebacks is based on expected sell-through levels by the company's wholesale customers to contracted customers, as well as estimated wholesaler inventory levels. rebates are amounts owed based upon definitive contractual agreements or legal requirements with private sector and public sector (medicaid and medicare part d) benefit providers, after the final dispensing of the product by a pharmacy to a benefit plan participant. the provision is based on expected payments, which are driven by patient usage and contract performance by the benefit provider customers.
the company uses historical customer segment mix, adjusted for other known events, in order to estimate the expected provision. amounts accrued for aggregate indirect customer discounts are evaluated on a quarterly basis through comparison of information provided by the wholesalers, health maintenance organizations, pharmacy benefit managers and other customers to the amounts accrued. adjustments are recorded when trends or significant events indicate that a change in the estimated provision is appropriate.
the company continually monitors its provision for aggregate indirect customer discounts. there were no material adjustments to estimates associated with the aggregate indirect customer discount provision in 2015, 2014 or 2013.
summarized information about changes in the aggregate indirect customer discount accrual related to u.s. sales is as follows:
adjustments to prior years         (77   )             (18   )
the company maintains a returns policy that allows its u.s. pharmaceutical customers to return product within a specified period prior to and subsequent to the expiration date (generally, three to six months before and 12 months after product expiration). the estimate of the provision for returns is based upon historical experience with actual returns. additionally, the company considers factors such as levels of inventory in the distribution channel, product dating and expiration period, whether products have been discontinued, entrance in the market of additional generic competition, changes in formularies or launch of over-the-counter products, among others. the product returns provision for u.s. pharmaceutical sales as a percentage of u.s. net pharmaceutical sales was 1.5% in 2015, 1.7% in 2014 and 1.5% in 2013.
through its distribution programs with u.s. wholesalers, the company encourages wholesalers to align purchases with underlying demand and maintain inventories below specified levels. the terms of the programs allow the wholesalers to earn fees upon providing visibility into their inventory levels, as well as by achieving certain performance parameters such as inventory management, customer service levels, reducing shortage claims and reducing product returns. information provided through the wholesaler distribution programs includes items such as sales trends, inventory on-hand, on-order quantity and product returns.
wholesalers generally provide only the above mentioned data to the company, as there is no regulatory requirement to report lot level information to manufacturers, which is the level of information needed to determine the remaining shelf life and original sale date of inventory. given current wholesaler inventory levels, which are generally less than a month, the company believes that collection of order lot information across all wholesale customers would have limited use in estimating sales discounts and returns.
inventories produced in preparation for product launches the company capitalizes inventories produced in preparation for product launches sufficient to support estimated initial market demand. typically, capitalization of such inventory does not begin until the related product candidates are in phase 3 clinical trials and are considered to have a high probability of regulatory approval. the company monitors the status of each respective product within the regulatory approval process; however, the company generally does not disclose specific timing for regulatory approval. if the company is aware of any specific risks or contingencies other than the normal regulatory approval process or if there are any specific issues identified during the research process relating to safety, efficacy, manufacturing, marketing or labeling, the related inventory would generally not be capitalized. expiry dates of the inventory are affected by the stage of completion. the company manages the levels of inventory at each stage to optimize the shelf life of the inventory in relation to anticipated market demand in order to avoid product expiry issues. for inventories that are capitalized, anticipated future sales and shelf lives support the realization of the inventory value as the inventory shelf life is sufficient to meet initial product launch requirements.
inventories produced in preparation for product launches capitalized at december 31, 2015 and 2014 were $63 million and $74 million, respectively.
contingencies and environmental liabilities the company is involved in various claims and legal proceedings of a nature considered normal to its business, including product liability, intellectual property and commercial litigation, as well as certain additional matters (see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.) the company records accruals for contingencies when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. these accruals are adjusted periodically as assessments change or additional information becomes available. for product liability claims, a portion of the overall accrual is actuarially determined and considers such factors as past experience, number of claims reported and estimates of claims incurred but not yet reported. individually significant contingent losses are accrued when probable and reasonably estimable.
legal defense costs expected to be incurred in connection with a loss contingency are accrued when probable and reasonably estimable. some of the significant factors considered in the review of these legal defense reserves are as follows: the actual costs incurred by the company; the development of the company's legal defense strategy and structure in light of the scope of its litigation; the number of cases being brought against the company; the costs and outcomes of completed trials and the most current information regarding anticipated timing, progression, and related costs of pre-trial activities and trials in the associated litigation. the amount of legal defense reserves as of december 31, 2015 and 2014 of approximately $245 million and $215 million, respectively, represents the company's best estimate of the minimum amount of defense costs to be incurred in connection with its outstanding litigation; however, events such as additional trials and other events that could arise in the course of its litigation could affect the ultimate amount of legal defense costs to be incurred by the company. the company will continue to monitor its legal defense costs and review the adequacy of the associated reserves and may determine to increase the reserves at any time in the future if, based upon the factors set forth, it believes it would be appropriate to do so.
the company and its subsidiaries are parties to a number of proceedings brought under the comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act, commonly known as superfund, and other federal and state equivalents. when a legitimate claim for contribution is asserted, a liability is initially accrued based upon the estimated transaction costs to manage the site. accruals are adjusted as site investigations, feasibility studies and related cost assessments of remedial techniques are completed, and as the extent to which other potentially responsible parties who may be jointly and severally liable can be expected to contribute is determined.
the company is also remediating environmental contamination resulting from past industrial activity at certain of its sites and takes an active role in identifying and accruing for these costs. in the past, merck performed a worldwide survey to assess all sites for potential contamination resulting from past industrial activities. where assessment indicated that physical investigation was warranted, such investigation was performed, providing a better evaluation of the need for remedial action. where such need was identified, remedial action was then initiated. as definitive information became available during the course of investigations and/or remedial efforts at each site, estimates were refined and accruals were established or adjusted accordingly. these estimates and related accruals continue to be refined annually.
the company believes that there are no compliance issues associated with applicable environmental laws and regulations that would have a material adverse effect on the company. expenditures for remediation and environmental liabilities were $8 million in 2015, and are estimated at $59 million in the aggregate for the years 2016 through 2020. in management's opinion, the liabilities for all environmental matters that are probable and reasonably estimable have been accrued and totaled $109 million and $125 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. these liabilities are undiscounted, do not consider potential recoveries from other parties and will be paid out over the periods of remediation for the applicable sites, which are expected to occur primarily over the next 15 years. although it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of these matters, or the ultimate costs of remediation, management does not believe that any reasonably possible expenditures that may be incurred in excess of the liabilities accrued should exceed $57 million in the aggregate. management also does not believe that these expenditures should result in a material adverse effect on the company's financial position, results of operations, liquidity or capital resources for any year.
share-based compensation the company expenses all share-based payment awards to employees, including grants of stock options, over the requisite service period based on the grant date fair value of the awards. the company determines the fair value of certain share-based awards using the black-scholes option-pricing model which uses both historical and current market data to estimate the fair value. this method incorporates various assumptions such as the risk-free interest rate, expected volatility, expected dividend yield and expected life of the options. total pretax share-based compensation expense was $299 million in 2015, $278 million in 2014 and $276 million in 2013. at december 31, 2015, there was $407 million of total pretax unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested stock option, restricted stock unit and performance share unit awards which will be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.9 years. for segment reporting, share-based compensation costs are unallocated expenses.
pensions and other postretirement benefit plans net periodic benefit cost for pension and other postretirement benefit plans totaled $253 million in 2015, $169 million in 2014 and $716 million in 2013. pension and other postretirement benefit plan information for financial reporting purposes is calculated using actuarial assumptions including a discount rate for plan benefit obligations and an expected rate of return on plan assets. the changes in net periodic benefit cost year over year for pension and other postretirement benefit plans are largely attributable to changes in the discount rate affecting net amortization.
the company reassesses its benefit plan assumptions on a regular basis. for both the pension and other postretirement benefit plans, the discount rate is evaluated on measurement dates and modified to reflect the prevailing market rate of a portfolio of high-quality fixed-income debt instruments that would provide the future cash flows needed to pay the benefits included in the benefit obligation as they come due. at december 31, 2015, the discount rates for the company's u.s. pension and other postretirement benefit plans ranged from 3.80% to 4.80% compared with a range of 3.20% to 4.20% at december 31, 2014.
the expected rate of return for both the pension and other postretirement benefit plans represents the average rate of return to be earned on plan assets over the period the benefits included in the benefit obligation are to be paid. in developing the expected rate of return, the company considers long-term compound annualized returns of historical market data as well as actual returns on the company's plan assets. using this reference information, the company develops forward-looking return expectations for each asset category and a weighted-average expected long-term rate of return for a target portfolio allocated across these investment categories. the expected portfolio performance reflects the contribution of active management as appropriate. as a result of this analysis, for 2016, the company's expected rate of return will range from 7.30% to 8.75%, the same range as in 2015 for its u.s. pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
the company has established investment guidelines for its u.s. pension and other postretirement plans to create an asset allocation that is expected to deliver a rate of return sufficient to meet the long-term obligation of each plan, given an acceptable level of risk. the target investment portfolio of the company's u.s. pension and other postretirement benefit plans is allocated 40% to 60% in u.s. equities, 20% to 40% in international equities, 15% to 25% in fixed-income investments, and up to 5% in cash and other investments. the portfolio's equity weighting is consistent with the long-term nature of the plans' benefit obligations. the expected annual standard deviation of returns of the target portfolio, which approximates 13%, reflects both the equity allocation and the diversification benefits among the asset classes in which the portfolio invests. for non-u.s. pension plans, the targeted investment portfolio varies based on the duration of pension liabilities and local government rules and regulations. although a significant percentage of plan assets are invested in u.s. equities, concentration risk is mitigated through the use of strategies that are diversified within management guidelines.
actuarial assumptions are based upon management's best estimates and judgment. a reasonably possible change of plus (minus) 25 basis points in the discount rate assumption, with other assumptions held constant, would have an estimated $46 million favorable (unfavorable) impact on its net periodic benefit cost. a reasonably possible change of plus (minus) 25 basis points in the expected rate of return assumption, with other assumptions held constant, would have an estimated $45 million favorable (unfavorable) impact on its net periodic benefit cost. required funding obligations for 2016 relating to the company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans are not expected to be material. the preceding hypothetical changes in the discount rate and expected rate of return assumptions would not impact the company's funding requirements.
net loss amounts, which reflect experience differentials primarily relating to differences between expected and actual returns on plan assets as well as the effects of changes in actuarial assumptions, are recorded as a component of aoci. expected returns for pension plans are based on a calculated market-related value of assets. under this methodology, asset gains/losses resulting from actual returns that differ from the company's expected returns are recognized in the market-related value of assets ratably over a five-year period. also, net loss amounts in aoci in excess of certain thresholds are amortized into net periodic benefit cost over the average remaining service life of employees.
restructuring costs restructuring costs have been recorded in connection with restructuring programs designed to reduce the cost structure, increase efficiency and enhance competitiveness. as a result, the company has made estimates and judgments regarding its future plans, including future termination benefits and other exit costs to be incurred when the restructuring actions take place. when accruing these costs, the company will recognize the amount within a range of costs that is the best estimate within the range. when no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, the company recognizes the minimum amount within the range. in connection with these actions, management also assesses the recoverability of long-lived assets employed in the business. in certain instances, asset lives have been shortened based on changes in the expected useful lives of the affected assets. severance and other related costs are reflected within restructuring costs. asset-related charges are reflected within materials and production costs, marketing and administrative expenses and research and development expenses depending upon the nature of the asset.
impairments of long-lived assets the company assesses changes in economic, regulatory and legal conditions and makes assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows in evaluating the value of the company's property, plant and equipment, goodwill and other intangible assets.
the company periodically evaluates whether current facts or circumstances indicate that the carrying values of its long-lived assets to be held and used may not be recoverable. if such circumstances are determined to exist, an estimate of the undiscounted future cash flows of these assets, or appropriate asset groupings, is compared to the carrying value to determine whether an impairment exists. if the asset is determined to be impaired, the loss is measured based on the difference between the asset's fair value and its carrying value. if quoted market prices are not available, the company will estimate fair value using a discounted value of estimated future cash flows approach.
goodwill represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of net assets of businesses acquired and is assigned to reporting units. the company tests its goodwill for impairment on at least an annual basis, or more frequently if impairment indicators exist, by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. some of the factors considered in the assessment include general macroeconomic conditions, conditions specific to the industry and market, cost factors which could have a significant effect on earnings or cash flows, the overall financial performance of the reporting unit, and whether there have been sustained declines in the company's share price. additionally, the company evaluates the extent to which the fair value exceeded the carrying value of the reporting unit at the last date a valuation was performed. if the company concludes it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative fair value test is performed.
other acquired intangibles (excluding ipr&d) are recorded at fair value, assigned an estimated useful life, and are amortized primarily on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. when events or circumstances warrant a review, the company will assess recoverability from future operations using pretax undiscounted cash flows derived from the lowest appropriate asset groupings. impairments are recognized in operating results to the extent that the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, which is determined based on the net present value of estimated future cash flows.
ipr&d that the company acquires through business combinations represents the fair value assigned to incomplete research projects which, at the time of acquisition, have not reached technological feasibility. the amounts are capitalized and accounted for as indefinite-lived intangible assets, subject to impairment testing until completion or abandonment of the project. the company tests ipr&d for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if impairment indicators exist, by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the ipr&d intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. if the company concludes it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying amount, a quantitative test that compares the fair value of the ipr&d intangible asset with its carrying value is performed. for impairment testing purposes, the company may combine separately recorded ipr&d intangible assets into one unit of account based on the relevant facts and circumstances. generally, the company will combine ipr&d intangible assets for testing purposes if they operate as a single asset and are essentially inseparable. if the fair value is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized within the company's operating results.
the judgments made in evaluating impairment of long-lived intangibles can materially affect the company's results of operations.
impairments of investments the company reviews its investments for impairments based on the determination of whether the decline in market value of the investment below the carrying value is other-than-temporary. the company considers available evidence in evaluating potential impairments of its investments, including the duration and extent to which fair value is less than cost and, for equity securities, the company's ability and intent to hold the investments. for debt securities, an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred if the company does not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the debt security. if the company does not intend to sell the impaired debt security, and it is not more likely than not it will be required to sell the debt security before the recovery of its amortized cost basis, the amount of the other-than-temporary impairment recognized in earnings is limited to the portion attributed to credit loss. the remaining portion of the other-than-temporary impairment related to other factors is recognized in oci.
taxes on income the company's effective tax rate is based on pretax income, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which the company operates. an estimated effective tax rate for a year is applied to the company's quarterly operating results. in the event that there is a significant unusual or one-time item recognized, or expected to be recognized, in the company's quarterly operating results, the tax attributable to that item would be separately calculated and recorded at the same time as the unusual or one-time item. the company considers the resolution of prior year tax matters to be such items. significant judgment is required in determining the company's tax provision and in evaluating its tax positions. the recognition and measurement of a tax position is based on management's best judgment given the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date. the company evaluates tax positions to determine whether the benefits of tax positions are more likely than not of being sustained upon audit based on the technical merits of the tax position. for tax positions that are more likely than not of being sustained upon audit, the company recognizes the largest amount of the benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement in the financial statements. for tax positions that are not more likely than not of being sustained upon audit, the company does not recognize any portion of the benefit in the financial statements. if the more likely than not threshold is not met in the period for which a tax position is taken, the company may subsequently recognize the benefit of that tax position if the tax matter is effectively settled, the statute of limitations expires, or if the more likely than not threshold is met in a subsequent period (see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.)
tax regulations require items to be included in the tax return at different times than the items are reflected in the financial statements. timing differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. deferred tax assets generally represent items that can be used as a tax deduction or credit in the tax return in future years for which the company has already recorded the tax benefit in the financial statements. the company establishes valuation allowances for its deferred tax assets when the amount of expected future taxable income is not likely to support the use of the deduction or credit. deferred tax liabilities generally represent tax expense recognized in the financial statements for which payment has been deferred or expense for which the company has already taken a deduction on the tax return, but has not yet recognized as expense in the financial statements. at december 31, 2015, foreign earnings of $59.2 billion have been retained indefinitely by subsidiary companies for reinvestment; therefore, no provision has been made for income taxes that would be payable upon the distribution of such earnings and it would not be practicable to determine the amount of the related unrecognized deferred income tax liability.
recently issued accounting standards in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued amended accounting guidance on revenue recognition that will be applied to all contracts with customers. the objective of the new guidance is to improve comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities and to provide more useful information to users of financial statements through improved disclosure requirements. in august 2015, the fasb approved a one-year deferral of the effective date making this guidance effective for interim and annual periods beginning in 2018. reporting entities may choose to adopt the standard as of the original effective date. the company is currently assessing the impact of adoption on its consolidated financial statements.
in april 2015, the fasb issued accounting guidance which requires debt issuance costs to be presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt on the balance sheet as opposed to being presented as a deferred charge. the new guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning in 2016. as of december 31, 2015, the company had debt issuance costs recorded as deferred charges of approximately $100 million.
in january 2016, the fasb issued revised guidance for the accounting and reporting of financial instruments. the new guidance requires that equity investments with readily determinable fair values currently classified as available for sale be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. the new guidance also simplifies the impairment testing of equity investments without readily determinable fair values and changes certain disclosure requirements. this guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning in 2018. early adoption is not permitted. the company is currently assessing the impact of adoption on its consolidated financial statements.
cautionary factors that may affect future results this report and other written reports and oral statements made from time to time by the company may contain so-called "forward-looking statements," all of which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the statements. one can identify these forward-looking statements by their use of words such as "anticipates," "expects," "plans," "will," "estimates," "forecasts," "projects" and other words of similar meaning. one can also identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. these statements are likely to address the company's growth strategy, financial results, product development, product approvals, product potential and development programs. one must carefully consider any such statement and should understand that many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the company's forward-looking statements. these factors include inaccurate assumptions and a broad variety of other risks and uncertainties, including some that are known and some that are not. no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed and actual future results may vary materially.
the company does not assume the obligation to update any forward-looking statement. one should carefully evaluate such statements in light of factors, including risk factors, described in the company's filings with the securities and exchange commission, especially on this form 10-k and forms 10-q and 8-k. in item 1a. "risk factors" of this annual report on form 10-k the company discusses in more detail various important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historic results. the company notes these factors for investors as permitted by the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. one should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. consequently, the reader should not consider any such list to be a complete statement of all potential risks or uncertainties.