Abbvie depends on information technology and a failure of those systems could adversely affect Abbvie's business. Abbvie relies on sophisticated information technology systems to operate its business. These systems are potentially vulnerable to malicious intrusion, random attack, loss of data privacy, or breakdown. Although Abbvie has invested in the protection of its data and information technology and also monitors its systems on an ongoing basis, there can be no assurance that these efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches in Abbvie's information technology systems that could adversely affect Abbvie's business. The company commits substantial effort, funds, and other resources to research and development and must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. To remain competitive, Abbvie must continue to launch new products and new indications and/or brand extensions for existing products, and such launches must generate revenue sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace revenues of profitable products that are lost to or displaced by competing products or therapies. Abbvie's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing and marketing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause its revenues and profitability to decline. The successful discovery, development, manufacturing, and sale of biologics is a long, expensive, and uncertain process. There are unique risks and uncertainties with biologics. For example, access to and supply of necessary biological materials, such as cell lines, may be limited, and governmental regulations restrict access to and regulate the transport and use of such materials. In addition, the development, manufacturing, and sale of biologics is subject to regulations that are often more complex and extensive than the regulations applicable to other pharmaceutical products. Manufacturing biologics, especially in large quantities, is often complex and may require the use of innovative technologies. Such manufacturing also requires facilities specifically designed and validated for this purpose and sophisticated quality assurance and quality control procedures. Abbvie's biologic products may become subject to competition from biosimilars. The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act was passed on March 23, 2010, and could allow competitors to reference data from biologic products already approved. Abbvie cannot predict with certainty the timing or impact of the introduction by competitors of new products or technological advances. Such competing products may be safer, more effective, more effectively marketed or sold, or have lower prices or superior performance features than Abbvie's products, and this could negatively impact Abbvie's business and results of operations. Abbvie uses a number of products in its pharmaceutical and biologic manufacturing processes that are sourced from single suppliers, and an interruption in the supply of those products could adversely affect Abbvie's business and results of operations. The manufacture of many of Abbvie's products is a highly exacting and complex process, and if Abbvie or one of its suppliers encounters problems manufacturing Abbvie's products, Abbvie's business could suffer. Problems may arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, and problems with raw materials. If problems arise during the production of a batch of product, that batch of product may have to be discarded and Abbvie may experience product shortages or incur added expenses. Abbvie's ability to realize the anticipated benefits of its merger with Pharmacyclics will depend on its ability to effectively and profitably commercialize Imbruvica. The anticipated benefits of Abbvie's merger with Pharmacyclics will depend on Abbvie's ability to ensure that the entire supply chain efficiently and consistently delivers Imbruvica to Abbvie's customers.