Our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements. If we cannot continue to develop, market and offer new products and services or enhancements to existing products and services that meet customer requirements, our operating results could suffer. The process of developing new high technology products and services and enhancing existing products and services is complex, costly and uncertain. If we fail to anticipate customers' changing needs and emerging technological trends, our market share and results of operations could suffer. We must make long-term investments, develop or obtain appropriate intellectual property and commit significant resources before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reflect customer demand for our products and services. If we are unable to extend our core technologies into new applications and new platforms and to anticipate or respond to technological changes, the market's acceptance of our products and services could decline and our results would suffer. Our future success will depend on our ability to enhance our existing products and services, introduce new products and services on a timely and cost-effective basis, meet changing customer needs, extend our core technology into new applications, and anticipate and respond to emerging standards, business models, software delivery methods and other technological developments. Our strategy with creative cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with users, attract more new customers, and shift our revenue to be more recurring and predictable as revenue is recognized ratably. We continue to implement strategies that will accelerate awareness, consideration and purchase of subscriptions to our creative cloud offering. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced products, subscription and solution offerings. We devote significant resources to the development of technologies and service offerings in markets where our operating history is less extensive. Our customers include government entities, including the U.S. federal government, and if spending cuts impede the government's ability to purchase our products and services, our revenue could decline. Security vulnerabilities in our products and systems could lead to reduced revenue or to liability claims. Maintaining the security of our products, computers and networks is a critical issue for us and our customers. The costs to prevent, eliminate or alleviate cyber- or other security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs and security vulnerabilities are significant, and our efforts to address these problems may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers. We are increasingly subject to the risks arising from adverse changes in economic and political conditions, both domestically and globally. Our business has shifted away from pre-packaged creative software to focus on a subscription model that prices and delivers our products and services in a way that differs from the historical pricing and delivery methods. We may be unable to predict subscription renewal rates and the impact these rates may have on our future revenue and operating results. Our cloud strategy requires continued investment in product development and cloud operations, and may give rise to a number of risks, including concerns regarding changes to pricing over time, service availability, information security of a cloud solution and access to files while offline or once a subscription has expired. Our ability to sell additional features and services to our current customers depends on a number of factors, including customers' satisfaction with our products and services, the level of innovation reflected in those additional features, the prices of our offerings and general economic conditions.