We are increasingly dependent on information technology systems, infrastructure, and data security. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems and the potential value of our data make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion, and random attack. Data privacy or security breaches by employees or others may pose a risk that sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets, or personal information belonging to the company, its patients, customers, or other business partners, may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. As a global biotechnology company, our systems are subject to frequent cyber-attacks. These attacks are growing in their frequency, sophistication, and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect. Cyber-attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware and key loggers, a denial-of-service attack, a malicious website, the use of social engineering, and other means to affect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our information technology systems, infrastructure, and data. We continue to invest heavily in the protection of our critical or sensitive data and information technology; however, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent or detect service interruptions or breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive information, which could result in financial, legal, business, or reputational harm to us. Our business is also subject to the risks that affect many other companies, such as employment relations, general economic conditions, geopolitical events, and international operations. Further, additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may in the future materially and adversely affect our business, operations, liquidity, and stock price. We face substantial competition and operate in a highly competitive environment. We expect that our products will compete with new drugs currently in development, drugs currently approved for other indications that may later be approved for the same indications as those of our products, and drugs approved for other indications that are used off-label. Some of our competitors may have technical, competitive, or other advantages over us for the development of technologies and processes or greater experience in particular therapeutic areas, and consolidation among pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies can enhance such advantages. These advantages may make it difficult for us to compete with them to successfully discover, develop, and market new products and for our current products to compete with new products or new product indications that they may bring to market. Our products face substantial competition from biosimilars, and we expect to face increasing competition in the future. Legislative or regulatory changes that decrease the coverage or reimbursement available for our products, require that we pay increased rebates, limit our ability to offer patient co-pay payment assistance, or limit the pricing of pharmaceutical products could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We are required to conduct clinical trials using an appropriate number of trial sites and patients to support the product label claims. The length of time, number of trial sites, and patients required for clinical trials vary substantially, and therefore, we may spend several years and incur substantial expense in completing certain clinical trials. If we fail to adequately manage the design, execution, and diverse regulatory aspects of our large and complex clinical trials or to manage the production or distribution of our clinical supply, corresponding regulatory approvals may be delayed, or we may fail to gain approval for our product candidates or could lose our ability to market existing products in certain therapeutic areas or altogether.