Our commercial airplanes business depends heavily on commercial airlines, and is subject to unique risks. Market conditions have a significant impact on demand for our commercial aircraft. The commercial aircraft market is predominantly driven by long-term trends in airline passenger and cargo traffic. Demand for our commercial aircraft is further influenced by airline profitability, availability of aircraft financing, technological changes, and other competitive factors. The introduction of new aircraft programs involves increased risks associated with meeting development, testing, production and certification schedules. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy regulatory and customer requirements, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. Operational challenges impacting the production system for one or more of our commercial aircraft programs could result in production delays and/or failure to meet customer demand for new aircraft, negatively impacting our revenues and operating margins. We continue to seek opportunities to reduce the costs of building our aircraft, including working with our suppliers to reduce supplier costs, identifying and implementing productivity improvements, and optimizing how we manage inventory. Our commercial aircraft production system is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with U.S. and non-U.S. suppliers, highly-skilled labor from thousands of employees and other partners, and stringent regulatory requirements and performance and reliability standards. We rely on other companies including subcontractors and suppliers to provide and produce raw materials, integrated components and sub-assemblies, and production commodities. If one or more of our suppliers or subcontractors experiences delivery delays or other performance problems, we may be unable to meet commitments to our customers or incur additional costs. We face certain security threats, including threats to the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data and systems. We maintain an extensive network of technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, monitoring systems and management oversight in order to address these threats. While these measures are designed to prevent, detect and respond to unauthorized activity in our systems, certain types of attacks, including cyber-attacks, could result in significant financial or information losses and/or reputational harm. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands and we price our products and services to provide a fair return for our shareholders while continuing to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality. Our BDS strategy is to leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets, underscored by an intense focus on growth and productivity. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of commercial airlines. Our commercial airplanes business depends on our ability to maintain a healthy production system, achieve planned production rate targets, and meet or exceed stringent performance and reliability standards. The commercial aircraft business is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with U.S. and non-U.S. suppliers, highly-skilled labor from thousands of employees and other partners, and stringent regulatory requirements and performance and reliability standards. Our ability to deliver products and services that satisfy customer requirements is heavily dependent on the performance of our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as on the availability of raw materials and other components.