The market for the services we offer is intensely competitive, and current and new competitors can launch new services at a relatively low cost. Many of our current and potential competitors, such as Google, Apple, Alibaba, Amazon, and Facebook, have access to significantly greater and more diversified resources than we do, and they may be able to leverage other aspects of their businesses to enable them to compete more effectively with us. We rely on online advertising channels to enhance our brand awareness and to generate a significant amount of traffic to our websites. Our online advertising efficiency is impacted by a number of factors that are subject to variability, including costs per click, cancellation rates, and our ability to convert paid traffic to booking customers. We have experienced a significant shift of business to mobile platforms, and our advertising partners are also seeing a rapid shift of traffic to mobile platforms. Our major competitors are offering mobile apps for travel products and other functionality, including proprietary last-minute discounts for accommodation reservations. Our mobile offerings have received generally strong reviews and are driving a material and increasing share of our business. We believe that mobile bookings present an opportunity for growth and are necessary to maintain and grow our business as consumers increasingly turn to mobile devices instead of personal computers. As a result, it is increasingly important for us to develop and maintain effective mobile apps and websites optimized for mobile devices to provide consumers with an appealing, easy-to-use mobile experience. Our information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, data communications, and outsourced data center costs. Information technology expenses increased during the year ended December 31, 2015, compared to the year ended December 31, 2014, due primarily to growth in our worldwide operations. We are also dependent on the performance of highly skilled personnel, and if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel or hire, retain, and motivate qualified personnel, our business would be harmed. Our performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals, including software engineers and technology professionals. We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological changes, and our future success will depend on our ability to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, to adapt our services to evolving industry standards, and to continually innovate and improve the performance, features, and reliability of our services in response to competitive service offerings and the evolving demands of the marketplace. We believe that ease-of-use, comprehensive functionality, and the look and feel of our mobile apps and mobile optimized websites increasingly will be competitively critical as consumers obtain more of their travel and restaurant services through mobile devices. Our technology infrastructure is vulnerable to damage or interruption from human error, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunication failures, and similar events. We have experienced rapid growth in consumer traffic to our websites and through our mobile apps, and if our systems cannot be expanded to cope with increased demand or fail to perform, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times, decreased customer service, and customer satisfaction. We rely on various third parties to process credit cards for our merchant transactions around the world, and any interruption in these third-party services and systems or deterioration in their performance could prevent us from booking related accommodation, rental car, and airline reservations and have a material adverse effect on our business, brands, and results of operations.