We are increasingly dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from cyber security and data leakage. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure could negatively impact operations. The ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction of confidential information stored in our systems. We have invested in industry appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and information technology to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. Although the aggregate impact on our operations and financial condition has not been material to date, we have been the target of events of this nature and expect them to continue and possibly increase in frequency. We depend on several key products for most of our revenues, cash flows and earnings. Our success is largely dependent on our continued ability to attract and retain highly qualified scientific, technical and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical research and development, governmental regulation and commercialization. We also may not be able to successfully realize the expected efficiencies and effectiveness from changes in our structure and operations to further our diversified specialty biopharmaceuticals strategy. We are focusing our efforts and resources in certain disease areas. With our more focused portfolio, investors are placing heightened scrutiny on some of our products or late-stage compounds. The announcement of data from our clinical studies, or those of our competitors, or news of any developments related to our immuno-oncology products or late-stage compounds may cause significant volatility in our stock price. Our product supply and related patient access could be negatively impacted by product seizures or recalls or forced closings of manufacturing plants. We rely on suppliers, vendors, outsourcing partners, alliance partners and other third parties to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, co-promote and sell our products, manage certain marketing, selling, human resource, finance, information technology and other business unit and functional services, and meet their contractual, regulatory, and other obligations. The failure of any critical third party to meet its obligations could have a material adverse impact on the company's operations and results. We are committed to ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements and maintaining the integrity of our information systems. The complexity in estimating the fair value of intangible assets in connection with an impairment test is similar to the initial valuation. We recognize accruals for contingencies, such as legal proceedings and claims arising out of our business, that cover a wide range of matters, including government investigations, shareholder lawsuits, product and environmental liability, contractual claims and tax matters. We have established a company-wide policy to limit our sales to direct customers for the purpose of complying with the SEC consent order. We believe the above-described procedures provide a reasonable basis to ensure compliance. The public announcement of data from our clinical studies, or those of our competitors, may cause significant volatility in our stock price. We are focused on discovering, developing and delivering innovative medicines that address serious unmet medical needs. Our strategic priorities are to drive business performance, maintain our leadership in immuno-oncology, maintain a diversified portfolio and continue our disciplined approach to capital allocation.