We rely on information technology in virtually all aspects of our business. A significant disruption or failure of our information technology systems could result in service interruptions, safety failures, security violations, regulatory compliance failures, an inability to protect information and assets against intruders, and other operational difficulties. Cybersecurity risks are a concern as attacks perpetrated against our information systems could result in loss of assets and critical information, exposing us to remediation costs and reputational damage. Although we have taken steps intended to mitigate these risks, including business continuity planning, disaster recovery planning, and business impact analysis, a significant disruption or cyber intrusion could lead to misappropriation of assets or data corruption and could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Additionally, if we are unable to acquire or implement new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage, which could also have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Our operating businesses are subject to normal economic cycles affecting the economy in general or the industries in which they operate. To the extent that the economy deteriorates for a prolonged period of time, one or more of our significant operations could be materially harmed. Our utilities and energy businesses, our railroad business, and our manufactured housing business regularly utilize debt as a component of their capital structures, which depend on having access to borrowed funds through the capital markets at reasonable rates. We concentrate a high percentage of the investments of our insurance subsidiaries in a small number of equity securities, and a significant decline in the fair values of our larger investments may produce a material decline in our consolidated shareholders' equity and our consolidated book value per share. Each of our operating businesses faces intense competitive pressures within markets in which they operate. While we manage our businesses with the objective of achieving long-term sustainable growth by developing and strengthening competitive advantages, many factors, including market and technology changes, may erode or prevent the strengthening of competitive advantages. Accordingly, future operating results will depend to some degree on whether our operating units are successful in protecting or enhancing their competitive advantages. We believe that the board's succession plan, together with the outstanding managers running our numerous and highly diversified operating units, helps to mitigate the risk associated with our dependence on key personnel for major investment and capital allocation decisions. Our decentralized business model necessitates qualified and competent management to direct day-to-day business activities of our operating subsidiaries, as well as personnel capable of executing their business plans and serving their customers, suppliers, and other stakeholders. Changes in demographics, training requirements, and the unavailability of qualified personnel could negatively impact our operating subsidiaries' ability to meet demands of customers to supply goods and services.