Our operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which may adversely affect our stock price. These fluctuations are influenced by numerous factors, including the ability to maintain appropriate inventory levels, price and product competition in the communications and networking industries, and the introduction and market acceptance of new technologies and products. The overall movement toward industry consolidation among both our competitors and our customers, as well as changes in sales and implementation cycles for our products, may also impact our business. Our ability to execute on our strategy and operating plans is critical, as is our capacity to achieve targeted cost reductions and realize benefits from our investments in engineering, sales, service, and marketing. We have been investing and expect to continue to invest in key growth areas such as data center virtualization, software, security, and cloud, while also focusing on maintaining leadership in routing, switching, and services. However, the return on these investments may be lower or develop more slowly than expected. Our revenue for a particular period is difficult to predict, especially in light of a challenging and inconsistent global macroeconomic environment and related market uncertainty. We have experienced periods of time during which shipments have exceeded net bookings or manufacturing issues have delayed shipments, leading to nonlinearity in shipping patterns. Additionally, the timing of large orders can significantly affect our business and operating results from quarter to quarter. The markets in which we compete are intensely competitive and characterized by rapid change, converging technologies, and a migration to networking and communications solutions that offer relative advantages. We face competition from numerous vendors in each product category, and the identity and composition of competitors may change as we increase our activity in newer product categories. Our strategy is to lead our customers in their digital transition with solutions that include pervasive, industry-leading security that intelligently connects nearly everything that can be connected. We understand how technology can deliver the outcomes our customers want to achieve, and our strategy is focused on providing highly secure, automated, and intelligent solutions built on infrastructure that connects data that is highly distributed. Our investments are designed to enable the increased use of the network as the platform for all forms of communications and IT. The success of new products depends on several factors, including proper new product definition, component costs, timely completion and introduction of these products, differentiation of new products from those of our competitors, and market acceptance of these products. Our business depends on the continued growth of the internet and internet-based systems, and any slowdown in capital spending adversely affecting spending on internet infrastructure could harm our operating results. We expect demand for customer financing to continue, particularly in serving customers involved in significant infrastructure projects. Our exposure to credit risks relating to our financing activities may increase if our customers are adversely affected by a global economic downturn or periods of economic uncertainty. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. Our ongoing consideration of all these factors could result in an increase in our allowance for credit loss in the future, which could adversely affect our operating results.