We rely extensively on information technology systems, some of which are managed or provided by third-party service providers, to analyze, process, store, manage and protect transactions and data. Our systems and the third-party systems on which we rely are subject to damage or interruption from a number of causes, including power outages; computer and telecommunications failures; computer viruses; security breaches; cyber-attacks; catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, or hurricanes; acts of war or terrorism; and design or usage errors by our associates, contractors or third-party service providers. Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. Through our information technology developments, we are able to provide an improved overall shopping and multichannel experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from computers, tablets, smartphones and other mobile devices. We have implemented programs like boss, bopis and direct fulfillment, and are rolling out bodfs, but we cannot guarantee that these programs or others we may implement will be implemented successfully or will meet customers' needs and expectations. Our information systems, and those of our third-party service providers and vendors, are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks. Unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to these systems or our information through fraud or other means of deceiving our associates, third-party service providers or vendors. We have implemented and regularly review and update processes and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of secured data and to prevent data loss. However, the ever-evolving threats mean we and our third-party service providers and vendors must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes, and there is no guarantee that they will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches or misuses of data. A failure of a key information technology system or process could adversely affect our business. We must continually anticipate and adapt to changes in the purchasing process. Our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including prevailing wage rates and health and other insurance costs, as well as the impact of legislation or regulations governing labor relations, minimum wage, or healthcare benefits. Our business, like that of most retailers, involves the receipt, storage and transmission of customers' personal information, consumer preferences and payment card information, as well as confidential information about our associates, our suppliers and our company. We are also facing investigations by a number of state and federal agencies. If our efforts to maintain the privacy and security of customer, associate, supplier and company information are not successful, we could incur substantial additional costs and reputational damage, and could become subject to further litigation and enforcement actions. The implementation of our supply chain and technology initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail. We have made, and we plan to continue to make, significant investments in our supply chain and technology. Our focus on interconnecting retail is based on building a competitive and seamless platform across all commerce channels. We expect this facility, along with our other two new dfcs in California and Georgia, to enable us to reach 90% of our U.S. customers in two business days or less with parcel shipping. We also began further interconnecting our distribution networks. Our ability to access products from our suppliers can be adversely affected by political instability, military conflict, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers' noncompliance with applicable laws, trade restrictions, tariffs, currency exchange rates, and other factors beyond our or our suppliers' control.