Our business and the businesses of the companies in which we invest are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world, such as interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls, and national and international political circumstances. Difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments that we manage or by reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could negatively impact our net income and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. We face operational risk from errors made in the execution, confirmation, or settlement of transactions. Our information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, may not be suitable for new products and strategies, and may be subject to security risks, and the cost of maintaining such systems may increase from our current level. A disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us, our vendors, or third parties with whom we conduct business, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. We face various security threats on a regular basis, including ongoing cyber security threats to and attacks on our information technology infrastructure that are intended to gain access to our proprietary information, destroy data, or disable, degrade, or sabotage our systems. Our ability to generate returns on these assets and make cash available for distribution to our unitholders would be reduced to the extent that changes in market conditions cause the cost of our financing to increase relative to the income that can be derived from the assets acquired and financed. Our investment management activities involve investments in relatively high-risk, illiquid assets, and we may fail to realize any profits from these activities for a considerable period of time or lose some or all of the capital invested. We rely heavily on our financial, accounting, and other data processing systems. If any of these systems do not operate properly or are disabled, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to our funds, regulatory intervention, or reputational damage. Our ability to attract new capital and investors in our funds is driven, in part, by the extent to which they continue to see the alternative asset management industry generally, and our investment products specifically, as an attractive vehicle for capital appreciation or income. Our ability to maintain and grow our revenue base is dependent upon our ability to successfully deploy the capital from our funds and our balance sheet. Greater competition, high valuations, increased overall cost of credit, and other general market conditions may impact our ability to identify and execute attractive investments. We have made significant expenditures to develop new strategies and products, and there is no assurance that they will achieve a satisfactory level of scale and profitability. The success of our organic growth strategy will also depend on our ability to correctly identify and create products that appeal to the limited partners of our funds and vehicles. The valuation of our level III investments at December 31, 2015 represents management's best estimate of the amounts that we would anticipate realizing on the sale of these investments at such date.