We depend heavily on contracts with the U.S. government for a substantial portion of our business. Our information systems & global solutions (IS&GS) business segment has been impacted by the continued downturn in certain federal agencies’ information technology budgets and increased re-competition on existing contracts coupled with the fragmentation of large contracts into multiple smaller contracts that are awarded primarily on the basis of price. Changes in our business environment require us to be agile and evolve our business models, processes, and products. We are facing increased competition, particularly in information technology at our IS&GS business segment and cybersecurity at our mission systems and training (MST) business segment, from non-traditional competitors outside of the aerospace and defense industry. Our businesses with smaller, short-term contracts are the most susceptible to the impacts of budget reductions, such as our IS&GS business segment. The competitive bidding process entails substantial costs and managerial time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may not be awarded to us or may be split among competitors. We must comply with and are affected by laws and regulations relating to the award, administration, and performance of U.S. government contracts. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a qualified workforce. Our future performance is highly dependent upon our ability to maintain a workforce with the requisite skills in multiple areas including information technology, cybersecurity, business development, and strategy. We face a number of challenges that may affect personnel retention such as our endeavors to increase the efficiency of our operations and improve the affordability of our products and services. We are pursuing a plan to separate and combine our government information technology and technical services businesses with Leidos Holdings, Inc. in a tax-efficient reverse Morris trust transaction. The transaction is expected to unlock approximately $5.0 billion in estimated enterprise value for our stockholders. We expect our 2016 net sales will increase in the high single-digit range from 2015 levels, driven by the addition of Sikorsky and increased volume expected on the F-35 program, offset by volume declines at our IS&GS and space systems business segments. Our 2016 outlook includes amounts for the government IT infrastructure services and technical services businesses we expect to divest. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives and expect to continue to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers. We have a balanced cash deployment strategy to enhance stockholder value and position ourselves to take advantage of new business opportunities when they arise. Our strong operating cash flows enabled our board of directors to approve two key cash deployment initiatives in September 2015. We have generated strong operating cash flows, which have been the primary source of funding for our operations, capital expenditures, debt service, and repayments. The majority of our capital expenditures for 2015 and those planned for 2016 are for equipment, facilities infrastructure, and information technology. We also incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software. Our acquisition of Sikorsky adds a significant international component to our MST business segment with an installed base of over 1,000 aircraft internationally. We routinely experience cybersecurity threats, threats to our information technology infrastructure, and unauthorized attempts to gain access to our company sensitive information. If we are unable to protect sensitive information, our customers or governmental authorities could question the adequacy of our threat mitigation and detection processes and procedures.