We may not be able to realize the benefits of our strategic initiatives focused on omni-channel sales and marketing presence if we fail to deliver the capabilities required to execute on them. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed and provide a consistent customer experience. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands will require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring more integrated planning, initiative prioritization and program sequencing. These initiatives will require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees and contractors will have to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Our results of operations, financial condition, or business prospects could also be adversely affected if we fail to provide a consistent experience for our customers, regardless of sales channel, if our technology systems do not meet our customers' expectations, or if we are unable to attract and retain additional personnel at various levels of the company who have the skills and capabilities we need to implement our strategic initiatives. Our financial performance could suffer if we fail to properly improve and maintain our critical information systems or if those systems are seriously disrupted. An important part of our efforts to provide an omni-channel experience for our customers, we must invest in, maintain and make ongoing improvements of our existing management information systems that support operations such as sales, inventory replenishment, merchandise ordering, project design and execution, transportation, receipt processing and fulfillment. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption as a result of catastrophic events, power outages, viruses, malicious attacks, telecommunications failures, and we may incur significant expense, data loss as well as a well in customer confidence. Additionally, we continually make investments in our systems which may introduce disruption. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to a variety of external factors, including wage rates, the availability of and competition for talent, health care and other benefit costs, our brand image and reputation, changing demographics, and adoption of new or revised employment and labor laws and regulations. As customer-facing technology systems become an increasingly important part of our omni-channel sales and marketing strategy, the failure of those systems to perform effectively and reliably could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omni-channel experience as they increasingly are using computers, tablets, mobile phones and other devices to shop in our stores and online and provide feedback and public commentary about all aspects of our business. Cyber-attacks and tactics designed to gain access to and exploit sensitive information by breaching mission-critical systems of large organizations are constantly evolving, and high-profile electronic security breaches leading to unauthorized release of sensitive customer information have occurred in recent years with increasing frequency at a number of major U.S. companies, including several large retailers. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed and provide a consistent customer experience. If we fail to hire, train, manage and retain qualified sales associates and specialists with expanded skill sets or corporate support staff with the capabilities of delivering on strategic objectives, we could lose sales to our competitors. The significant expansion in the use of social media over recent years has compounded the potential scope of the negative publicity that could be generated by such negative incidents. Our ability to deliver the expected benefits from any strategic transactions is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including our ability to integrate personnel, labor models, financial, IT and other systems successfully.