The payments industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes, which can impact our business in several ways. Technological changes, including continuing developments of technologies in the areas of smart cards and devices, contactless and mobile payments, e-commerce, and cryptocurrency and blockchain technology, could result in new technologies that may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies we currently use in our programs and services. Moreover, these changes could result in new and innovative payment methods and programs that could place us at a competitive disadvantage and reduce the use of Mastercard products. Our ability to develop and adopt new services and technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide solutions and standards, and by resistance from customers or merchants to such changes. Our ability to develop evolving systems and products may be inhibited by any difficulty we may experience in attracting and retaining technology experts. We work with large digital companies and other technology companies that use our technology to enhance payment safety and security and to deliver their payment-related products and services quickly and efficiently to consumers. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential, proprietary, and other information in our computer systems and networks. Information security risks for payments and technology companies such as Mastercard have significantly increased in recent years due to the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, and other external parties. Our technologies, systems, and networks have been subject to cyber-attacks. We maintain an information security program, a business continuity program, and insurance coverage to address or mitigate these risks. The potential outcome of any legislative, regulatory, or litigation action could have a more positive or negative impact on Mastercard relative to its competitors. If we are ultimately unsuccessful in our defense of interchange fees, any such legislation, regulation, and/or litigation may have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations. The global payments industry is highly competitive, and our payment programs compete against all forms of payment, including cash and checks; electronic, mobile, and e-commerce payment platforms; cryptocurrencies; ACH payment services; and other payments networks. Our ability to compete may also be affected by the outcomes of litigation, competition-related regulatory proceedings, central bank activity, and legislative activity. Our inability to control end-to-end processing may put us at a competitive disadvantage by limiting our ability to introduce value-added programs and services that are dependent upon us processing the underlying transactions. We also compete against new entrants that have developed alternative payments systems, e-commerce payments systems, and payments systems for mobile devices. Our failure to compete effectively against any of the foregoing competitive threats could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations. The continued focus of merchants on the costs of accepting various forms of payment, including in connection with the growth of digital payments, may lead to additional litigation and regulatory proceedings. Our work with governments exposes us to unique risks that could have a material impact on our business and results of operations. As we increase our work with national, state, and local governments, both indirectly through financial institutions and with them directly as our customers, we may face various risks inherent in associating or contracting directly with governments.