nee and fpl are highly dependent on sensitive and complex information technology systems, and any failure or breach of those systems could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. the continuous functioning of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure is required in their highly regulated industry. if nee's or fpl's information technology systems were to fail or be breached, sensitive confidential and other data could be compromised, and they could be unable to fulfill critical business functions. the development and maintenance of information technology systems to keep track of and process information is critical and challenging due to the size, scope, complexity, and geographical reach of their business. any such failure or disabling event could materially adversely affect their ability to process transactions and provide services. nee and fpl add, modify, and replace information systems regularly, and modifying existing information systems or implementing new or replacement systems involves risks, including integrating the modified, new, or replacement system with existing systems and processes. disruptions or deficiencies in existing information systems, or disruptions, delays, or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new information systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues, and the diversion of management's and employees' attention and resources. the companies also face the risks of operational failure or capacity constraints of third parties, including those who provide power transmission and natural gas transportation services. the retail businesses of nee and fpl require access to sensitive customer data, and if a significant breach occurred, it could materially adversely affect their reputation and results of operations. the companies' business is influenced by various legislative and regulatory initiatives, including new or revised laws, regulations, interpretations, and other regulatory initiatives regarding deregulation or restructuring of the energy industry, which could increase costs and competitive pressures. nee and fpl utilize derivative instruments to manage commodity price risk inherent in the purchase and sale of fuel and electricity, as well as interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate risk associated primarily with outstanding and forecasted debt issuances and borrowings. they are exposed to risks associated with adverse changes in commodity prices, interest rates, and equity prices, and management has established risk management policies to monitor and manage such market risks. the companies' operations are subject to many operational risks, including risks associated with facility start-up operations, failures in the availability, acquisition, or transportation of fuel or other necessary supplies, and performance below expected or contracted levels of output or efficiency. changes in the fair value of nee's consolidated subsidiaries' energy contract derivative instruments are significant, and the management of these risks is critical to the companies' financial performance. the companies' ability to manage their operational risks, including those related to information technology systems, is essential for maintaining their competitive positioning and achieving their business objectives.