We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Economic, political, and market conditions can adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price. Our business is influenced by a range of factors that are beyond our control, including overall demand for enterprise software, cloud offerings, hardware systems, and services. Any general weakening of the global economy or the curtailment of government or corporate spending could cause current or potential customers to reduce or eliminate their information technology (IT) budgets and spending, which could cause customers to delay, decrease, or cancel purchases of our products and services. Our Oracle Cloud strategy may adversely affect our revenues and profitability, as we offer customers a full range of consumption models including the deployment of our products via our cloud-based SaaS, PaaS, IaaS, and DaaS offerings. These business models continue to evolve, and we may not be able to compete effectively, generate significant revenues, or maintain the profitability of our cloud offerings. The increasing prevalence of cloud and SaaS delivery models offered by us and our competitors may unfavorably impact the pricing of our on-premises enterprise software offerings and our cloud offerings. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development and communications infrastructure, changing and increasingly sophisticated customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our products and support services in a timely manner, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our software, hardware, or cloud offerings. Our hardware systems business may adversely affect our overall profitability if we do not effectively manage the associated risks. We may not achieve our estimated revenue, profit, or other financial projections with respect to our hardware systems business in a timely manner or at all due to a number of factors, including as we develop and introduce new versions or next generations of our hardware systems products, customers may defer or delay purchases of existing hardware systems products and wait for these new releases. Our hardware systems products revenues, cost of hardware systems products, and hardware systems operating margins are affected by our strategy for and the competitive position of our hardware systems products, the strength of general economic and business conditions, governmental budgetary constraints, certain of our acquisitions, and foreign currency rate fluctuations. Our hardware systems support offerings provide customers with software updates for software components that are essential to the functionality of our hardware products, such as Oracle Solaris and certain other software products. We have a selective and active acquisition program that is an important element of our corporate strategy, which we believe enhances the products and services that we can offer to customers, expands our customer base, and increases stockholder value.