Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including the need to effectively manage future growth and improve our systems, processes, and controls. The growth and expansion of our business places a significant strain on our management, operational, and financial resources. To manage future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes efficiently. We may not be able to successfully scale improvements to our enterprise resource planning system or implement or scale improvements to our other systems, processes, and controls in an efficient or timely manner. Our existing systems may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions, or fraud, and difficulties in managing improvements to our systems could disrupt existing customer relationships or increase our technical support costs. Our failure to improve our systems, processes, and controls may result in our inability to manage the growth of our business and to accurately forecast our revenue, expenses, and earnings. We are implementing new enterprise management systems, and any failure to implement these systems may disrupt our operations. Our productivity and the quality of our products and services may be adversely affected if we do not integrate and train our new employees effectively. Our future success depends on our ability to expand the deployment of our platform with existing end-customers and to upsell additional subscription services. This may require increasingly sophisticated and costly sales efforts that may not result in additional sales. The rate at which our end-customers purchase additional products and services depends on various factors, including the perceived need for additional security products and general economic conditions. Our business strategy is to leverage our technology capabilities to enhance our competitive position, but we face intense competition in our market. We must continually introduce new products, services, and technologies and enhance existing offerings to remain competitive. Our ability to attract and retain new end-customers and manage production and manufacturing-related costs is critical. We rely on third-party manufacturers for our products, and any disruption in their operations could negatively affect our ability to fulfill orders. Our products must interoperate with our end-customers' existing infrastructure, which can complicate network issues. Our ability to sell our products is dependent on the quality of our technical support services, and failure to provide high-quality support could adversely affect customer satisfaction and sales. We are also subject to various regulatory requirements that could impact our operations. Our corporate culture fosters innovation and teamwork, which are critical to our success. We believe that our growth is dependent on our ability to extend our technology leadership and focus on end-customer satisfaction. Our future capital requirements will depend on factors such as our growth rate, spending to support development efforts, and the introduction of new products and services. We may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds, and if we are unable to raise additional capital, our business may be adversely affected.