We rely extensively on information technology (IT) systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities and tools, and other hardware, software, and technical applications and platforms, to assist in conducting our business. The various uses of these IT systems include ordering and managing materials from suppliers, converting materials to finished products, shipping products to customers, marketing and selling products to consumers, collecting, transmitting, transferring, and storing customer, consumer, employee, vendor, investor, and other stakeholder information and personal data, summarizing and reporting results of operations, hosting, processing, and sharing confidential and proprietary research, business plans, and financial information, complying with regulatory, legal, and tax requirements, providing data security, and handling other processes necessary to manage our business. Numerous and evolving information security threats, including advanced persistent cybersecurity threats, pose a risk to the security of our IT systems, networks, and services, as well as the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. We continue to assess potential threats and make investments seeking to address these threats, including monitoring of networks and systems and upgrading skills, employee training, and security policies for the company and its third-party providers. However, because the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time, we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures. Our IT systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, phishing, and other cyber-attacks. If the IT systems, networks, or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly, or if we or one of our third-party providers suffer a loss, significant unavailability of or disclosure of our business or stakeholder information, due to any number of causes, ranging from catastrophic events or power outages to improper data handling or security breaches, and our business continuity plans do not effectively address these failures on a timely basis, we may be exposed to reputational, competitive, and business harm as well as litigation and regulatory action. The costs and operational consequences of responding to breaches and implementing remediation measures could be significant. Our ability to meet our customers' needs and achieve cost targets depends on our ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements, including execution of our previously announced supply chain simplifications and certain sole supplier or sole manufacturing plant arrangements. The loss or disruption of such manufacturing and supply arrangements could interrupt product supply and, if not effectively managed and remedied, have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our organizational structure is comprised of global business units, selling and market operations, global business services, and corporate functions. Global business services provide technology, processes, and standard data tools to enable the global business units and the selling and market operations to better understand the business and better serve consumers and customers. The GBS organization is responsible for providing world-class solutions at a low cost and with minimal capital investment. We must also successfully manage compliance with legislation, regulation, and enforcement, as well as pending legal matters in the U.S. and abroad. Rapidly changing laws, regulations, and related interpretations create challenges for our compliance and ethics programs and may alter the environment in which we do business.