Our business and operations could suffer in the event of system failures or cyber security attacks. Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for our internal information technology systems, our systems are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication failures and cyber security attacks, such as computer viruses or unauthorized access. Any compromise of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, unauthorized access to information of ours and others, significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, loss or misuse of the information and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could harm our business. We may also be impacted by the ability of our non-U.S. subsidiaries to dividend or otherwise transfer cash among our subsidiaries, including transfers of cash to pay interest and principal on our debt, due to currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations and potentially adverse tax consequences, among other factors. Our ability to access debt and equity capital on favorable terms or at all depends on a number of factors, including general market conditions, the market's perception of our growth potential, our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions and the market price of our securities. We believe the scale and quality of our operating platform, the skills of our team and the strength of our balance sheet gives us unique competitive advantages. Our plan to grow revenue, earnings, net operating income, cash flows and core funds from operations is based on rising rents, value creation from development, and economies of scale from growth in assets under management. We believe a successful development program involves maintaining control of well-positioned land. Our owned and managed land bank has the potential to support the development of more than 154 million additional square feet of industrial space. The operating fundamentals in the markets in which we operate have been improving, which has positively affected both the occupancy and rental rates we have experienced and also has fueled development activity. Our investments in real estate properties are subject to varying degrees of risk. While we seek to minimize these risks through geographic diversification of our portfolio, market research and our asset management capabilities, these risks cannot be eliminated. Our ability to sell properties on advantageous terms is affected by competition from other owners of properties that are trying to dispose of their properties, market conditions, including the capitalization rates applicable to our properties, and other factors beyond our control. We may also decide to sell properties to certain of our unconsolidated co-investment ventures or third parties to generate proceeds to fund our capital deployment activities. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of available funds that we may invest in these ventures, and we may and currently intend to develop and acquire properties through co-investment ventures and investments in other entities when warranted by the circumstances. We are subject to risks and liabilities in connection with forming co-investment ventures, investing in new or existing co-investment ventures, attracting third-party investment and investing in and managing properties through co-investment ventures. We generally seek to maintain sufficient influence over our co-investment ventures to permit us to achieve our business objectives; however, we may not be able to continue to do so indefinitely. Our relationships with our partners are generally contractual in nature and may be terminated or dissolved under the terms of the agreements, and in such event, we may not continue to manage or invest in the assets underlying such relationships resulting in reduced fee revenue or causing a need to purchase such interest to continue ownership.