Our revenues depend on commercial network deployments, expansions, and upgrades of CDMA, OFDMA, and other communications technologies, as well as our ability to drive our customers' demand for our products and services. We develop, patent, and commercialize technology and products based on these communications technologies, primarily wireless. Our industry is subject to competition in an environment of rapid technological change that could result in decreased demand and/or declining average selling prices for our products and those of our customers and/or licensees. We expect competition to increase as our current competitors expand their product offerings or reduce the prices of their products as part of a strategy to attract new business and/or customers. Competition in wireless communications is affected by various factors, including device manufacturer concentrations, growth in emerging geographic regions, and the evolving nature of computing. We anticipate that additional competitors will introduce products as a result of growth opportunities in wireless communications, technological changes, and relatively low barriers to entry in certain segments of the industry. Our future success will depend on our ability to differentiate our integrated circuit products with innovative technologies and to drive the adoption of our integrated circuit products into the most popular device models. We also need to maintain and/or accelerate demand for our integrated circuit products at the premium device tier while increasing the adoption of our products in mid- and low-tier devices. Our strategic management practices include identifying potential acquisition targets that will grow or sustain our business or address strategic needs and effectively integrating these new businesses and/or technologies. We expect that our business will be impacted by changing industry dynamics, including an increased shift in share among our customers within the premium tier, which will continue to negatively impact sales of our integrated Snapdragon processors. We continue to invest significant resources toward advancements in 3G, 3G/4G multimode, and 4G LTE technologies, as well as in targeted opportunities that utilize our existing technical and business expertise to deploy new business models and enter into new industry segments. Our research, development, and other investments in new technologies, products, and services may not generate operating income or contribute to future operating results that meet our expectations. We rely on independent third-party suppliers to perform the manufacturing and assembly of our integrated circuits, and our ability to meet customer demand could be adversely affected by a reduction, interruption, delay, or limitation in our product supply sources. We also face risks associated with our intellectual property rights, including potential litigation and the need to protect our proprietary information, technologies, and processes. Our business may suffer as a result of new or changed laws, regulations, or policies, and we are subject to various governmental investigations and/or proceedings that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows. We expect that certain companies may continue to be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technology and may challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world.