The company faces operational risk, which is the potential for loss due to inadequate or failed internal processes, systems, and firms or exchanges handling client orders, or from external events and relationships impacting the company and/or any of its key business partners and vendors. This risk also includes the risk of human error, execution errors, errors in models such as those used for asset management, capital planning and management, risk management, stress testing and compliance, employee misconduct, unauthorized trading, external fraud, computer viruses, distributed denial of service attacks, terrorist attacks, natural disaster, power outage, capacity constraints, software flaws and similar events. The company is committed to an ongoing process of upgrading, enhancing, and testing its technology systems to meet client needs, market and regulatory changes, and deploying standardized technology platforms. The company maintains systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, although violations could occur. The company has established risk metrics and reporting that enable measurement of the impact of strategy execution against risk appetite. The operational risk oversight committee provides oversight of operational risk management policies, risk tolerance levels, and operational risk governance processes. The company also faces information security risk, which is the potential for unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction of the firm's information or systems. The company continuously monitors its systems and works collaboratively with government agencies, law enforcement, and other financial institutions to address potential threats. The company has specific policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, and uses periodic risk self-assessments and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. The company has a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact. The company’s ability to develop and launch new products, services, and capabilities in a timely and successful manner is crucial for maintaining its competitive position. The company utilizes technology to enhance operational efficiency and improve client service. The company’s financial results are highly correlated to the general overall strength of economic conditions and, more specifically, to the direction of the U.S. equity and fixed income markets, the mortgage lending markets, and residential credit trends. The company is also dependent on the integrity and performance of securities exchanges, clearing houses, and other intermediaries to which client orders are routed for execution and settlement. The company maintains policies and procedures regarding the standard of care expected with company data, whether the data is internal company information, employee information, or non-public client information. The company’s operations are highly dependent on the integrity of its technology systems, and the company's success depends, in part, on its ability to make timely enhancements and additions to its technology in anticipation of evolving client needs. The company has established a policy to describe the roles and responsibilities of all key stakeholders in model development, management, and use, ensuring that models used for various purposes, including calculating capital requirements and estimating interest and credit risk, are effectively governed. The company’s risk management efforts include maintaining backup and recovery functions, including facilities for backup and communications, and conducting periodic testing of disaster recovery plans.