We rely on our information technology environment and certain critical databases, systems and applications to support key product and service offerings. We believe we have appropriate policies, processes and internal controls to ensure the stability of our information technology, provide security from unauthorized access to our systems and maintain business continuity, but our business could be subject to significant disruption and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by unanticipated system failures, data corruption or unauthorized access to our systems. We make significant investments in information technology data centers and other technology initiatives and we cannot provide assurances that such investments will result in increased revenues. Our businesses have a customer base which is largely comprised of members from the financial services and commodities industries. The current challenging business environment and the consolidation of customers resulting from mergers and acquisitions in the financial services and commodities industries can result in reductions in the number of firms and workforce which can impact the size of our customer base. Our ability to produce our products and develop new products is dependent upon the products of other suppliers, including certain data, software and service suppliers. Some of our products are dependent upon updates from our data suppliers and most of our information and data products are dependent upon continuing access to historical and current data. We utilize certain data provided by third-party data sources in a variety of ways, including large volumes of data from certain stock exchanges around the world. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive and other types of information in our computer systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors. The cyber risks we face range from cyber-attacks common to most industries to more advanced threats that target us because of our prominence in the global marketplace, or due to our ratings of sovereign debt. Breaches of our or our vendors' technology and systems, whether from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks or other cyber-attacks, hacking, computer viruses or malware, employee error, malfeasance, physical breaches or other actions, may cause material interruptions or malfunctions in our or such vendors' websites, applications or data processing, or may compromise the confidentiality and integrity of material information regarding us or our business or customers. We have outsourced certain support functions to third-party service providers to leverage leading specialized capabilities and achieve cost efficiencies. If the service providers to which we have outsourced these functions do not perform effectively, we may not be able to achieve the expected cost savings and, depending on the function involved, we may experience business disruption, processing inefficiencies, or harm employee morale. We are subject to complex U.S., European and other local laws and regulations that are applicable to our operations abroad, including trade sanctions laws, anti-corruption laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, anti-bribery laws, anti-money laundering laws, and other financial crimes laws. Compliance with international and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases the cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions. Our ability to protect our intellectual property rights could impact our competitive position. Our products contain intellectual property delivered through a variety of digital and other media. Our ability to achieve anticipated results depends in part on our ability to defend our intellectual property against infringement. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by inadequate or changing legal and technological protections for intellectual property and proprietary rights in some jurisdictions and markets.