We rely extensively on information technology (IT) systems to conduct business. These systems include, but are not limited to, ordering and managing materials from suppliers, converting materials to finished products, shipping products to customers, processing transactions, summarizing and reporting results of operations, complying with regulatory, legal or tax requirements, providing data security and other processes necessary to manage our business. Our reliance on networks and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities and tools and other hardware, software and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. Numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats, including advanced persistent threats, pose a potential risk to the security of our IT systems, networks and services, as well as the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data and our responsibilities to governments. We have made investments seeking to address these threats, including monitoring of networks and systems, hiring of experts, employee training and security policies for employees and third-party providers; however, because the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time, we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures. If the IT systems are damaged or cease to function properly due to any number of causes, networks or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly, or if we or one of our third-party providers suffer a loss or disclosure of our business or stakeholder information, due to any number of causes, ranging from catastrophic events or power outages to improper data handling or security breaches, and our business continuity plans do not effectively address these failures on a timely basis, we may be exposed to reputational, competitive and business harm as well as litigation and regulatory action. The costs and operational consequences of interruptions in our operations and responding to breaches and implementing remediation measures could be significant. An inability to successfully manage the implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning ("ERP") system could adversely affect our operations and operating results. We are in the process of implementing a new global ERP system. This system will replace many of our existing operating and financial systems. Such an implementation is a major undertaking both financially and from a management and personnel perspective. Should the system not be implemented successfully, or if the system does not perform in a satisfactory manner, it could be disruptive and adversely affect our operations and results of operations, including our ability to report accurate and timely financial results. Our ability to issue additional debt or enter into other financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected by our debt levels, unfavorable changes in economic conditions generally or uncertainties that affect the capital markets. We have ongoing responsibilities under FDA regulations with respect to our products and facilities and are subject to periodic inspections by the FDA and others to determine compliance with the quality system and medical device reporting regulations and other requirements. If we fail to fully comply with applicable regulatory requirements, we may be subject to a range of sanctions, including warning letters, product recalls, the suspension of product manufacturing, monetary fines and criminal prosecution.