Our business relies heavily on information technology ("IT") systems as an important part of our internal controls in order to operate, transact and otherwise manage our business, as well as provide effective and timely reporting of our financial results. We cannot assure you that we will not discover material weaknesses within our IT controls or other aspects of our internal control over financial reporting in the future. The existence of one or more material weaknesses could result in errors in our financial statements, and substantial costs and resources may be required to rectify these or other internal control deficiencies. We rely upon our systems and networks, and the systems and networks of other providers and suppliers, to provide and support our services and, in some cases, to protect our customers' and our information. Failure of our or others' systems, networks and infrastructure may prevent us from providing reliable service, or may allow for the unauthorized use of or interference with our networks and other systems. We depend heavily on suppliers and other third parties in order for us to efficiently operate our business. Our business is complex, and it is not unusual for multiple vendors located in multiple locations to help us to develop, maintain and troubleshoot products and services, such as network components, software development services, and billing and customer service support. Our ability to compete will depend on, among other things, continued absolute and relative improvement in network quality and customer services, effective marketing and selling of products and services, attractive pricing, and cost management, all of which will involve significant expenses. We expect market saturation to continue to cause the wireless industry's customer growth rate to be moderate in comparison with historical growth rates or possibly negative, leading to increased competition for customers. Our ability to take advantage of technological developments on a timely basis is critical; otherwise, we may experience a decline in demand for our services or face challenges in implementing or evolving our business strategy. We are currently implementing a new customer billing system, which involves moving to a new third-party billing services vendor and platform through utilization of a phased deployment approach. Interruptions and/or failure of this new billing services system could disrupt our operations and impact our ability to provide or bill for our services, retain customers, attract new customers or negatively impact overall customer experience. Our business, like that of most retailers and wireless companies, involves the receipt, storage and transmission of personal information, consumer preferences and payment card information of our customers and other persons who apply to become customers, confidential information about our employees and suppliers, and other sensitive information about our company, such as our business plans, transactions and intellectual property. Cyber-attacks, such as denial of service, advanced persistent threats, other malicious attacks, unauthorized access or distribution of confidential information by third parties or employees, errors or breaches by third party suppliers, or other breaches of security could disrupt our internal systems and applications, impair our ability to provide services to our customers, and protect the privacy and confidentiality of our sensitive information. We regularly review our processes and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of sensitive data and to prevent data loss, but the ever-evolving threat landscape requires us to continually evaluate and adapt our systems and processes. Our financial performance will be impaired if we experience high fraud rates related to device financing, credit cards, dealers, or subscriptions. If our fraud detection strategies and processes are not successful in detecting and controlling fraud, the resulting loss of revenue or increased expenses could have a materially adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.