We are currently expanding and improving our information technology systems, including implementing new internally developed systems, to assist us in the management of our business. In particular, our volume production of multiple vehicles necessitates continued development, maintenance, and improvement of our information technology systems in the U.S. and abroad, which include product data management, procurement, inventory management, production planning and execution, sales, service and logistics, dealer management, financial, tax, and regulatory compliance systems. The implementation, maintenance, and improvement of these systems require significant management time, support, and cost. Moreover, there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving, and expanding our core systems as well as implementing new systems, including the disruption of our data management, procurement, manufacturing execution, finance, supply chain, and sales and service processes. These risks may affect our ability to manage our data and inventory, procure parts or supplies, or manufacture, sell, deliver, and service vehicles, or achieve and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, tax laws and other applicable regulations. We also maintain information technology measures designed to protect us against system security risks, data breaches, and cyber-attacks. Our ability to effectively support business needs has become a key in transforming our firm into a competitive force. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. We expect our long-term sales outside of North America will be almost half of our worldwide automotive revenue. As compared to markets in the United States, we have relatively limited experience in international markets, and thus we may face difficulties meeting our future international expansion plans. If we experience unexpected difficulties or delays in finding and opening desirable locations for stores and service centers, we may not be able to meet our delivery plans. Our current sources of liquidity, including cash and cash equivalents, together with our current projections of cash flow from operating activities, will provide us with adequate liquidity over the next 12 months based on our current plans. These cash flows enable us to fund our ongoing operations, continue research and development projects, including those for our planned model 3 vehicle, establish sales and service centers, and build and deploy superchargers. We plan to invest in equipment to support cell production at the gigafactory, begin installation of model 3 vehicle production machinery, and open about 80 retail locations and service centers. Our operating expenses are expected to grow by about 20% in 2016 as compared to 2015, driven primarily by the expansion of our retail and service centers as well as increases in general and administrative costs to support the growth of the business. We are subject to various privacy and consumer protection laws. Our privacy policy is posted on our website, and any failure by us or our vendor or other business partners to comply with it or with federal, state, or international privacy, data protection, or security laws or regulations could result in regulatory or litigation-related actions against us, legal liability, fines, damages, and other costs.