Despite the pandemic, Merck employees across the organization continued their important work, enrolling and maintaining clinical studies, progressing the pipeline and ensuring the supply of and patient access to the company’s portfolio of medically important medicines and vaccines; in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Merck remains focused on protecting the safety of its employees, ensuring that its supply of medicines and vaccines reaches its patients, contributing its scientific expertise to the development of antiviral approaches, and supporting health care providers and Merck’s communities. During 2020, the estimated negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic to Merck’s sales was approximately $2.5 billion, largely attributable to the pharmaceutical segment; however, sales of Pneumovax 23 increased due to heightened awareness of pneumococcal vaccination. Operating expenses were positively affected in 2020 by approximately $600 million, primarily due to lower promotional and selling costs, as well as lower research and development expenses, net of investments in COVID-19-related antiviral and vaccine research programs, and Merck believes that global health systems and patients have largely adapted to the impacts of COVID-19, although residual negative impacts are expected to persist into 2021. The company is allocating resources to support its commercial opportunities in the near term while making the necessary investments to support long-term growth and actively monitors the business development landscape for growth opportunities that meet its strategic criteria. To expand its oncology presence, Merck completed the acquisitions of ArQule, Inc. and VelosBio Inc. and entered into strategic collaboration agreements with Seagen; as part of industry-wide efforts to develop solutions to the pandemic, the company acquired OncoImmune and Themis Bioscience GmbH and entered into strategic collaborations to develop antiviral and vaccine candidates against SARS-CoV-2. In early 2019, Merck approved a new global restructuring program to optimize its manufacturing and supply network and reduce its global real estate footprint, targeting annual net cost savings of approximately $900 million by the end of 2023. Merck’s strong financial profile enables it to fund research and development, focus on external alliances, support in-line products and maximize upcoming launches while providing significant cash returns to shareholders. To mitigate market volatility, the company has established revenue hedging, balance sheet risk management and net investment hedging programs to protect against currency and fair-value fluctuations and uses interest rate swap contracts on selected investing and borrowing transactions to manage its exposure to interest rate changes and reduce its overall cost of borrowing.