item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our consolidated financial statements in part iv within this annual report. this discussion includes an analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2020 and fiscal year 2019 and year-over-year comparisons between those periods. for year-over-year comparisons between fiscal year 2019 and fiscal year 2018, refer to part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2019 filed with the sec on may 30, 2019.
overview we are a global leader in designing, marketing, and distributing innovative footwear, apparel, and accessories developed for both everyday casual lifestyle use and high-performance activities. we market our products primarily under five proprietary brands: ugg, hoka, teva, sanuk and koolaburra. we believe that our products are distinctive and appeal broadly to women, men, and children. we sell our products through quality domestic and international retailers, international distributors, and directly to our consumers both domestically and internationally through our dtc business, which is comprised of our retail stores and e-commerce websites. we seek to differentiate our brands and products by offering diverse lines that emphasize authenticity, functionality, quality, and comfort, and products tailored to a variety of activities, seasons, and demographic groups. all of our products are currently manufactured by independent manufacturers.
trends and uncertainties impacting our business during early calendar year 2020, the covid-19 pandemic (referred to herein as covid-19 or the covid-19 pandemic) spread globally, including throughout the geographic regions in which we operate our business, and where our wholesale customers, retail stores, manufacturers, and suppliers are located.
in response to the pandemic, many federal, state, local, and foreign governments have put in place, and others in the future may put in place, travel restrictions, "shelter-in-place" orders, and similar government orders and restrictions in an attempt to control the spread and mitigate the impact of the disease. such restrictions or orders have resulted in the mandatory closure of "non-essential" businesses (including retail stores), increased unemployment rates, "social distancing" restrictions, reduced tourist activity, work-from-home policies, and other changes that have led to significant disruptions to businesses and global financial markets. the overall impact of the pandemic on our business and future results of operations is highly uncertain and subject to change, and we are not able to accurately predict the magnitude or scope of such impacts at this time.
our business and the industry in which we operate continue to be impacted by several important trends and uncertainties, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. we have experienced a number of material impacts, and identified a number of material trends, within our business as follows:
retail environment
•   in connection with the "shelter-in-place" orders discussed above, all of our company-owned and operated stores, and nearly all of the retail stores of our wholesale customers and retail partners, were closed for a portion of our fourth fiscal quarter ended march 31, 2020 (fourth fiscal quarter), and largely remain closed during the first part of our first fiscal quarter ending june 30, 2020. the closure of these retail stores had a negative impact on our results of operations during the fourth fiscal quarter as we experienced delays in shipment and acceptance of scheduled order shipments, which we attribute to the retail store closures and other uncertainties caused by the covid-19 pandemic.
•   the retail stores that we and our partners operate have begun to reopen at a measured pace. we will continue to reopen our retail stores as we determine appropriate and in line with guidance provided by health officials, expert agencies and local authorities. our decision regarding the appropriate timing to reopen our retail stores will depend on a number of factors, including the safety of our customers and employees, our ability to comply with government orders and restrictions, and our ability to deliver products to our customers. we expect the scope of allowable retail activities, as well as retail consumer traffic patterns, to vary by geographic region, including ongoing restrictions imposed by local governmental authorities, the demand for our products within the region, and the actual and expected impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the region.
e-commerce business
•   even prior to mandatory retail store closures resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, we observed a meaningful shift in the way consumers shop for products and make purchasing decisions, evidenced by significant and prolonged decreases in consumer retail activity as customers continue to migrate to online shopping. these trends have been positively impacting the performance of our e-commerce business, while creating challenges and headwinds for our traditional retail business, as well as the retail businesses of our wholesale customers and retail partners.
•   we operate our e-commerce business through various websites and platforms, which have remained operational throughout the covid-19 pandemic, and we expect they will continue to remain operational.
•   during our fourth fiscal quarter, as well as our first fiscal quarter ending june 30, 2020, we observed strong demand across our brands within our e-commerce business, especially for the ugg and hoka brands. we expect our wholesale customers that have an established e-commerce presence will experience similar strong demand trends as those we have experienced, although the trends may vary from customer to customer. we continue to see demand for our products, especially within the ugg and hoka brands, from a number of these wholesale customers, which we believe reflects strong sell-through of our products within our partners' e-commerce platforms. we expect our wholesale customers that have a greater reliance on their retail store presence may experience more significant adverse impacts from the covid-19 pandemic.
•   we expect our e-commerce business will continue to be a driver of long-term growth, although the growth rate will be unpredictable and may not be in line with our historical experience. we believe the key factors impacting the growth rate will include consumer demand for our products, our ability to fulfill orders through our limited distribution center operations, the scope and duration of the covid-19 pandemic, and the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on consumer confidence and discretionary spending. however, we do not expect the increased demand within our e-commerce businesses to fully offset the negative pressure we are experiencing within our wholesale and retail businesses due to the current retail environment, especially as we move into the second and third fiscal quarters.
brand strategy
•   we are exercising discipline by focusing on key products that have achieved sustained success with consumers, reducing the number and types of products offered, delaying product launches and consolidating seasonal collections.
•   our ongoing and strategic efforts to reduce the impact of seasonality on our results of operations have had a meaningful positive impact on the year-round performance of the hoka and ugg brands. while we expect to continue to focus on reducing the impact of seasonality through innovation and the expansion of our product offerings over the long-term, given the magnitude of the ugg brand relative to our other brands, the effect of seasonality on our aggregate net sales and results of operations may continue to be significant. however, it is unclear whether seasonal impacts will be minimized or exaggerated in future periods as a result of the disruptions and uncertainties caused by the covid-19 pandemic. this uncertainty makes it more difficult for us to predict future demand for our products and manage our manufacturing and inventory, especially as we approach the typical high-selling season for the ugg brand.
•   within the ugg brand, we have experienced strong sell-through of certain product lines, including the slipper category in general, as we believe consumers are seeking out luxurious comfort in the current work-from-home environment. in addition, the ugg brand continues to experience success through the introduction of year-round products, improving the ugg brand's overall year-round performance. however, we are experiencing softness within the ugg wholesale channel, especially within geographies impacted by extensive retail store closures.
•   within the hoka brand, we continue to see strong demand across our product offerings, which we believe is being fueled in part by an even greater emphasis on running and outdoor exercise as consumers seek to find healthy outlets in response to the covid-19 pandemic. the significant growth of the hoka brand's year-round performance product offerings as a percentage of our aggregate net sales has had a meaningful positive impact on our seasonality trends, as well as our overall financial results. however, despite the recent growth and success of the hoka brand, the impacts of the pandemic may cause the growth rate of hoka brand sales to decline.
•   the sanuk and teva brands are experiencing a disproportionate negative impact from the pandemic as the highest percentage of net sales for these brands typically occur during our fourth fiscal quarter and first fiscal quarter. we are actively monitoring the cost structures associated with these brands.
•   we experienced certain disruptions to sourcing with our third-party manufacturers during the fourth fiscal quarter. while these disruptions have since been mitigated, it is possible there will be disruptions in the future.
•   our moreno valley, california, distribution center, as well as our global third-party logistics providers (3pls), remain open and are operating at reduced capacity and with limited and modified operations. in order to promote the health and safety of our distribution center employees, we have implemented enhanced safety measures and protocols at our distribution center, including strict social distancing requirements and heightened cleaning of the facility in accordance with center for disease control and prevention guidelines. due to the social distancing requirements we have implemented, we are limiting the number of employees on-site relative to our typical personnel capacity. we are experiencing, and our 3pls are experiencing, certain operational and logistical challenges as a result of limited and modified operations, including some delays in the shipments of our products. we are working to mitigate the impact of limited and modified operations on our peak selling periods, but we may not be successful in these efforts.
omni-channel strategy
•   we have implemented a product segmentation strategy, as well as an allocation strategy for the ugg brand's core classics franchise in the us wholesale marketplace. these strategies are designed to assist us in controlling product inventory, reducing the impact of discounts and close-outs on our sales and gross margins, and increasing full-priced selling across our product offerings. similarly, we are implementing a multi-year marketplace reset strategy in europe and asia to drive ugg brand heat. we expect the covid-19 pandemic will delay or mitigate the benefits we may receive from these strategies.
•   as a result of changes in consumer purchasing behavior, we continue to focus on the enhancement of our omni-channel strategy to enable us to better engage existing and prospective consumers and expose them to our brands. our strategy is transforming the way we approach marketing, including through a sustained focus on our targeted digital marketing efforts, as well as marketing activations and product seeding to drive global brand heat. for example, we have begun applying these transformation efforts in europe to drive ugg brand heat as we work to differentiate consumer experiences across various consumer touch points as part of our marketplace reset strategy. we have also started to apply this marketing strategy shift in asia.
•   in response to the covid-19 pandemic, we have enhanced our focus on digital marketing as we seek to target consumers within the work-from-home environment and promote products that are desirable based on current consumer preferences, working conditions and lifestyle choices.
•   we believe we are in a strong financial position to respond to the disruptions and uncertainties caused by the covid-19 pandemic. as of march 31, 2020, our cash and cash equivalents balance was $649,436. in addition, we had available borrowings of $469,473 under our existing revolving credit facilities, providing a liquidity position of over $1,000,000 as of march 31, 2020. for additional information, see the sections entitled "liquidity" and "capital resources" below.
•   we are temporarily pausing repurchases under our stock repurchase programs due to the disruption and uncertainty caused by the covid-19 pandemic and our focus on liquidity and cash management.
•   we are working closely with our wholesale customers, as well as our manufacturers and suppliers, to manage accounts receivable and accounts payable to maximize the availability of working capital.
operating expenses
•   to mitigate the adverse impact the covid-19 pandemic may have on our business and operations, we have implemented a number of temporary measures to reduce operating expenses, including:
◦   canceling or postponing certain events, trainings, and conferences;
◦   converting meetings with current and prospective customers to a virtual platform;
◦   suspending hiring of certain non-essential employees and annual salary increases;
•   we also believe the significant changes we implemented in connection with our previously completed restructuring and operating profit improvement plans will help mitigate any potential negative impacts on our gross margins resulting from the covid-19 pandemic.
completed restructuring plan during february 2016, we announced the implementation of a multi-year restructuring plan designed to realign our brands across our fashion lifestyle and performance lifestyle groups, optimize our worldwide owned retail store fleet, and consolidate our management and operations that was designed to reduce overhead costs and create operating efficiencies while improving collaboration across brands. as of march 31, 2019, we completed our restructuring plan and incurred cumulative restructuring charges of $55,619 against selling, general, and administrative (sg&a) expense. in addition, the cumulative annualized sg&a savings realized as of march 31, 2019 by reportable operating segment were, approximately, as follows:
completed operating profit improvement plan during february 2017, we announced that we would implement an operating profit improvement plan to execute various business transformation initiatives to further reduce expenses and improve gross margins. as of march 31, 2019, we successfully completed our plan and achieved in excess of $100,000 of combined net annualized operating profit improvement under our restructuring and operating profit improvement plans. we will continue to apply the lessons learned in our completed plans by pursuing opportunities to further optimize profitability and seeking to enhance results of operations throughout our business.
reportable operating segment overview our six reportable operating segments include the worldwide wholesale operations of the ugg brand, hoka brand, teva brand, sanuk brand, and other brands, as well as dtc. information reported to the chief operating decision maker (codm), who is our principal executive officer, is organized into these reportable operating segments and is consistent with how the codm evaluates our performance and allocates resources.
ugg brand. the ugg brand is one of the most iconic and recognized brands in our industry, which highlights our successful track record of building niche brands into lifestyle and fashion market leaders. with loyal consumers around the world, the ugg brand has proven to be a highly resilient line of premium footwear, apparel, and accessories with expanded product offerings and a growing global audience that appeals to women, men, and children.
•   high consumer brand loyalty due to the consistent delivery of quality and luxuriously comfortable footwear, apparel, and accessories.
•   diversification of our footwear product offerings, such as women's spring and summer lines, as well as expanded category offerings for men's, apparel, and accessories.
hoka brand. the hoka brand is an authentic premium line of year-round performance footwear and apparel that offers enhanced cushioning and inherent stability with minimal weight. originally designed for ultra-runners, the brand now appeals to athletes around the world, regardless of activity. the hoka brand is quickly becoming a leading brand within run specialty wholesale accounts, with strong marketing fueling both domestic and international sales growth. we continue to build product extensions in trail and fitness.
•   leading product innovation and key franchise management.
•   increased brand awareness through enhanced marketing activations.
•   category extensions in authentic performance footwear offerings.
teva brand. the teva brand, which pioneered the sport sandal category, is born from the outdoors and rooted in adventure. the teva brand is a global leader within the sport sandal and modern outdoor lifestyle categories by fueling the expression of freedom. the teva brand's product offerings include sandals, shoes, and boots.
sanuk brand. the sanuk brand originated in southern california surf culture and has emerged into a lifestyle brand with a presence in the relaxed casual shoe and sandal categories. the sanuk brand's use of unexpected materials and unconventional constructions, combined with its fun and playful branding, are key elements of the brand's identity.
other brands. other brands currently consist of the koolaburra by ugg brand and a discontinued brand during the prior period presented. the koolaburra brand is a casual footwear fashion line using sheepskin and other plush materials and is intended to target the value-oriented consumer in order to complement the ugg brand offering.
direct-to-consumer. our dtc business for all our brands is comprised of our retail stores and e-commerce websites which, in an omni-channel marketplace, are intertwined and interdependent. we believe many of our consumers interact with both our retail stores and websites before making purchasing decisions.
retail business. our retail stores are predominantly ugg brand concept stores and ugg brand outlet stores. through our outlet stores, we sell some of our discontinued styles from prior seasons, full price in-line products, as well as products made specifically for the outlet stores.
as of march 31, 2020, we had a total of 145 global retail stores, which includes 76 concept stores and 69 outlet stores. generally, we open retail store locations during the second or third quarters of each fiscal year and consider closures of retail stores during the third or fourth quarters of each fiscal year. we evaluate retail store closures based on store performance and timing of lease expirations and options. while we expect to identify additional stores for closure, we may simultaneously identify opportunities to open new stores in the future to further enhance our overall dtc business. we currently do not anticipate incurring material incremental retail store closure costs, primarily because any store closures we may pursue are expected to occur as retail store leases expire to avoid incurring potentially significant lease termination costs, as well as through conversions to partner retail stores, further discussed below. we will continue to evaluate our retail store fleet strategy in response to changes in consumer demand and retail store traffic patterns.
flagship stores. included in the total count of global concept stores are nine ugg brand flagship stores, which are lead concept stores in certain key markets and prominent locations designed to showcase the ugg brand products. primarily located in major tourist locations, these stores are typically larger with broader product offerings and greater traffic than our general concept stores. the net sales for these stores are recorded in our dtc reportable operating segment.
shop-in-shop stores. included in the total count of global concept stores are 21 shop-in-shop (sis) stores, defined as concept stores for which we own the inventory and that are operated by us or non-employees within a department store, which we lease from the store owner by paying a percentage of sis store sales. the net sales for these stores are recorded in our dtc reportable operating segment.
partner retail stores. we rely on partner retail stores for the ugg brand and sanuk brand in certain markets. partner retail stores are branded stores that are wholly-owned and operated by third-parties and not included in the total count of global retail stores. when a partner retail store is opened, or a store is converted into a partner retail store, the related net sales are recorded in either the ugg brand or sanuk brand wholesale reportable operating segments, as applicable.
e-commerce business. our e-commerce business provides us with an opportunity to communicate a consistent brand message to consumers that is in line with our brands' promises, drives awareness of key brand initiatives, offers targeted information to specific consumer demographics, and drives consumers to our retail stores. as of march 31, 2020, we operated our e-commerce business through an aggregate of 28 company-owned websites and mobile platforms in ten different countries.
use of non-gaap financial measures in order to provide a framework for assessing how our underlying businesses performed during the relevant periods, excluding the effect of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, throughout this annual report we provide certain financial information on a constant currency basis, which we disclose in addition to the financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states (us gaap). for example, in order to calculate our constant currency information, we calculate the current period financial information using the foreign currency exchange rates that were in effect during the previous comparable period, excluding the effects of foreign currency exchange rate hedges and remeasurements. further, we report comparable dtc sales on a constant currency basis for dtc operations that were open throughout the current and prior reporting periods, and we may adjust prior reporting periods to conform to current year accounting policies. as a result, information included in this annual report regarding these financial measures, as we calculate them, may not be directly comparable to similar data of other companies, and may not be appropriate measures for comparing the performance of other companies relative to us.
constant currency measures should not be considered in isolation as an alternative to united states (us) dollar measures that reflect current period foreign currency exchange rates or to other financial measures presented in accordance with us gaap. we believe evaluating certain financial and operating measures on a constant currency basis is important as it excludes the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations that are not indicative of our core results of operations and are largely outside of our control.
seasonality our business is seasonal, with the highest percentage of ugg and koolaburra brand net sales occurring in the quarters ending september 30th and december 31st and the highest percentage of teva and sanuk brand net sales occurring in the quarters ending march 31st and june 30th. net sales for the hoka brand occur more evenly throughout the year reflecting the brand's year-round performance product offerings. due to the magnitude of the ugg brand relative to our other brands, our aggregate net sales in the quarters ending september 30th and december 31st have significantly exceeded our aggregate net sales in the quarters ending march 31st and june 30th. as we continue to take steps to diversify and expand our product offerings by creating more year-round styles and growing the year-round net sales of the hoka brand as a percentage of our aggregate net sales, we expect the seasonality trends that have resulted in significant variations in our aggregate net sales from quarter to quarter to decrease over time. however, it is unclear whether seasonal impacts will be minimized or exaggerated in future periods as a result of the disruptions and uncertainties caused by the covid-19 pandemic.
refer to note 14, "quarterly summary of information (unaudited)," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv within this annual report for further information on our results of operations by quarterly period.
result of operations year ended march 31, 2020 compared to year ended march 31, 2019. the following table summarizes our results of operations:
2020                                                                                2019                                                                    change amount               %                   amount               %                 amount                %
cost of sales                                      1,029,016             48.2                 980,187             48.5               (48,829    )         (5.0   )
gross profit                                       1,103,673             51.8               1,040,250             51.5                63,423               6.1
total other comprehensive loss, net of tax            (2,905    )        (0.1   )              (9,671    )        (0.5   )             6,766             (70.0   )
2020                                                           2019       change amount                   amount       amount                 %
2020                                                  2019                                                    change amount                   amount                 amount                %
despite the negative impact of the covid-19 pandemic on net sales during our fourth fiscal quarter, total net sales for the full fiscal year increased primarily due to higher hoka and other brands wholesale sales, as well as higher dtc sales, partially offset by lower sanuk brand wholesale sales. further, we experienced an increase of 2.8% in total volume of pairs sold to 36,800 from 35,800 compared to the prior period. on a constant currency basis, net sales increased by 6.5%, compared to the prior period. drivers of significant changes in net sales are as follows:
•   wholesale net sales of the hoka brand increased due to continued global growth through new customer acquisitions, as well as higher sales driven by key franchise updates and new product launches.
•   wholesale net sales of the other brands increased primarily due to continued customer penetration in us family value wholesale accounts for the koolaburra brand.
•   wholesale net sales of the ugg brand increased due to higher domestic net sales driven by the slipper collection and the sell-in of fall and winter products, primarily for men's and kid's product lines, partially offset by lower international sales driven by a multi-year marketplace reset in europe and european macroeconomic factors, as well as covid-19 related sales losses in the fourth fiscal quarter. on a constant currency basis, wholesale net sales of the ugg brand increased by 2.1%, compared to the prior period.
•   wholesale net sales of the sanuk brand decreased due to the strategic decision to exit the warehouse channel, lower performance within us surf specialty wholesale accounts, as well as covid-19 related sales losses in the fourth fiscal quarter during the sanuk brands' peak selling season.
•   comparable dtc net sales for the 52 weeks ended march 29, 2020 increased by 5.0%, compared to the same prior period, primarily due to growth in the e-commerce business globally for the hoka brand and domestically for the ugg brand. dtc net sales were negatively impacted by the retail store closures during the fourth fiscal quarter compared to the prior period due to covid-19.
•   international net sales, which are included in the reportable operating segment net sales presented above, decreased by 1.5%, compared to the prior period. international net sales represented 34.3% and 36.7% of total net sales for the years ended march 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the decrease was primarily due to lower net sales for the ugg brand in europe and asia and the covid-19 related sales losses in the fourth fiscal quarter, partially offset by higher net sales for the hoka brand in our international markets and higher sales for the teva brand in asia.
gross profit. gross profit as a percentage of net sales, or gross margin, increased to 51.8% from 51.5%, compared to the prior period, primarily due to favorable brand mix and rate expansion for the hoka brand and fewer closeout sales, partially offset by unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates and higher promotions in europe and asia.
selling, general and administrative expenses. the net increase in sg&a expenses, compared to the prior period, was primarily the result of the following:
•   increased variable advertising and promotion expenses of approximately $26,500, primarily due to higher marketing costs to drive sales for the hoka and ugg brands.
•   increased operating expenses of approximately $14,500, primarily due to higher professional, consulting, and travel expenses.
•   increased other variable selling expenses of approximately $11,800, including transaction fees, warehousing and shipping costs, primarily due to higher e-commerce sales and commissions.
•   increased payroll costs of approximately $8,200, primarily due to higher net payroll, including warehousing, partially offset by lower performance-based compensation for cash bonuses.
•   increased expenses for allowances for trade accounts receivable of approximately $2,100.
•   decreased depreciation and amortization expenses of approximately $6,200, primarily due to certain property and equipment and intangible assets being fully amortized during the current period.
•   decreased rent and occupancy expenses of approximately $5,300, primarily due to lower percentage rent and lower store count, as well as the completion of the consolidation of our warehouses resulting in the closure of our camarillo distribution center, partially offset by retail store-related operating lease asset impairment charges in the current period.
income from operations. income from operations by reportable operating segment was as follows:
2020                                               2019                                                change amount                 amount               amount                %
the increase in total income from operations, compared to the prior period, was due to higher net sales at higher gross margins, partially offset by slightly higher sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales. drivers of significant net changes in income from operations, compared to the prior period, are as follows:
•   the increase in income from operations of hoka brand wholesale was due to higher net sales at higher gross margins, as well as lower sg&amp;a expenses as a percentage of net sales.
•   the increase in income from operations of other brands wholesale was due to higher net sales, partially offset by higher sg&amp;a expenses, primarily driven by higher variable marketing and selling expenses.
•   the increase in income from operations of ugg brand wholesale was due to higher net sales at higher gross margins, partially offset by higher sg&amp;a expenses as a percentage of net sales, primarily driven by higher variable marketing expenses.
•   the decrease in income from operations of sanuk brand wholesale was primarily due to lower net sales at lower gross margins, partially offset by lower sg&amp;a expenses, driven by lower variable marketing and selling expenses.
•   the decrease in income from operations of dtc was primarily due to higher sg&amp;a expenses as a percentage of net sales, primarily driven by higher variable marketing and selling expenses and retail store-related asset impairment charges in the current period, as well as lower gross margins, partially offset by lower overall retail store operating costs due to prior period store closures.
•   the increase in unallocated overhead costs was primarily due to higher operating expenses, including for payroll, professional, consulting, and other variable warehousing costs, as well as higher foreign currency-related losses, partially offset by lower rent and occupancy expenses for our warehouse due to the consolidation of our distribution centers and lower depreciation expense for our corporate headquarters.
other income, net. the increase in total other income, net, compared to the prior period, was primarily due to an increase in interest income driven by higher average invested cash balances, partially offset by higher reserves for penalties and interest on uncertain tax positions.
the decrease in our effective income tax rate, compared to the prior period, was due to changes in the jurisdictional mix of worldwide income before income taxes for the year ended march 31, 2020, as well as higher net tax benefits, primarily driven by the favorable settlement of a state income tax audit and net return-to-provision tax benefits completed during the current period, partially offset by additional reserves for uncertain tax positions.
foreign income before income taxes was $134,755 and $147,204 and worldwide income before income taxes was $340,866 and $328,934 during the years ended march 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the decrease in foreign income before income taxes as a percentage of worldwide income before income taxes, compared to the prior period, was primarily due to decreased foreign sales as a percentage of worldwide sales.
for the years ended march 31, 2020 and 2019, we did not generate significant pre-tax earnings from any countries which do not impose a corporate income tax. as of march 31, 2020, we had $177,229 of cash and cash equivalents outside the us, a portion of which may be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes if it were to be repatriated. a small portion of our unremitted accumulated earnings of non-us subsidiaries, for which no us federal or state income tax have been provided, are currently expected to be reinvested outside of the us indefinitely. such earnings would become taxable upon repatriation by means of the remittance of taxable dividends or upon the sale or liquidation of these subsidiaries.
we expect our foreign income or loss before income taxes, as well as our effective income tax rate, will continue to fluctuate from period to period based on several factors, including the impact of our global product sourcing organization, our actual results of operations from sales generated in domestic and foreign markets, and changes in domestic and foreign tax laws (or in the application or interpretation of those laws). over the long-term, we believe the continuing evolution and expansion of our brands, our continuing strategy of enhancing product diversification, and the expected growth from our international dtc business will result in increases in foreign income or loss before income taxes, both in absolute terms and as a percentage of worldwide income or loss before income taxes. in addition, we believe our effective income tax rate will continue to be impacted by our actual foreign income or loss before income taxes relative to our actual worldwide income or loss before income taxes. for further information on the impacts of the tax cuts and jobs act (tax reform act), refer to note 5, "income taxes," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv within this annual report.
net income. net income increased, compared to the prior period, primarily due to higher net sales at higher gross margins, partially offset by higher sg&a expenses. net income per share increased, compared to the prior period, due to higher net income, combined with lower weighted-average common shares outstanding, driven by stock repurchases during the period.
total other comprehensive loss, net of tax. other comprehensive loss decreased, compared to the prior period, primarily due to lower foreign currency translation losses for changes in our net asset position driven by chinese and european foreign currency exchange rates.
liquidity we finance our working capital and operating requirements using a combination of our cash and cash equivalents balances, cash provided from ongoing operating activities and, to a lesser extent, available borrowings under our revolving credit facilities. our working capital requirements begin when we purchase raw materials and inventories and continue until we ultimately collect the resulting trade accounts receivable. given the historical seasonality of our business, our working capital requirements fluctuate significantly throughout the fiscal year, and we are required to utilize available cash to build inventory levels during certain quarters in our fiscal year to support higher selling seasons.
while subject to the uncertainty surrounding the covid-19 pandemic, we believe our cash and cash equivalents balances, cash provided from ongoing operating activities, and available borrowings under our revolving credit facilities (further described below under the heading "capital resources"), will provide sufficient liquidity to enable us to meet our working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months.
as a result of the tax reform act and the transition of the us tax regime from a worldwide tax system to a territorial tax system, we repatriated $150,000 and $130,000 of cash and cash equivalents during the years ended march 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. as of march 31, 2020, we had $177,229 of cash and cash equivalents outside the us, a portion of which may be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes if it were to be repatriated. we continue to evaluate our cash repatriation strategy and we currently anticipate repatriating current and future unremitted earnings of non-us subsidiaries, to the extent they have been and will be subject to us tax, if such cash is not required to fund ongoing foreign operations. our cash repatriation strategy, and by extension, our liquidity, may be impacted by several additional considerations, which include clarifications of or changes to the tax reform act and our actual earnings for current and future fiscal periods. for further information on the impacts of the tax reform act, refer to note 5, "income taxes," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv within this annual report.
we continue to evaluate our capital allocation strategy, and to consider further opportunities to utilize our global cash resources in a way that will profitably grow our business, meet our strategic objectives and drive stockholder value, including by potentially repurchasing additional shares of our common stock. as of march 31, 2020, the aggregate remaining approved amount under our stock repurchase programs was $159,807. our stock repurchase programs do not obligate us to acquire any amount of common stock and may be suspended at any time at our discretion. we are temporarily pausing repurchases under our stock repurchase programs due to the disruption and uncertainty caused by the covid-19 pandemic and our focus on liquidity and cash management, although we retain the discretion to commence repurchases in future periods.
our liquidity may be further impacted by additional factors, including our results of operations, the strength of our brands, impacts of seasonality and weather conditions, our ability to respond to changes in consumer preferences and tastes, the timing of capital expenditures and lease payments, our ability to collect our trade accounts receivable in a timely manner and effectively manage our inventories, and our ability to respond to economic, political and legislative developments. furthermore, we may require additional cash resources due to changes in business conditions or strategic initiatives, economic recession, changes in stock repurchase strategy, or other future developments, including any investments or acquisitions we may decide to pursue, although we do not have any present commitments with respect to any such investments or acquisitions.
if our existing sources of liquidity are insufficient to satisfy our working capital requirements, we may seek to borrow under our revolving credit facilities, seek new or modified borrowing arrangements, or sell additional debt or equity securities. the sale of convertible debt or equity securities could result in additional dilution to our stockholders, and equity securities may have rights or preferences that are superior to those of our existing stockholders. the incurrence of additional indebtedness would result in additional debt service obligations, as well as operating and financial covenants that would restrict our operations and further encumber our assets. in addition, there can be no assurance that any additional financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all.
capital resources primary credit facility. in september 2018, we refinanced in full and terminated our second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of november 13, 2014, as amended. the refinanced revolving credit facility agreement (credit agreement) is with jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. (jpmorgan), as the administrative agent, citibank, n.a., comerica bank (comerica) and hsbc bank usa, n.a., as co-syndication agents, mufg bank, ltd. and us bank national association as co-documentation agents, and the lenders party thereto, with jpmorgan and comerica acting as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners. the credit agreement provides for a five-year, $400,000 unsecured revolving credit facility (primary credit facility), contains a $25,000 sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit, and matures on september 20, 2023.
as of march 31, 2020, we had no outstanding balance, outstanding letters of credit of $549, and available borrowings of $399,451 under our primary credit facility.
china credit facility. our revolving credit facility in china (china credit facility) is an uncommitted revolving line of credit of up to cny 300,000, or $42,304.
as of march 31, 2020, we had no outstanding balance, outstanding bank guarantees of $28, and available borrowings of $42,276 under our china credit facility.
japan credit facility. we have renewed the japan credit facility through january 31, 2021 substantially under the terms of the original agreement. our revolving credit facility in japan (japan credit facility) is an uncommitted revolving line of credit of up to jpy 3,000,000, or $27,746.
as of march 31, 2020, we had no outstanding balance and had available borrowings of $27,746 under our japan credit facility.
mortgage. as of march 31, 2020, we had an outstanding principal balance under the mortgage, secured by the property on which our corporate headquarters is located, of $30,901. the loan will mature and require a balloon payment in the amount of $23,695, in addition to any then-outstanding balance, on july 1, 2029.
debt covenants. as of march 31, 2020, we were in compliance with all debt covenants under our revolving credit facilities and mortgage.
refer to note 6, "revolving credit facilities and mortgage payable," of our consolidated financial statements included in part iv within this annual report for further information on our revolving credit facilities and our mortgage.
2020                                                           2019                       change amount                 amount       amount                 %
net cash provided by operating activities      $286,334               $359,505            $(73,171      )        (20.4   )%
operating activities. our primary source of liquidity is net cash provided by operating activities, which is primarily driven by our net income, other cash receipts and expenditure adjustments, and changes in working capital.
the decrease in net cash provided by operating activities during the year ended march 31, 2020, compared to the prior period, was primarily due to a net negative change in operating assets and liabilities of $74,075, partially offset by a positive net change in net income after non-cash adjustments of $904. the changes in operating assets and liabilities were primarily due to net negative changes in inventories, net, income taxes payable, other assets, other accrued expenses, and income tax receivable, partially offset by net positive changes in trade accounts receivable, net.
investing activities. the increase in net cash used in investing activities during the year ended march 31, 2020, compared to the prior period, was primarily due to higher capital expenditures on information systems, hardware, and software, partially offset by lower expenditures for warehouse improvements due to the completion of the moreno valley, california distribution center during the prior period.
financing activities. the increase in net cash used in financing activities during the year ended march 31, 2020, compared to the prior period, was primarily due to higher stock repurchases, partially offset by proceeds from the exercise of stock options.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of march 31, 2020 and the effects of such obligations in future periods:
payments due by period total             less than1 year               1-3 years       3-5 years             more than5 years operating lease obligations (1)               $296,738                 $53,212                   $93,456             $68,218               $81,852
net unrecognized tax benefits (6)                5,317                       -                     5,317             -                     -
(1)   our operating lease commitments consist primarily of building leases for our retail locations, distribution centers, and regional offices, and include the undiscounted cash lease payments owed under the terms of our operating lease agreements.
(2)   our purchase obligations for product consist mostly of open purchase orders issued in the ordinary course of business. outstanding purchase orders are primarily issued to our third-party manufacturers and most are expected to be paid within one year. we can cancel a significant portion of the purchase obligations under certain circumstances; however, the occurrence of such circumstances is generally limited. as a result, the amount does not necessarily reflect the dollar amount of our binding commitments or minimum purchase obligations, and instead reflects an estimate of our future payment obligations based on information currently available. due to the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on the retail environment and consumer spending patterns, we are currently reviewing our inventory purchase obligations with our third-party manufacturers and may delay or cancel certain product orders that could result in changes to the currently reported amount.
(3)   our purchase obligations for commodities include sheepskin and leather, and represent remaining commitments under existing supply agreements, which are subject to minimum volume commitments. we expect that purchases made by us under these agreements in the ordinary course of business will eventually exceed the minimum commitment levels.
(4)   our other purchase obligations generally consist of non-cancellable minimum commitments for capital expenditures, obligations under service contracts, and requirements to pay promotional expenses, which are due periodically during fiscal years 2021 through 2024.
as of march 31, 2020, we had $9,676 of commitments for future capital expenditures, primarily related to retail store build-out of leasehold improvements for a new flagship store location that is currently expected to replace an existing flagship store during the third quarter of the fiscal year ending march 31, 2021, as well as continued investments in our warehouse and distribution center located in moreno valley, california.
we estimate that the capital expenditures for the fiscal year ending march 31, 2021, including the aforementioned commitments, will range from approximately $45,000 to $50,000. we anticipate these expenditures will primarily relate to continued investment in our primary warehouse and distribution center, as well as it infrastructure, system upgrade costs, and the build-out of a new flagship retail store, as well as other fixtures and upgrades for our global retail stores. however, the actual amount of our future capital expenditures may differ significantly from this estimate depending on numerous factors, including the timing of facility openings, as well as unforeseen needs to replace existing assets, the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, and the timing of other expenditures.
(5)   our mortgage obligation consists of a mortgage secured by our corporate headquarters property. payments represent principal and interest amounts. refer to note 6, "revolving credit facilities and mortgage payable," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv within this annual report for further information on our mortgage obligation and payments.
(6)   net unrecognized tax benefits are defined as gross unrecognized tax benefits, less federal benefit for state income taxes, related to uncertain tax positions taken in our income tax return that would impact our effective tax rate, if recognized. as of march 31, 2020, the timing of future cash outflows is highly uncertain related to statute of limitations liabilities of $11,368, therefore we are unable to make a reasonable estimate of the period of cash settlement. refer to note 5, "income taxes," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv within this annual report for further information on our uncertain tax positions.
refer to note 7, "leases and other commitments," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv within this annual report for further information on our operating leases, purchase obligations, capital expenditures, and other contractual obligations and commitments.
impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations had an incremental negative impact on the years ended march 31, 2020 and 2019.
refer to "results of operations," above within this part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," the consolidated statements of comprehensive income, and note 9, "derivative instruments," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv within this annual report for further information on the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on our results of operations.
critical accounting policies and estimates management must make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements, based on historical experience, existing and known circumstances, authoritative accounting pronouncements and other factors that management believes to be reasonable, but actual results could differ materially from these estimates. management believes the following critical accounting estimates are most significantly affected by judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements: allowances for doubtful accounts; estimated returns liability; sales discounts and customer chargebacks; inventory valuations; valuation of goodwill, intangible and other long-lived assets; and performance-based stock compensation. the full impact of the covid-19 pandemic is unknown and cannot be reasonably estimated for these key estimates. however, we made appropriate accounting estimates based on the facts and circumstances available as of the reporting date. to the extent there are differences between these estimates and actual results, our consolidated financial statements may be materially affected.
refer to note 1, "general," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv within this annual report for a discussion of our significant accounting policies and use of estimates, as well as the impact of recent accounting pronouncements.
revenue recognition. revenue is recognized when a performance obligation is completed at a point in time and when the customer has obtained control. control passes to the customer when they have the ability to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all the remaining benefits from, the goods transferred. the amount of revenue recognized is based on the transaction price, which represents the invoiced amount less known actual amounts or estimates of variable consideration. we recognize revenue and measure the transaction price net of taxes, including sales taxes, use taxes, value-added taxes, and some types of excise taxes, collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities. we present revenue gross of fees and sales commissions. sales commissions are expensed as incurred and are recorded in sg&a expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
wholesale and international distributor revenue are each recognized either when products are shipped or when delivered, depending on the applicable contract terms. retail store and e-commerce revenue are recognized at the point of sale and upon shipment, respectively. shipping and handling costs paid to third-party shipping companies are recorded as cost of sales in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. shipping and handling costs are a fulfillment service, and, for certain wholesale and all e-commerce transactions, revenue is recognized when the customer is deemed to obtain control upon the date of shipment. refer to note 2, "revenue recognition," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv within this annual report for further information.
as of march 31,
amount               % of gross                 amount           % of grosstrade accountsreceivable trade accounts receivable gross trade accounts receivable      $206,742               100.0         %          $197,426                         100.0                   %
allowance for doubtful accounts. we provide an allowance against trade accounts receivable for estimated losses that may result from customers' inability to pay. we determine the amount of the allowance by analyzing known uncollectible accounts, aged trade accounts receivable, economic conditions and forecasts, historical experience, and the customers' creditworthiness. trade accounts receivable that are subsequently determined to be uncollectible are charged or written off against this allowance. the allowance includes specific allowances for trade accounts, of which all or a portion are identified as potentially uncollectible based on known or anticipated losses. our use of different estimates and assumptions could produce different financial results. for example, a 1.0% change in the rate used to estimate the reserve for accounts which we consider having credit risk and are not specifically identified as uncollectible would change the allowance for doubtful accounts as of march 31, 2020 by approximately $1,600.
allowance for sales discounts. we provide a trade accounts receivable allowance for sales discounts for our wholesale channel sales, which reflects a discount that our customers may take, generally based on meeting certain order, shipment or prompt payment terms. we use the amount of the discounts that are available to be taken against the period end trade accounts receivable to estimate and record a corresponding reserve for sales discounts.
allowance for chargebacks. we provide a trade accounts receivable allowance for chargebacks and markdowns from wholesale customers. when customers pay their invoices, they may take deductions against their invoices that can include chargebacks for price differences, markdowns, short shipments, and other reasons. therefore, we record an allowance for known or unknown circumstances based on historical trends related to the timing and amount of chargebacks taken against wholesale channel customer invoices.
sales return liability. the following tables summarize estimates for our sales return liability as a percentage of the most recent quarterly net sales by channel:
amount           % of net sales                  amount           % of net sales net sales wholesale                   $230,677                61.5         %           $237,491                60.3         %
as of march 31,
amount           % of net sales                 amount*           % of net sales sales return liability wholesale                    $21,846                 9.5         %            $21,538                 9.1         %
reserves are recorded for anticipated future returns of goods shipped prior to the end of the reporting period. in general, we accept returns for damaged or defective products for up to one year. we also have a policy whereby returns are accepted from dtc customers for up to 30 days from point of sale for cash or credit. amounts of these reserves are based on known and actual returns, historical returns, and any recent events that could result in a change from historical return rates. sales returns are a contract asset for the right to recover product-related inventory and a contract liability for advance consideration obtained prior to satisfying a performance obligation. changes to the sales return liability are recorded against gross sales for the contract liability and cost of sales for the contract asset. for our wholesale channel, we base our estimate of sales returns on any approved customer requests for returns, historical returns experience, and any recent events that could result in a change from historical returns rates, among other factors. for our dtc channel and reportable operating segment, we estimate sales returns using a lag compared to the same prior period and consider historical returns experience and any recent events that could result in a change from historical returns, among other factors. our use of different estimates and assumptions could produce different financial results. for example, a 1.0% change in the rate used to estimate the percentage of sales expected to ultimately be returned would change the liability for total returns as of march 31, 2020 by approximately $3,000.
as of march 31,
amount           % of gross inventory                 amount           % of gross inventory gross inventories              $323,847                  100.0            %          $288,565                  100.0            %
write-down of inventories       (12,227    )              (3.8            )            (9,723    )              (3.4            )
we review inventory on a regular basis for excess, obsolete, and impaired inventory to evaluate write-downs to the lower of cost or net realizable value. our use of different estimates and assumptions could produce different financial results. for example, a 10.0% change in the estimated selling prices of our potentially obsolete inventory would change the inventory write-down reserve as of march 31, 2020 by approximately $1,900.
operating lease assets and lease liabilities. beginning april 1, 2019, we adopted the new lease standard on a modified retrospective basis, as set forth in accounting standards update no. 2016-02, leases, as amended. accordingly, the comparative consolidated financial statements have not been adjusted and continue to be reported under legacy us gaap. as a result, as of april 1, 2019, we recognized the following in our consolidated financial statements:
•   a $230,048 increase to total assets due to the recognition of right-of-use (rou) assets, net of prior legacy us gaap lease-related balances for deferred rent obligations and tenant allowances of $27,895, as previously recorded in other accrued expenses, deferred rent obligations, and other long-term liabilities, in the consolidated balance sheets. in addition, we recorded a corresponding $254,538 increase to total liabilities due to the recognition of lease liabilities, net of a prior legacy us gaap lease-related balance for prepaid rent of $4,846, as previously recorded in prepaid expenses, in the consolidated balance sheets. rou assets and lease liabilities include lease obligations for operating leases for retail stores, showrooms, offices, and distribution facilities. rou assets and related lease liabilities are presented as operating lease assets and operating lease liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.
•   a net cumulative effect after-tax decrease to opening retained earnings of $1,068 in the consolidated balance sheets due to the impairment of select operating lease assets related to retail stores whose fixed assets had been previously impaired and for which the initial carrying value of the operating lease assets were determined to be above fair market value on adoption.
•   no material effect on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income as the classification and recognition of lease cost did not materially change from legacy us gaap. similarly, it did not have a material impact on our liquidity or on its debt covenant compliance under current agreements including its borrowing strategy subject to leverage ratios. however, it did result in additional disclosures and presentation changes to the consolidated statements of cash flows in the current period, including supplemental cash flow disclosure, as well as expanded disclosures on existing and new lease commitments.
the adoption of the new lease standard had the following impact on our accounting policies applied to our consolidated financial statements:
•   we recognize operating lease assets and lease liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets on the lease commencement date, based on the present value of the outstanding lease payments over the reasonably certain lease term. the lease term includes the non-cancelable period at the lease commencement date, plus any additional periods covered by our options to extend (or not to terminate) the lease that are reasonably certain to be exercised, or an option to extend (or not to terminate) a lease that is controlled by the lessor.
•   we discount unpaid lease payments using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if the rate cannot be readily determined, its incremental borrowing rate (ibr). generally, we cannot determine the interest rate implicit in the lease because we do not have access to the lessor's estimated residual value or the amount of the lessor's deferred initial direct costs. therefore, we generally derive a discount rate at the lease commencement date by utilizing our ibr, which is based on what we would have to pay on a collateralized basis to borrow an amount equal to our lease payments under similar terms. because we do not currently borrow on a collateralized basis under our revolving credit facilities, we use the interest rate we pay on our noncollateralized borrowings under our primary credit facility as an input for deriving an appropriate ibr, adjusted for the amount of the lease payments, the lease term, and the effect on that rate of designating specific collateral with a value equal to the unpaid lease payments for that lease.
refer to note 1, "general," and note 7, "leases and other commitments," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv within this annual report for further information, including more details of our accounting policy elections and expanded disclosures required under the new lease standard.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. we do not amortize goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets but instead test for impairment annually, or when an event occurs or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable at the reporting unit level. first, we determine if, based on qualitative factors, it is more likely than not that an impairment exists. qualitative factors considered include significant or adverse changes in customer demand, historical financial performance, changes in management or key personnel, macroeconomic and industry conditions, and the legal and regulatory environment. if the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that an impairment exists, then a quantitative assessment is performed. the quantitative assessment requires an analysis of several best estimates and assumptions, including future sales and results of operations, and other factors that could affect fair value or otherwise indicate potential impairment. we also consider the reporting units' projected ability to generate income from operations and positive cash flow in future periods, as well as perceived changes in consumer demand and acceptance of products, or factors impacting the industry generally. the fair value assessment could change materially if different estimates and assumptions were used.
during the years ended march 31, 2020 and 2019, we performed our annual impairment assessment and evaluated the ugg and hoka brands' wholesale reportable operating segment goodwill as of december 31st and evaluated our teva indefinite-lived trademarks as of october 31st. based on the carrying amounts of the ugg and hoka brands' goodwill and teva brand indefinite-lived trademarks, each of the brands' actual fiscal year sales and results of operations, and the brands' long-term forecasts of sales and results of operations as of their evaluation dates, we concluded that these assets were not impaired.
definite-lived intangible and other long-lived assets. definite-lived intangible and other long-lived assets, including definite-lived trademarks, machinery and equipment, internal-use software, operating lease assets, and leasehold improvements, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. at least quarterly, we evaluate factors that would necessitate an impairment assessment, which include a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, a significant adverse change in legal factors or the business climate that could affect the value of the asset or a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset, among others. when an impairment-triggering event has occurred, we test for recoverability of the asset group's carrying value using estimates of undiscounted future cash flows based on the existing service potential of the applicable asset group. in determining the service potential of a long-lived asset group, we consider the remaining useful life, cash-flow generating capacity, and physical output capacity. these estimates include the undiscounted future cash flows associated with future expenditures necessary to maintain the existing service potential. these assets are grouped with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. if impaired, the asset or asset group is written down to fair value based on either discounted future cash flows or appraised values. an impairment loss, if any, would only reduce the carrying amount of long-lived assets in the group based on the fair value of the asset group.
we did not identify any definite-lived intangible asset impairments during the years ended march 31, 2020 and 2019.
during the years ended march 31, 2020 and 2019, we recorded impairment losses for other long-lived assets, primarily for certain retail store operating lease assets and related leasehold improvements due to performance or store closures of $1,365 and $180, respectively, within our dtc reportable operating segment in sg&a expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
refer to note 1, "general," and note 3, "goodwill and other intangible assets," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv within this annual report for further information.
performance-based compensation. in accordance with applicable accounting guidance, we recognize performance-based compensation expense, including performance-based stock compensation and annual cash bonus compensation, when it is deemed probable that the applicable performance criteria will be met. performance-based compensation does not include time-based awards subject only to service-based conditions. we evaluate the probability of achieving the applicable performance criteria on a quarterly basis. our probability assessment can fluctuate from quarter to quarter as we assess our projected results against performance criteria. as a result, the related performance-based compensation expense we recognize may also fluctuate from period to period.
at the beginning of each fiscal year, our compensation committee reviews our results of operations from the prior fiscal year, as well as the financial and strategic plan for future fiscal years. our compensation committee then establishes specific annual financial and strategic goals for each executive. vesting of performance-based stock compensation or recognition of cash bonus compensation is based on our achievement of certain targets for annual revenue, operating income, pre-tax income, and earnings per share, as well as achievement of pre-determined individual financial performance criteria that is tailored to individual employees based on their roles and responsibilities with us. the performance criteria, as well as our annual targets, differ each fiscal year and are based on many factors, including our current business stage and strategies, our recent financial and operating performance, expected growth rates over the prior fiscal year's performance, business and general economic conditions and market and peer group analysis.
performance-based compensation expense decreased $14,883 during the year ended march 31, 2020 compared to the year ended march 31, 2019. the primary reason for this decrease was the partial achievement of the performance criteria governing our cash bonuses compared to an over achievement in the prior period. performance-based compensation expense is recorded in sg&a expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
refer to note 8, "stock-based compensation," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv within this annual report for further information on our performance-based stock compensation.
income taxes. income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates that will be in effect for the years in which those tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. we record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized. we believe it is more likely than not that forecasted income, together with future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, will be sufficient to recover our deferred tax assets. in the event that we determine all or part of our net deferred tax assets are not realizable in the future, we will record an adjustment to the valuation allowance and a corresponding charge to earnings in the period such determination is made.
the calculation of tax liabilities involves significant judgment in estimating the impact of uncertainties in the application of us gaap and complex tax laws. resolution of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with our expectations could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. we recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recorded in the consolidated financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
we determine on a regular basis the amount of undistributed earnings that will be indefinitely reinvested in our non-us operations. this assessment is based on the cash flow projections and operational and fiscal objectives of each of our u.s and foreign subsidiaries. a cash distribution of income from foreign subsidiaries that was previously taxed income (pti) by the us internal revenue service does not require recognition of a deferred tax liability as the liability has already been recognized under the tax reform act. we have not changed our indefinite reinvestment assertion of foreign earnings other than pti.
in accordance with the sec staff accounting bulletin no. 118 (sab 118) issued december 22, 2017, we completed our accounting for the effects of the tax reform act during the quarter ended december 31, 2018. this includes provisions of the tax reform act which were effective on or after january 1, 2018, which include but are not limited to, us taxation of foreign earnings considered global intangible low-taxed income (commonly referred to as gilti), minimum tax on base erosion anti-abuse, and limitations on the deductibility of interest expense and executive compensation. sab 118 provided guidance on accounting for the impact of the tax reform act. sab 118 provided a measurement period, which should not extend beyond one year from the enactment date, during which we completed the accounting for the impacts of the tax reform act under us gaap. we continue to analyze the additional guidance from such standard setting and regulatory bodies as the us internal revenue service, us treasury department, and the financial accounting standards board, among others.
refer to note 5, "income taxes," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv within this annual report for further information.