item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
we begin management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations with an overview of our businesses and significant trends. this overview is followed by a summary of our critical accounting policies and estimates that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments incorporated in our reported financial results. we then provide a more detailed analysis of our results of operations and financial condition.
business overview oracle provides products and services that address enterprise information technology (it) environments. our products and services include applications and infrastructure offerings that are delivered worldwide through a variety of flexible and interoperable it deployment models. these models include on-premise deployments, cloud-based deployments, and hybrid deployments (an approach that combines both on-premise and cloud-based deployment) such as our oracle cloud at customer offering (an instance of oracle cloud in a customer's own data center). accordingly, we offer choice and flexibility to our customers and facilitate the product, service and deployment combinations that best suit our customers' needs. our customers include businesses of many sizes, government agencies, educational institutions and resellers that we market and sell to directly through our worldwide sales force and indirectly through the oracle partner network.
we have three businesses: cloud and license; hardware; and services; each of which comprises a single operating segment. the descriptions set forth below as a part of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and the information contained within note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report provide additional information related to our businesses and operating segments and align as to how our chief operating decision makers (codms), which include our chief executive officers and chief technology officer, view our operating results and allocate resources.
cloud and license business our cloud and license line of business, which represented 83%, 81% and 80% of our total revenues in fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, markets, sells and delivers a broad spectrum of applications and infrastructure technologies through our cloud and license offerings.
cloud services and license support revenues include:
•   license support revenues, which are earned by providing oracle license support services to customers that have elected to purchase support services in connection with the purchase of oracle applications and infrastructure software licenses for use in cloud, on-premise and other it environments. substantially all license support customers renew their support contracts with us upon expiration in order to continue to benefit from technical support services and the periodic issuance of unspecified updates and enhancements, which current license support customers are entitled to receive. license support contracts are generally priced as a percentage of the net fees paid by the customer to purchase a cloud license and/or on-premise license; are generally billed in advance of the support services being performed; are generally renewed at the customer's option; and are generally recognized as revenues ratably over the contractual period that the support services are provided, which is generally one year; and
•   cloud services revenues, which provide customers access to oracle cloud applications and infrastructure technologies via cloud-based deployment models that oracle develops, provides unspecified updates and enhancements for, hosts, manages and supports and that customers access by entering into a subscription agreement with us for a stated period. the majority of our oracle cloud services arrangements are generally billed in advance of the cloud services being performed; have durations of one to three years; are generally renewed at the customer's option; and are generally recognized as revenues ratably over the contractual period of the cloud contract or, in the case of usage model contracts, as the cloud services are consumed over time.
index to financial statements cloud license and on-premise license revenues include revenues from the licensing of our software products including oracle applications, oracle database, oracle middleware and java, among others, which our customers deploy within cloud-based, on-premise and other it environments. our cloud license and on-premise license transactions are generally perpetual in nature and are generally recognized upfront at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer to download and use. revenues from usage-based royalty arrangements for distinct cloud licenses and on-premise licenses are recognized at the point in time when the software end user usage occurs. the timing of a few large license transactions can substantially affect our quarterly license revenues due to the point in time for revenue recognition of license transactions, which is different than the typical revenue recognition pattern for our cloud services and license support revenues in which revenues are generally recognized ratably over the contractual terms. cloud license and on-premise license customers have the option to purchase and renew license support contracts, as described above.
providing choice and flexibility to our customers as to when and how they deploy our applications and infrastructure technologies is an important element of our corporate strategy. in recent periods, customer demand for our applications and infrastructure technologies delivered through our oracle cloud services has increased. to address customer demand and enable customer choice, we have introduced certain programs for customers to pivot their applications and infrastructure licenses and the related license support to the oracle cloud for new deployments and to migrate to and expand with the oracle cloud for their existing workloads. we expect these trends to continue.
our cloud and license business' revenue growth is affected by many factors, including the strength of general economic and business conditions; governmental budgetary constraints; the strategy for and competitive position of our offerings; our acquisitions; the continued renewal of our cloud services and license support customer contracts by the customer contract base; substantially all customers continuing to purchase license support contracts in connection with their license purchases; the pricing of license support contracts sold in connection with the sales of licenses; the pricing, amounts and volumes of licenses and cloud services sold; and foreign currency rate fluctuations.
•   expected growth in our cloud services and license support offerings;
•   continued demand for our cloud license and on-premise license offerings; and
we believe all of these factors should contribute to future growth in our cloud and license revenues, which should enable us to continue to make investments in research and development to develop and improve our cloud and license products and services.
our cloud and license business' margin has historically trended upward over the course of the four quarters within a particular fiscal year due to the historical upward trend of our cloud and license business' revenues over those quarterly periods and because the majority of our costs for this business are generally fixed in the short term. the historical upward trend of our cloud and license business' revenues over the course of the four quarters within a particular fiscal year is primarily due to the addition of new cloud services and license support contracts to the customer contract base that we generally recognize as revenues ratably; the renewal of existing customers' cloud services and license support contracts over the course of each fiscal year that we generally recognize as revenues ratably; and the historical upward trend of our cloud license and on-premise license revenues, which we generally recognize at a point in time upon delivery, over those four quarterly periods.
hardware business our hardware business, which represented 9%, 10% and 11% of our total revenues in fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, provides a broad selection of hardware products and hardware-related software products including oracle engineered systems, servers, storage, industry-specific hardware, operating systems, virtualization,
index to financial statements management and other hardware related software, and related hardware support. each hardware product and its related software, such as an operating system or firmware, are highly interdependent and interrelated and are accounted for as a combined performance obligation. the revenues for this combined performance obligation are generally recognized at the point in time that the hardware product and its related software are delivered to the customer and ownership is transferred to the customer. we expect to make investments in research and development to improve existing hardware products and services and to develop new hardware products and services. the majority of our hardware products are sold through indirect channels, including independent distributors and value-added resellers. our hardware support offerings provide customers with unspecified software updates for software components that are essential to the functionality of our hardware products and associated software products such as oracle solaris. our hardware support offerings can also include product repairs, maintenance services and technical support services. hardware support contracts are entered into and renewed at the option of the customer, are generally priced as a percentage of the net hardware products fees and are generally recognized as revenues ratably as the hardware support services are delivered over the contractual terms.
we generally expect our hardware business to have lower operating margins as a percentage of revenues than our cloud and license business due to the incremental costs we incur to produce and distribute these products and to provide support services, including direct materials and labor costs.
our quarterly hardware revenues are difficult to predict. our hardware revenues, cost of hardware and hardware operating margins that we report are affected by, among others: our ability to timely manufacture or deliver a few large hardware transactions; our strategy for and the position of our hardware products relative to competitor offerings; customer demand for competing offerings, including iaas; the strength of general economic and business conditions; governmental budgetary constraints; whether customers decide to purchase hardware support contracts at or in close proximity to the time of hardware product sale; the percentage of our hardware support contract customer base that renews its support contracts and the close association between hardware products, which have a finite life, and customer demand for related hardware support as hardware products age; customer decisions to either maintain or upgrade their existing hardware infrastructure to newly developed technologies that are available; certain of our acquisitions; and foreign currency rate fluctuations.
services business our services business, which represented 8% of our total revenues in fiscal 2019 and 9% of our total revenues in each of fiscal 2018 and 2017, helps customers and partners maximize the performance of their investments in oracle applications and infrastructure technologies. we believe that our services are differentiated based on our focus on oracle technologies, extensive experience, broad sets of intellectual property, and best practices. our services offerings include consulting services, advanced customer support services and education services. our services business has lower margins than our cloud and license and hardware businesses. our services revenues are impacted by, among others: our strategy for, and the competitive position of, our services; customer demand for our cloud and license and hardware offerings and the associated services for these offerings; certain of our acquisitions; general economic conditions; governmental budgetary constraints; personnel reductions in our customers' it departments; and tighter controls over customer discretionary spending.
acquisitions our selective and active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy. in recent years, we have invested billions of dollars to acquire a number of complementary companies, products, services and technologies, including netsuite in fiscal 2017.
we expect to continue to acquire companies, products, services and technologies in furtherance of our corporate strategy. note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report provides additional information related to our recent acquisitions.
we believe that we can fund our future acquisitions with our internally available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings or from the issuance of additional
index to financial statements securities. we estimate the financial impact of any potential acquisition with regard to earnings, operating margin, cash flow and return on invested capital targets before deciding to move forward with an acquisition.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) as set forth in the financial accounting standards board's (fasb), asc, and we consider the various staff accounting bulletins and other applicable guidance issued by the sec. note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report includes a description of our significant accounting policies. gaap, as set forth within the asc, requires us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions as we apply our significant accounting policies. the accounting policies that reflect estimates, judgments and assumptions that we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results and for which we include additional discussion below are:
•   revenue recognition;
•   business combinations;
•   goodwill and intangible assets-impairment assessments;
our senior management has reviewed our critical accounting policies and related disclosures with the finance and audit committee of the board of directors.
revenue recognition the most critical judgments required in applying topic 606 and our revenue recognition policy relate to the determination of distinct performance obligations and the evaluation of the standalone selling price (ssp) for each performance obligation.
many of our customer contracts include multiple performance obligations. judgment is required in determining whether each performance obligation within a customer contract is distinct. oracle products and services generally do not require a significant amount of integration or interdependency. therefore, multiple products and services contained within a customer contract are generally considered to be distinct and are not combined for revenue recognition purposes. we allocate the transaction price for each customer contract to each performance obligation based on the relative ssp (the determination of ssp is discussed below) for each performance obligation within each contract. we recognize the amount of transaction price allocated to each performance obligation within a customer contract as revenue as each performance obligation is delivered.
we use judgment in determining the ssp for products and services. for substantially all performance obligations except cloud licenses and on-premise licenses, we are able to establish the ssp based on the observable prices of products or services sold separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. we typically establish an ssp range for our products and services, which is reassessed on a periodic basis or when facts and circumstances change. ssp for our products and services can evolve over time due to changes in our pricing practices that are influenced by intense competition, changes in demand for our products and services, and economic factors, among others. our cloud licenses and on-premise licenses have not historically been sold on a standalone basis, as substantially all customers elect to purchase license support contracts at the time of a cloud license and on-premise license purchase. license support contracts are generally priced as a percentage of the net fees paid by the customer to access the license. we are unable to establish the ssp for our cloud licenses and on-premise licenses based on observable prices given the same products are sold for a broad range of amounts (that is, the selling price is highly variable) and a representative ssp is not discernible from past transactions or other observable evidence. as a result, the ssp for a cloud license and an on-premise license included in a contract with multiple performance obligations is determined by applying a residual approach whereby all other performance
index to financial statements obligations within a contract are first allocated a portion of the transaction price based upon their respective ssps, with any residual amount of transaction price allocated to cloud license and on-premise license revenues.
business combinations we apply the provisions of asc 805, business combinations, in accounting for our acquisitions. asc 805 requires that we evaluate whether a transaction pertains to an acquisition of assets, or to an acquisition of a business. a business is defined as an integrated set of assets and activities that is capable of being conducted and managed for the purpose of providing a return to investors. asset acquisitions are accounted for by allocating the cost of the acquisition to the individual assets and liabilities assumed on a relative fair value basis; whereas the acquisition of a business requires us to recognize separately from goodwill the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at the acquisition date fair values. goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. while we use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date as well as any contingent consideration, where applicable, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. as a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our consolidated statements of operations.
accounting for business combinations requires our management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date, including our estimates for intangible assets, contractual obligations assumed, pre-acquisition contingencies and any contingent consideration, where applicable. although we believe that the assumptions and estimates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, they are based in part on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results.
for a given acquisition, we may identify certain pre-acquisition contingencies as of the acquisition date and may extend our review and evaluation of these pre-acquisition contingencies throughout the measurement period in order to obtain sufficient information to assess whether we include these contingencies as a part of the fair value estimates of assets acquired and liabilities assumed and, if so, to determine their estimated amounts.
if we cannot reasonably determine the fair value of a non-income tax related pre-acquisition contingency by the end of the measurement period, which is generally the case given the nature of such matters, we will recognize an asset or a liability for such pre-acquisition contingency if: (1) it is probable that an asset existed or a liability had been incurred at the acquisition date and (2) the amount of the asset or liability can be reasonably estimated. subsequent to the measurement period, changes in our estimates of such contingencies will affect earnings and could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial position.
in addition, uncertain tax positions and tax related valuation allowances assumed in connection with a business combination are initially estimated as of the acquisition date. we reevaluate these items quarterly based upon facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date with any adjustments to our preliminary estimates being recorded to goodwill if identified within the measurement period. subsequent to the measurement period or our final determination of the tax allowance's or contingency's estimated value, whichever comes first, changes to these uncertain tax positions and tax related valuation allowances will affect our provision for income taxes in our consolidated statement of operations and could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position.
goodwill and intangible assets-impairment assessments we review goodwill for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate its carrying value may not be recoverable. we make certain judgments and assumptions to determine our reporting units and in allocating shared assets and liabilities to determine the carrying values for each of our reporting units.
index to financial statements judgment in the assessment of qualitative factors of impairment include cost factors; financial performance; legal, regulatory, contractual, political, business, and other factors; entity specific factors; industry and market considerations, macroeconomic conditions, and other relevant events and factors affecting the reporting unit. to the extent we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a quantitative test is then performed.
determining the fair value of a reporting unit involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions include, among others, revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, future economic and market conditions, and the determination of appropriate market comparables.
we make judgments about the recoverability of purchased finite lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may exist. in such situations, we are required to evaluate whether the net book values of our finite lived intangible assets are recoverable. we determine whether finite lived intangible assets are recoverable based upon the forecasted future cash flows that are expected to be generated by the lowest level associated asset grouping. assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful lives of our intangible assets are complex and subjective and include, among others, forecasted undiscounted cash flows to be generated by certain asset groupings. these assumptions and estimates can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts.
accounting for income taxes judgment is required in determining our worldwide income tax provision. in the ordinary course of a global business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. some of these uncertainties arise as a consequence of revenue sharing and cost reimbursement arrangements among related entities, the process of identifying items of revenues and expenses that qualify for preferential tax treatment, and the segregation of foreign and domestic earnings and expenses to avoid double taxation. although we believe that our estimates are reasonable, the final tax outcome of these matters could be different from that which is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. such differences could have a material effect on our income tax provision and net income in the period in which such determination is made.
we record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. in order for us to realize our deferred tax assets, we must be able to generate sufficient taxable income in those jurisdictions where the deferred tax assets are located. we consider future growth, forecasted earnings, future taxable income, the mix of earnings in the jurisdictions in which we operate, historical earnings, taxable income in prior years, if carryback is permitted under the law, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in determining the need for a valuation allowance. in the event we were to determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax assets in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax assets valuation allowance would be charged to earnings in the period in which we make such a determination, or goodwill would be adjusted at our final determination of the valuation allowance related to an acquisition within the measurement period. if we later determine that it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets would be realized, we would reverse the applicable portion of the previously provided valuation allowance as an adjustment to our provision for income taxes at such time.
we calculate our current and deferred tax provision based on estimates and assumptions that could differ from the actual results reflected in income tax returns filed during the subsequent year. adjustments based on filed returns are generally recorded in the period when the tax returns are filed and the global tax implications are known, which can materially impact our effective tax rate.
the amount of income tax we pay is subject to ongoing audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, which often result in proposed assessments. our estimate of the potential outcome for any uncertain tax issue may require certain judgments. a description of our accounting policies associated with tax related contingencies assumed as a part of a business combination is provided under "business combinations" above. for those tax related contingencies that are not a part of a business combination, we account for these uncertain tax issues
index to financial statements pursuant to asc 740, income taxes, which contains a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. the first step is to determine if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained in an audit, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. although we believe that we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given with respect to the final outcome of these matters. we adjust reserves for our uncertain tax positions due to changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit, judicial rulings, and refinement of estimates or realization of earnings or deductions that differ from our estimates. to the extent that the final outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences generally will impact our provision for income taxes in the period in which such a determination is made. our provisions for income taxes include the impact of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate and also include the related interest and penalties.
legal and other contingencies we are currently involved in various claims and legal proceedings. quarterly, we review the status of each significant matter and assess our potential financial exposure. a description of our accounting policies associated with contingencies assumed as a part of a business combination is provided under "business combinations" above. for legal and other contingencies that are not a part of a business combination, we accrue a liability for an estimated loss if the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable, and the amount can be reasonably estimated. significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and the determination as to whether the amount of an exposure is reasonably estimable. because of uncertainties related to these matters, accruals are based only on the best information available at the time the accruals are made. as additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential liability related to our pending claims and litigation and may revise our estimates. such revisions in the estimates of the potential liabilities could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position.
results of operations impacts of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act of 2017
the comparability of our operating results in fiscal 2019 compared to the corresponding prior year periods, and of our consolidated balance sheets as of may 31, 2019 relative to may 31, 2018, was impacted by the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the tax act), which was effective for us in our third quarter of fiscal 2018. information regarding our adoption and the impacts of the tax act are included in notes 1 and 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.
impacts of acquisitions the comparability of our operating results in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 was impacted by our recent acquisitions. in our discussion of changes in our results of operations from fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018, we may qualitatively disclose the impact of our acquired products and services revenues (for the one-year period subsequent to the acquisition date) to certain of our businesses' revenues where such qualitative discussions would be meaningful for an understanding of the factors that influenced the changes in our results of operations. when material, we may also provide quantitative disclosures related to such acquired products and services. expense contributions from our recent acquisitions for each of the respective period comparisons may not be separately identifiable due to the integration of these businesses into our existing operations, and/or were insignificant to our results of operations during the periods presented.
index to financial statements we caution readers that, while pre- and post-acquisition comparisons, as well as any quantified amounts themselves, may provide indications of general trends, any acquisition information that we provide has inherent limitations for the following reasons:
•   any qualitative and quantitative disclosures cannot specifically address or quantify the substantial effects attributable to changes in business strategies, including our sales force integration efforts. we believe that if our acquired companies had operated independently and sales forces had not been integrated, the relative mix of products and services sold would have been different; and
•   the amounts shown as cloud services and license support deferred revenues in our "supplemental disclosure related to certain charges" (presented below) are not necessarily indicative of revenue improvements we will achieve upon contract renewals to the extent customers do not renew.
presentation of operating segment results and other financial information in our fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 results of operations discussion below, we provide an overview of our total consolidated revenues, total consolidated expenses and total consolidated operating margin, all of which are presented on a gaap basis. we also present a gaap-based discussion below for substantially all of the other expense items as presented in our consolidated statement of operations that are not directly attributable to our three businesses.
in addition, we discuss below the fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 results of each our three businesses-cloud and license, hardware and services-which are our operating segments as defined pursuant to asc 280, segment reporting. the financial reporting for our three businesses that is presented below is presented in a manner that is consistent with that used by our codms. our operating segment presentation below reflects revenues, direct costs and sales and marketing expenses that correspond to and are directly attributable to each of our three businesses. we also utilize these inputs to calculate and present a segment margin for each business in the discussion below.
consistent with our internal management reporting processes, the below operating segment presentation includes revenues adjustments related to cloud services and license support contracts that would have otherwise been recorded by the acquired businesses as independent entities but were not recognized in our consolidated statements of operations for the periods presented due to business combination accounting requirements. refer to "supplemental disclosure related to certain charges" below for additional discussion of these items and note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report for a reconciliation of the summations of our total operating segment revenues as presented in the discussion below to total revenues as presented per our consolidated statements of operations for all periods presented.
in addition, research and development expenses, general and administrative expenses, stock-based compensation expenses, amortization of intangible assets, certain other expense allocations, acquisition related and other expenses, restructuring expenses, interest expense, non-operating income, net and provision for income taxes are not attributed to our three operating segments because our management does not view the performance of our three businesses including such items and/or it is impractical to do so. refer to "supplemental disclosure related to certain charges" below for additional discussion of certain of these items and note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report for a reconciliation of the summations of total segment margin as presented in the discussion below to total income before provision of income taxes as presented per our consolidated statements of operations for all periods presented.
a discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 is presented below and the results for both fiscal 2019 and 2018 have been accounted for and presented to reflect our adoption of topic 606 and asu 2017-07, neither of which materially impacted our financial condition or results of operations for fiscal 2019 or 2018. a discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 can be found under item 7 in our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended may 31, 2018, filed with the sec on june 22, 2018, which is available free of charge on the sec's website at www.sec.gov and our investor relations website at www.oracle.com/investor. our consolidated
index to financial statements financial statements for the fiscal years ended and as of may 31, 2018 and 2017 included elsewhere in this annual report have been retrospectively restated to reflect the adoption of topic 606 and asu 2017-07. the adoption of topic 606 and asu 2017-07 did not have a material impact on the comparability of our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2018 relative to fiscal 2017 as presented in item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended may 31, 2018. additional information regarding our adoption of topic 606 and asu 2017-07 is included in note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.
constant currency presentation our international operations have provided and are expected to continue to provide a significant portion of each of our businesses' revenues and expenses. as a result, each businesses' revenues and expenses and our total revenues and expenses will continue to be affected by changes in the u.s. dollar against major international currencies. in order to provide a framework for assessing how our underlying businesses performed excluding the effects of foreign currency rate fluctuations, we compare the percent change in the results from one period to another period in this annual report using constant currency disclosure. to present this information, current and comparative prior period results for entities reporting in currencies other than u.s. dollars are converted into u.s. dollars at constant exchange rates (i.e., the rates in effect on may 31, 2018, which was the last day of our prior fiscal year) rather than the actual exchange rates in effect during the respective periods. for example, if an entity reporting in euros had revenues of 1.0 million euros from products sold on may 31, 2019 and 2018, our financial statements would reflect reported revenues of $1.11 million in fiscal 2019 (using 1.11 as the month-end average exchange rate for the period) and $1.16 million in fiscal 2018 (using 1.16 as the month-end average exchange rate for the period). the constant currency presentation, however, would translate the fiscal 2019 results using the fiscal 2018 exchange rate and indicate, in this example, no change in revenues during the period. in each of the tables below, we present the percent change based on actual, unrounded results in reported currency and in constant currency.
index to financial statements total revenues and operating expenses year ended may 31,
percent change
total revenues by geography:
total operating expenses                 25,971              -1%                2%             26,119
total operating margin                  $13,535               2%                5%            $13,264
total operating margin %                    34%                                                   34%
% revenues by geography:
total revenues by business:
services                                  3,240              -5%               -2%              3,395
% revenues by business:
services                                     8%                                                    9%
(1)   comprised of europe, the middle east and africa
excluding the effects of currency rate fluctuations, our total revenues increased in fiscal 2019 relative to fiscal 2018 due to growth in our cloud and license revenues, partially offset by decreases in our hardware revenues and services revenues. the constant currency increase in our cloud and license revenues during fiscal 2019 relative to fiscal 2018 was attributable to growth in our cloud services and license support revenues as customers purchased our applications and infrastructure technologies via cloud deployment models and license deployment models and renewed their related cloud and license support contracts to continue to gain access to our latest technology and support services, and was also attributable to growth in our cloud license and on-premise license revenues. the constant currency decreases in our hardware revenues during fiscal 2019 relative to fiscal 2018 were due to a reduction in our hardware products revenues and hardware support revenues primarily due to the emphasis we placed on the marketing and sale of our cloud-based infrastructure technologies, which resulted in reduced sales volumes of certain of our hardware product lines and also impacted the volume of customers that purchased hardware support contracts. the constant currency decrease in our services revenues during fiscal 2019 relative to fiscal 2018 was attributable to declines in our consulting and education services revenues. in constant currency, the americas, emea and asia pacific regions contributed 40%, 33% and 27%, respectively, to the growth in our fiscal 2019 total revenues.
excluding the effects of currency rate fluctuations, our total operating expenses increased during fiscal 2019 relative to fiscal 2018 primarily due to higher expenses related to our cloud and license business, which resulted primarily from increased headcount and infrastructure expenses to support the increase in our cloud and license business' revenues. this constant currency expense increase was partially offset by certain expense decreases in fiscal 2019 relative to fiscal 2018, primarily lower expenses related to our hardware business and lower restructuring expenses.
in constant currency, our total operating margin increased during fiscal 2019 relative to fiscal 2018 primarily due to the increase in revenues and total operating margin as a percentage of total revenues remained flat.
index to financial statements supplemental disclosure related to certain charges to supplement our consolidated financial information, we believe that the following information is helpful to an overall understanding of our past financial performance and prospects for the future. you should review the introduction under "impacts of acquisitions" (above) for a discussion of the inherent limitations in comparing pre- and post-acquisition information.
our operating results reported pursuant to gaap included the following business combination accounting adjustments and expenses related to acquisitions and certain other expense and income items that affected our gaap net income:
cloud services and license support deferred revenues(1)                $20                        $47
amortization of intangible assets(3)                                 1,689                      1,620
stock-based compensation, operating segments(6)                        518                        505
(1)   in connection with our acquisitions, we have estimated the fair values of the cloud services and license support contracts assumed. due to our application of business combination accounting rules, we did not recognize the cloud services and license support revenue amounts as presented in the above table that would have otherwise been recorded by the acquired businesses as independent entities upon delivery of the contractual obligations. to the extent customers for which these contractual obligations pertain renew these contracts with us, we expect to recognize revenues for the full contracts' values over the respective contracts' renewal periods.
(2)   certain acquired companies capitalized sales commissions associated with subscription agreements and amortized these amounts over the related contractual terms. business combination accounting rules generally require us to eliminate these acquired capitalized sales commissions balances as of the acquisition date and our post-combination gaap sales and marketing expenses generally do not reflect the amortization of these acquired deferred sales commissions balances. this adjustment is intended to include, and thus reflect, the full amount of amortization related to such balances as though the acquired companies operated independently in the periods presented.
(3)   represents the amortization of intangible assets, substantially all of which were acquired in connection with our acquisitions. as of may 31, 2019, estimated future amortization related to intangible assets was as follows (in millions):
(4)   acquisition related and other expenses primarily consist of personnel related costs and stock-based compensation expenses for transitional and certain other employees, integration related professional services, certain business combination adjustments including certain adjustments after the measurement period has ended and certain other operating items, net.
(5)   restructuring expenses during fiscal 2019 primarily related to employee severance in connection with our fiscal 2019 oracle restructuring plan (2019 restructuring plan). restructuring expenses during fiscal 2018 primarily related to employee severance in connection with our fiscal 2017 oracle restructuring plan (2017 restructuring plan). additional information regarding certain of our restructuring plans is provided in the discussion below under "restructuring expenses" and in note 8 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.
index to financial statements
(6)   stock-based compensation was included in the following operating expense line items of our consolidated statements of operations (in millions):
cloud services and license support                       $99                     $82
services                                                  49                      52
sales and marketing                                      360                     361
stock-based compensation, operating segments             518                     505
research and development                                 963                     921
stock-based compensation included in acquisition related and other expenses resulted from unvested stock options and restricted stock-based awards assumed from acquisitions whose vesting was accelerated generally upon termination of the employees pursuant to the terms of those stock options and restricted stock-based awards.
(7)   for fiscal 2019 and 2018, the applicable jurisdictional tax rates applied to our income before provision for income taxes after excluding the tax effects of items within the table above such as for stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, restructuring, and certain other acquisition related items; after excluding the effects of income tax reform (see footnote (8) below); and, for fiscal 2019, after excluding a tax benefit arising from the increase of a deferred tax asset associated with a partial realignment of our legal structure; resulted in an effective tax rate of 18.5% and 20.8% in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively, instead of 9.7% and 71.1%, respectively, which represented our effective tax rates as derived per our consolidated statements of operations.
(8)   the income tax reform adjustments presented in the table above were due to the enactment of the tax act (refer to note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report), which was effective for us in fiscal 2018, and also due to subsequent income tax expense adjustments made pursuant to sab 118 during fiscal 2019.
cloud and license business our cloud and license business engages in the sale, marketing and delivery of our applications and infrastructure technologies through various deployment models, including oracle cloud services offerings, cloud license and on-premise license offerings and license support offerings. oracle cloud services deliver certain of our applications and infrastructure technologies on a subscription basis via cloud-based deployment models that we develop, provide unspecified updates and enhancements for, host, manage, upgrade and support. our cloud services revenues are generally recognized over the contractual term, which is generally one to three years, or in the case of usage model contracts, as the cloud services are consumed. cloud license and on-premise license revenues represent fees earned from granting customers licenses, generally on a perpetual basis, to use our database and middleware and our applications software products within cloud and on-premise it environments and are generally recognized upfront at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer to download and use. license support revenues are typically generated through the sale of license support contracts related to cloud licenses and on-premise licenses purchased and renewed by our customers at their option and are generally recognized as revenues ratably over the contractual term, which is generally one year. we continue to place significant emphasis, both domestically and internationally, on direct sales through our own sales force. we also continue to market certain of our offerings through indirect channels. costs associated with our cloud and license business are included in cloud services and license support expenses, and sales and marketing expenses. these costs are largely personnel and infrastructure related including the cost of providing our cloud services and license support offerings, salaries and commissions earned by our sales force for the sale of our cloud and license offerings, and marketing program costs.
index to financial statements year ended may 31,
percent change
cloud services and license support(2)              3,597               5%                6%              3,441
sales and marketing(2)                             7,398               3%                5%              7,213
% revenues by geography:
revenues by offerings:
cloud services and license support(1)            $26,727               2%                4%            $26,269
revenues by ecosystem:
(1)   includes cloud services and license support revenue adjustments related to certain cloud services and license support contracts that would have otherwise been recorded as revenues by the acquired businesses as independent entities but were not recognized in our gaap-based consolidated statements of operations for the periods presented due to business combination accounting requirements. such revenue adjustments were included in our operating segment results for purposes of reporting to and review by our codms. see "presentation of operating segment results and other financial information" above for additional information.
(2)   excludes stock-based compensation and certain expense allocations. also excludes amortization of intangible assets and certain other gaap-based expenses, which were not allocated to our operating segment results for purposes of reporting to and review by our codms, as further described under "presentation of operating segment results and other financial information" above.
excluding the effects of currency rate fluctuations, our cloud and license business' total revenues increased in fiscal 2019 relative to fiscal 2018 due to growth in our cloud services and license support revenues, which was primarily due to increased customer purchases and renewals of cloud-based services and license support services in recent periods, contributions from our recent acquisitions and increased cloud license and on-premise license revenues. in constant currency, our total applications revenues and our total infrastructure revenues each grew during fiscal 2019 relative to fiscal 2018 as customers continued to deploy our applications technologies and infrastructure technologies through different deployment models that we offer that enable customer choice. the americas region contributed 43%, the emea region contributed 31% and the asia pacific region contributed 26% of the constant currency revenues growth for this business in fiscal 2019.
in constant currency, total cloud and license expenses increased in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 due to higher sales and marketing expenses and higher cloud services and license support expenses, each of which increased primarily due to higher employee related expenses from higher headcount and due to higher technology infrastructure expenses.
excluding the effects of currency rate fluctuations, our cloud and license segment's total margin increased in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to increased revenues, while total margin as a percentage of revenues decreased slightly due to expenses growth.
index to financial statements hardware business our hardware business' revenues are generated from the sales of our oracle engineered systems, server, storage, and industry-specific hardware products. each hardware product and its related software, such as an operating system or firmware, are highly interdependent and interrelated and are accounted for as a combined performance obligation. the revenues for this combined performance obligation are generally recognized at the point in time that the hardware product and its related software are delivered to the customer and ownership is transferred to the customer. our hardware business also earns revenues from the sale of hardware support contracts purchased and renewed by our customers at their option and are generally recognized as revenues ratably as the hardware support services are delivered over the contractual term, which is generally one year. the majority of our hardware products are sold through indirect channels such as independent distributors and value-added resellers, and we also market and sell our hardware products through our direct sales force. operating expenses associated with our hardware business include the cost of hardware products, which consists of expenses for materials and labor used to produce these products by our internal manufacturing operations or by third-party manufacturers, warranty expenses and the impact of periodic changes in inventory valuation, including the impact of inventory determined to be excess and obsolete; the cost of materials used to repair customer products; the cost of labor and infrastructure to provide support services; and sales and marketing expenses, which are largely personnel related and include variable compensation earned by our sales force for the sales of our hardware offerings.
percent change
hardware products and support(1)             1,327             -14%              -11%             1,547
sales and marketing(1)                         520             -19%              -16%               643
% revenues by geography:
(1)   excludes stock-based compensation and certain expense allocations. also excludes amortization of intangible assets and certain other gaap-based expenses, which were not allocated to our operating segment results for purposes of reporting to and review by our codms, as further described under "presentation of operating segments and other financial information" above.
excluding the effects of currency rate fluctuations, total hardware revenues decreased in fiscal 2019 relative to fiscal 2018 due to lower hardware products revenues and, to a lesser extent, lower hardware support revenues. the decrease in hardware products revenues in fiscal 2019 relative to fiscal 2018 was primarily attributable to our continued emphasis on the marketing and sale of our cloud-based infrastructure technologies, which resulted in reduced sales volumes of certain of our hardware product lines and also impacted the volume of hardware support contracts sold in recent periods. this constant currency hardware revenue decrease was partially offset by certain hardware revenue increases related to our oracle engineered systems offerings, primarily oracle exadata.
excluding the effects of currency rate fluctuations, total hardware expenses decreased in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to lower hardware products and support costs and lower sales and marketing employee related expenses, all of which aligned to lower hardware revenues.
index to financial statements in constant currency, total margin and total margin as a percentage of revenues for our hardware segment increased in fiscal 2019 due to lower expenses.
services business we offer services to customers and partners to help to maximize the performance of their investments in oracle applications and infrastructure technologies. services revenues are generally recognized as the services are performed. the cost of providing our services consists primarily of personnel related expenses, technology infrastructure expenditures, facilities expenses and external contractor expenses.
percent change
services revenues:
% revenues by geography:
(1)   excludes stock-based compensation and certain expense allocations. also excludes amortization of intangible assets and certain other gaap-based expenses, which were not allocated to our operating segment results for purposes of reporting to and review by our codms, as further described under "presentation of operating segments and other financial information" above.
excluding the effects of currency rate fluctuations, our total services revenues decreased in fiscal 2019 relative to fiscal 2018 primarily due to revenue declines in our education services and, to a lesser extent, our consulting services. during fiscal 2019, constant currency increases in our emea-based services revenues were offset by constant currency services revenue decreases in the americas and the asia pacific regions.
in constant currency, total services expenses increased in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in employee related expenses and external contractor expenses associated with investments in our consulting services that support our cloud offerings. in constant currency, total margin and total margin as a percentage of total services revenues decreased during fiscal 2019 relative to fiscal 2018 due to decreased revenues and increased expenses for this business.
research and development expenses: research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel related expenditures. we intend to continue to invest significantly in our research and development efforts because, in our judgment, they are essential to maintaining our competitive position.
percent change
research and development(1)          $5,063           -2%             0%                $5,163
% of total revenues                     15%                                                15%
index to financial statements on a constant currency basis, total research and development expenses were flat in fiscal 2019, as lower employee related expenses including lower variable compensation were offset by an increase in stock-based compensation expenses.
general and administrative expenses: general and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel related expenditures for it, finance, legal and human resources support functions; and professional services fees.
percent change
% of total revenues                        3%                                                 3%
excluding the effects of currency rate fluctuations, total general and administrative expenses increased in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to increased professional services fees.
amortization of intangible assets:    substantially all of our intangible assets were acquired through our business combinations. we amortize our intangible assets over, and monitor the appropriateness of, the estimated useful lives of these assets. we also periodically review these intangible assets for potential impairment based upon relevant facts and circumstances. note 6 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report has additional information regarding our intangible assets and related amortization.
percent change
cloud services and license support agreements and related relationships             712              -3%               -3%             731
total amortization of intangible assets                                          $1,689               4%                4%          $1,620
amortization of intangible assets increased in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to additional amortization from intangible assets, which primarily included developed technology that we acquired in connection with our recent acquisitions, partially offset by a reduction in expenses associated with certain of our intangible assets that became fully amortized.
acquisition related and other expenses: acquisition related and other expenses consist of personnel related costs and stock-based compensation for transitional and certain other employees, integration related professional services, and certain business combination adjustments including certain adjustments after the measurement period has ended and certain other operating items, net. stock-based compensation expenses included in acquisition related and other expenses resulted from unvested restricted stock-based awards and stock options assumed from acquisitions whereby vesting was accelerated generally upon termination of the employees pursuant to the original terms of those restricted stock-based awards and stock options.
percent change
professional fees and other, net                         16           373%            426%               3
business combination adjustments, net                   (21   )       *               *                  -
index to financial statements on a constant currency basis, acquisition related and other expenses decreased in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to certain favorable business combination related adjustments that were recorded in fiscal 2019.
restructuring expenses: restructuring expenses resulted from the execution of management approved restructuring plans that were generally developed to improve our cost structure and/or operations, often in conjunction with our acquisition integration strategies. restructuring expenses consist of employee severance costs and may also include charges for duplicate facilities and other contract termination costs to improve our cost structure prospectively. for additional information regarding our restructuring plans, see note 8 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.
percent change
restructuring expenses in fiscal 2019 primarily related to our 2019 restructuring plan. restructuring expenses in fiscal 2018 primarily related to our 2017 restructuring plan, which is substantially complete. our management approved, committed to and initiated these plans in order to restructure and further improve efficiencies in our operations. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, our management supplemented the 2019 restructuring plan to reflect additional actions that we expect to take. the total estimated restructuring costs associated with the 2019 restructuring plan are up to $584 million, of which approximately $108 million remained as of may 31, 2019, and will be recorded to the restructuring expense line item within our consolidated statements of operations as the costs are incurred through an expected end date during fiscal 2020. our estimated costs are subject to change in future periods. we may incur additional restructuring expenses in future periods due to the initiation of new restructuring plans or from changes in estimated costs associated with existing restructuring plans.
percent change
interest expense increased in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to higher average borrowings resulting from our issuance of $10.0 billion of senior notes in november 2017, which was partially offset by a reduction in interest expense resulting primarily from the maturities and repayments of $2.0 billion of senior notes during fiscal 2019 and $6.0 billion of senior notes during fiscal 2018.
non-operating income, net: non-operating income, net consists primarily of interest income, net foreign currency exchange losses, the noncontrolling interests in the net profits of our majority-owned subsidiaries (primarily oracle financial services software limited and oracle corporation japan) and net other income, including net recognized gains and losses related to all of our investments, net unrealized gains and losses related to the small portion of our investment portfolio related to our deferred compensation plan, net unrealized gains and losses related to certain equity securities and non-service net periodic pension income (losses).
percent change
total non-operating income, net                $815             -31%              -31%           $1,185
index to financial statements on a constant currency basis, our non-operating income, net decreased in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to decreases in other income, net in fiscal 2019, which was primarily attributable to realized gains on the sale of certain marketable securities during fiscal 2018, and lower interest income in fiscal 2019 primarily due to lower average cash, cash equivalent and marketable securities balances during fiscal 2019.
provision for income taxes: our effective income tax rates for each of the periods presented were the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad range of income tax rates. in fiscal 2018, the tax act was signed into law. the more significant provisions of the tax act as applicable to us are described above under "impacts of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act of 2017". refer to note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report for a discussion regarding the differences between the effective income tax rates as presented for the periods below and the u.s. federal statutory income tax rates that were in effect during these periods. future effective income tax rates could be adversely affected by an unfavorable shift of earnings weighted to jurisdictions with higher tax rates, by unfavorable changes in tax laws and regulations, by adverse rulings in tax related litigation, or by shortfalls in stock-based compensation realized by employees relative to stock-based compensation that was recorded for book purposes, among others.
percent change
provision for income taxes decreased in fiscal 2019 relative to fiscal 2018 primarily due to the absence of the initial accounting charges related to the tax act that were recorded in fiscal 2018. to a lesser extent, provision for income taxes also decreased in fiscal 2019 due to the net favorable impacts of our final accounting for the tax act in fiscal 2019; the net favorable impacts of the tax act on our tax profile during fiscal 2019; the favorable impact of a tax benefit arising from an increase in a deferred tax asset associated with a partial realignment of our legal structure in fiscal 2019; and lower income before provision for income taxes in fiscal 2019. these decreases to our provision for income taxes in fiscal 2019 relative to fiscal 2018 were partially offset both by lower excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation expense in fiscal 2019, and by less favorable changes in net unrecognized tax benefits due to settlements with tax authorities and other events in fiscal 2019 relative to fiscal 2018.
liquidity and capital resources as of may 31,
(dollars in millions)                                   2019           change   2018
working capital                                      $27,756           -51%           $57,035
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities     $37,827           -44%           $67,261
working capital: the decrease in working capital as of may 31, 2019 in comparison to may 31, 2018 was primarily due to $36.1 billion of cash used for repurchases of our common stock, the reclassification of $4.5 billion of long-term senior notes as a current liability and cash used to pay dividends to our stockholders during fiscal 2019. these unfavorable impacts were partially offset by the favorable effects to our net current assets resulting from our net income during fiscal 2019 and, to a lesser extent, proceeds from stock option exercises.
our working capital may be impacted by some or all of the aforementioned factors in future periods, the amounts and timing of which are variable.
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities: cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of deposits held at major banks, tier-1 commercial paper and other securities with original maturities of 90 days or less. marketable securities consist of tier-1 commercial paper debt securities, corporate debt securities and certain other securities. the decrease in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at may 31, 2019 in comparison to may 31, 2018 was primarily due to $36.1 billion used for repurchases of our common stock, the repayment of $4.5 billion of borrowings, payments of cash dividends to our stockholders and cash used for capital expenditures. these cash
index to financial statements outflows were partially offset by certain fiscal 2019 cash inflows, primarily cash inflows generated by our operations and cash inflows from stock option exercises during fiscal 2019.
the amount of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities that we report in u.s. dollars for a significant portion of the cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances held by our foreign subsidiaries is subject to translation adjustments caused by changes in foreign currency exchange rates as of the end of each respective reporting period (the offset to which is substantially recorded to accumulated other comprehensive loss (aocl) in our consolidated balance sheets and is also presented as a line item in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income included elsewhere in this annual report). as the u.s. dollar generally strengthened against certain major international currencies during fiscal 2019, the amount of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities that we reported in u.s. dollars for these subsidiaries decreased on a net basis as of may 31, 2019 relative to what we would have reported using constant currency rates from the may 31, 2018 balance sheet date.
(dollars in millions)                                  2019                        change   2018
net cash provided by operating activities                      $14,551                -5%        $15,386
cash flows from operating activities: our largest source of operating cash flows is cash collections from our customers following the purchase and renewal of their license support agreements. payments from customers for these support agreements are generally received near the beginning of the contracts' terms, which are generally one year in length. over the course of a fiscal year, we also have historically generated cash from the sales of new licenses, cloud services, hardware offerings and services. our primary uses of cash from operating activities are for employee related expenditures, material and manufacturing costs related to the production of our hardware products, taxes, interest payments and leased facilities.
net cash provided by operating activities decreased during fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to certain unfavorable cash changes in working capital balances, primarily unfavorable changes associated with income taxes including the first installment payment made pursuant to the transition tax provisions of the tax act during fiscal 2019 (see additional discussion of future installment payments pursuant to the tax act's transition tax under "contractual obligations" below).
cash flows from investing activities: the changes in cash flows from investing activities primarily relate to our acquisitions, the timing of our purchases, maturities and sales of our investments in marketable debt securities and investments in capital and other assets, including certain intangible assets, to support our growth.
net cash provided by investing activities was $26.6 billion during fiscal 2019 compared to $5.6 billion of net cash used for investing during fiscal 2018. the increase in net cash provided by investing activities during fiscal 2019 was primarily due to an increase in sales and maturities of, and a decrease in purchases of, marketable securities and other investments.
cash flows from financing activities: the changes in cash flows from financing activities primarily relate to borrowings and repayments related to our debt instruments as well as stock repurchases, dividend payments and net proceeds related to employee stock programs.
net cash used for financing activities during fiscal 2019 increased compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to increased stock repurchases as we used $36.1 billion of cash to repurchase common stock during fiscal 2019 compared to $11.3 billion during fiscal 2018.
index to financial statements free cash flow: to supplement our statements of cash flows presented on a gaap basis, we use non-gaap measures of cash flows on a trailing 4-quarter basis to analyze cash flows generated from our operations. we believe that free cash flow is also useful as one of the bases for comparing our performance with our competitors. the presentation of non-gaap free cash flow is not meant to be considered in isolation or as an alternative to net income as an indicator of our performance, or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity. we calculate free cash flow as follows:
(dollars in millions)                       2019                         change   2018
net cash provided by operating activities            $14,551                -5%             $15,386
capital expenditures                                  (1,660    )           -4%              (1,736   )
free cash flow as a percent of net income               116%                                   381%
long-term customer financing: we offer certain of our customers the option to acquire licenses, cloud services, hardware and services offerings through separate long-term payment contracts. we generally sell these contracts that we have financed for our customers on a non-recourse basis to financial institutions within 90 days of the contracts' dates of execution. we generally record the transfers of amounts due from customers to financial institutions as sales of financing receivables because we are considered to have surrendered control of these financing receivables. we financed $1.0 billion in fiscal 2019, $1.5 billion in 2018 and $912 million in fiscal 2017, respectively, or approximately 17%, 25% and 14%, respectively, of our cloud license and on-premise license revenues in fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
cash dividends: in fiscal 2019, we declared and paid cash dividends of $0.81 per share that totaled $2.9 billion. in june 2019, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.24 per share of our outstanding common stock payable on july 31, 2019 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on july 17, 2019. future declarations of dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to the final determination of our board of directors.
common stock repurchase program: our board of directors has approved a program for us to repurchase shares of our common stock. on september 17, 2018 and february 15, 2019, we announced that our board of directors approved expansions of our stock repurchase program collectively totaling $24.0 billion. as of may 31, 2019, approximately $5.8 billion remained available for stock repurchases pursuant to our stock repurchase program. we repurchased 733.8 million shares for $36.0 billion, 238.0 million shares for $11.5 billion, and 85.6 million shares for $3.5 billion in fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. our stock repurchase authorization does not have an expiration date and the pace of our repurchase activity will depend on factors such as our working capital needs, our cash requirements for acquisitions and dividend payments, our debt repayment obligations or repurchases of our debt, our stock price, and economic and market conditions. our stock repurchases may be effected from time to time through open market purchases and pursuant to a rule 10b5-1 plan. our stock repurchase program may be accelerated, suspended, delayed or discontinued at any time.
index to financial statements contractual obligations: the contractual obligations presented in the table below represent our estimates of future payments under our fixed contractual obligations and commitments. changes in our business needs, cancellation provisions, changing interest rates and other factors may result in actual payments differing from these estimates. we cannot provide certainty regarding the timing and amounts of payments. we have presented below a summary of the most significant assumptions used in preparing this information within the context of our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. the following is a summary of our material contractual obligations as of may 31, 2019:
operating leases(2)                          2,381               658                   538                   425                   262                   165              333
(1)   represents the principal balances and interest payments to be paid in connection with our senior notes and other borrowings outstanding as of may 31, 2019 after considering:
•   certain interest rate swap agreements for certain series of senior notes that have the economic effect of modifying the fixed-interest obligations associated with these senior notes so that they effectively became variable pursuant to a libor-based index. interest payments on these senior notes have been presented in the table above after consideration of these fixed to variable interest rate swap agreements based upon the interest rates applicable as of may 31, 2019 and are subject to change in future periods;
•   interest payments on our floating-rate senior notes that are based upon the interest rates applicable to the senior notes as of may 31, 2019 and are subject to change in future periods;
•   certain cross-currency swap agreements for our €1.25 billion 2.25% senior notes due 2021 that have the economic effect of converting our fixed-rate, euro-denominated debt, including annual interest payments and the payment of principal at maturity, to a fixed-rate, u.s. dollar-denominated debt with a fixed annual interest rate. principal and interest payments for these senior notes were calculated and presented in the table above based on the terms of these cross-currency swap agreements; and
•   certain cross-currency interest rate swap agreements for our €750 million 3.125% senior notes due july 2025 that have the economic effect of converting our fixed-rate, euro-denominated debt, including annual interest payments and the payment of principal at maturity, to a variable-rate, u.s. dollar-denominated debt. principal and interest payments for these senior notes were calculated and presented in the table above based on the terms of these cross-currency interest rate swap agreements as of may 31, 2019 and the interest payments are subject to change in future periods.
refer to notes 7 and 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report for additional information related to our notes payable and other borrowings and related derivative agreements.
(2)   primarily represents leases of facilities, land, data centers, and vehicles and includes future minimum rent payments for facilities that we have vacated pursuant to our restructuring activities. we have approximately $58 million in facility obligations, net of estimated sublease income, for certain vacated locations in accrued restructuring on our consolidated balance sheet at may 31, 2019.
(3)   represents the future cash payments related to the transition tax payable incurred as a result of the tax act. refer to note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report for additional information.
(4)   primarily represents amounts associated with agreements that are enforceable and legally binding; terms include: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the payment. we utilize several external manufacturers to manufacture sub-assemblies for our hardware products and to perform final assembly and testing of finished hardware products. we also obtain individual hardware components for our products from a variety of individual suppliers based on projected demand information. such purchase commitments are based on our forecasted component and manufacturing requirements and typically provide for fulfillment within agreed upon lead-times and/or commercially standard lead-times for the particular part or product and have been included in the amount presented in the above contractual obligations table. routine arrangements for other materials and goods that are not related to our external manufacturers and certain other suppliers and that are entered into in the ordinary course of business are not included in the amounts presented above, as they are generally entered into in order to secure pricing or other negotiated terms and are difficult to quantify in a meaningful way.
as of may 31, 2019, we had $7.6 billion of gross unrecognized income tax benefits, including related interest and penalties, recorded on our consolidated balance sheet, and all such obligations have been excluded from the contractual obligations table above due to the uncertainty as to when they might be settled. we cannot make a reasonably reliable estimate of the period in which the remainder of our unrecognized income tax benefits will be settled or released with the relevant tax authorities, although we believe it is reasonably possible that certain of these liabilities could be settled or released during fiscal 2020. we are involved in claims and legal proceedings. all
index to financial statements such claims and obligations have been excluded from the contractual obligations table above due to the uncertainty of claims and legal proceedings and associated estimates and assumptions, all of which are inherently unpredictable and many aspects of which are out of our control. notes 14 and 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report includes additional information regarding these contingencies.
we believe that our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures and contractual obligation requirements. in addition, we believe that we could fund our future acquisitions, dividend payments and repurchases of common stock or debt with our internally available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings or from the issuance of additional securities.
off-balance sheet arrangements: we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors.
selected quarterly financial data the following tables set forth selected unaudited quarterly information for our last eight fiscal quarters. we believe that all necessary adjustments, which consisted only of normal recurring adjustments, have been included in the amounts stated below to present fairly the results of such periods when read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. the sum of the quarterly financial information may vary from annual data due to rounding. refer to "seasonality and cyclicality" in item 1 and "business overview" in item 7 included elsewhere within this annual report for additional information regarding the seasonality of our revenues, expenses and margins.
gross profit                                   $7,240                    $7,561                    $7,638                $9,073
operating income                               $2,778                    $3,101                    $3,399                $4,257
gross profit                                   $7,176                    $7,629             $7,680                       $8,840
operating income                               $2,749                    $3,039             $3,315                       $4,161
restricted stock-based awards and stock options our stock-based compensation program is a key component of the compensation package we provide to attract and retain certain of our talented employees and align their interests with the interests of existing stockholders.
we recognize that restricted stock-based awards and stock options dilute existing stockholders and have sought to control the number of stock-based awards granted while providing competitive compensation packages. consistent with these dual goals, our cumulative potential dilution since june 1, 2016 has been a weighted-average annualized rate of 1.7% per year. the potential dilution percentage is calculated as the average annualized new restricted stock-based awards or stock options granted and assumed, net of restricted stock-based awards and
index to financial statements stock options forfeited by employees leaving the company, divided by the weighted-average outstanding shares during the calculation period. this maximum potential dilution will only result if all restricted stock-based awards vest and stock options are exercised. of the outstanding stock options at may 31, 2019, which generally have a ten-year exercise period, approximately 23% have exercise prices higher than the market price of our common stock on such date. in recent years, our stock repurchase program has more than offset the dilutive effect of our stock-based compensation program. however, we may modify the levels of our stock repurchases in the future depending on a number of factors, including the amount of cash we have available for acquisitions, to pay dividends, to repay or repurchase indebtedness or for other purposes. as of may 31, 2019, the maximum potential dilution from all outstanding restricted stock-based awards and unexercised stock options, regardless of when granted and regardless of whether vested or unvested and including stock options where the strike price is higher than the market price as of such date, was 9.6%.
during fiscal 2019, the compensation committee of the board of directors reviewed and approved the annual organization-wide stock-based award grants to selected employees; all stock-based award grants to senior officers; and any individual grant of restricted stock units of 62,500 or greater. the annual organization-wide stock-based award grants to selected employees are generally approved by the compensation committee during the ten business day period following the second trading day after the announcement of our fiscal fourth quarter earnings report. each member of a separate executive officer committee, referred to as the plan committee, was allocated a fiscal 2019 equity budget that could be used throughout the fiscal year to grant equity within his or her organization, subject to certain limitations established by the compensation committee.
weighted-average annualized restricted stock-based awards and stock options granted and assumed, net of forfeitures and cancellations                                                                                                                                    66
restricted stock-based awards and stock options outstanding as a percent of shares outstanding at may 31, 2019                                                                                                                                                         9.6%
total restricted stock-based awards and in the money stock options outstanding (based on the closing price of our common stock on the last trading day of fiscal 2019) as a percent of shares outstanding at may 31, 2019                                              8.0%
weighted-average annualized restricted stock-based awards and stock options granted and assumed, net of forfeitures and cancellations and before stock repurchases, as a percent of weighted-average shares outstanding from june 1, 2016 through may 31, 2019         1.7%
weighted-average annualized restricted stock-based awards and stock options granted and assumed, net of forfeitures and cancellations and after stock repurchases, as a percent of weighted-average shares outstanding from june 1, 2016 through may 31, 2019         -7.3%
recent accounting pronouncements for information with respect to recent accounting pronouncements, if any, and the impact of these pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements, if any, see note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.
index to financial statements