item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of microsoft corporation. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our financial statements and the accompanying notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
overview microsoft is a technology company whose mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. we strive to create local opportunity, growth, and impact in every country around the world. our platforms and tools help drive small business productivity, large business competitiveness, and public-sector efficiency. they also support new startups, improve educational and health outcomes, and empower human ingenuity.
we generate revenue by licensing and supporting an array of software products; offering a wide range of cloud-based and other services to people and businesses; designing, manufacturing, and selling devices; and delivering relevant online advertising to a global audience. our most significant expenses are related to compensating employees; designing, manufacturing, marketing, and selling our products and services; datacenter costs in support of our cloud-based services; and income taxes.
•   commercial cloud revenue, which primarily comprises microsoft office 365 commercial, microsoft azure, microsoft dynamics 365, and other cloud properties, increased 56% to $23.2 billion.
•   office commercial revenue increased 11%, driven by office 365 commercial revenue growth of 41%.
•   office consumer revenue increased 11% and office 365 consumer subscribers increased to 31.4 million.
•   linkedin contributed revenue of $5.3 billion, driven by strong momentum across all business lines.
•   dynamics revenue increased 13%, driven by dynamics 365 revenue growth of 65%.
•   server products and cloud services revenue increased 21%, driven by azure revenue growth of 91%.
•   enterprise services revenue increased 5%.
•   windows original equipment manufacturer licensing ("windows oem") revenue increased 5%, driven by oem pro revenue growth of 11%.
•   windows commercial revenue increased 12%, driven by an increased volume of multi-year agreements.
•   gaming revenue increased 14%, driven by xbox software and services revenue growth of 20%, mainly from third-party title strength.
•   microsoft surface revenue increased 16%, driven by a higher mix of premium devices and an increase in volumes sold, due to the latest editions of surface.
on june 4, 2018, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire github, inc. for $7.5 billion in an all-stock transaction, which is expected to close by the end of the calendar year. on december 8, 2016, we completed our acquisition of linkedin corporation for a total purchase price of $27.0 billion. linkedin has been included in our consolidated results of operations since the date of acquisition. refer to note 9 - business combinations of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja") was enacted into law, which significantly changes existing u.s. tax law and includes numerous provisions that affect our business. during fiscal year 2018, we recorded a net charge of $13.7 billion related to the tcja. refer to note 13 - income taxes of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
we adopted the new accounting standards for revenue recognition and leases effective july 1, 2017. these new standards had a material impact in our consolidated financial statements. beginning in fiscal year 2018, our financial results reflect adoption of the standards with prior periods restated accordingly. refer to note 1 - accounting policies of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
industry trends our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. at microsoft, we push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers and users, industry trends, and competitive forces.
economic conditions, challenges, and risks the markets for software, devices, and cloud-based services are dynamic and highly competitive. our competitors are developing new software and devices, while also deploying competing cloud-based services for consumers and businesses. the devices and form factors customers prefer evolve rapidly, and influence how users access services in the cloud, and in some cases, the user's choice of which suite of cloud-based services to use. we must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. the investments we are making in infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins.
our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. we hire a mix of university and industry talent worldwide. we compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment, broad customer reach, scale in resources, the ability to grow one's career across many different products and businesses, and competitive compensation and benefits. aggregate demand for our software, services, and devices is correlated to global macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, which remain dynamic.
our international operations provide a significant portion of our total revenue and expenses. many of these revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. as a result, changes in foreign exchange rates may significantly affect revenue and expenses. strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies throughout fiscal year 2017 negatively impacted reported revenue and reduced reported expenses from our international operations. this trend reversed in fiscal year 2018. strengthening of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar positively impacted reported revenue and increased reported expenses from our international operations.
refer to risk factors (part i, item 1a of this form 10-k) for a discussion of these factors and other risks.
seasonality we expect our revenue to fluctuate quarterly and to be higher in the second and fourth quarters of our fiscal year. second quarter revenue is driven by corporate year-end spending trends in our major markets and holiday season spending by consumers, and fourth quarter revenue is driven by the volume of multi-year on-premises contracts executed during the period.
reportable segments we report our financial performance based on the following segments: productivity and business processes, intelligent cloud, and more personal computing. the segment amounts included in md&a are presented on a basis consistent with our internal management reporting. all differences between our internal management reporting basis and accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"), along with certain corporate-level and other activity, are included in corporate and other.
additional information on our reportable segments is contained in note 21 - segment information and geographic data of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
summary results of operations
(in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)          2018               2017               2016           percentage      percentage change 2018     change 2017
operating income                                                     35,058             29,025             26,078             21%             11%
adjusted operating income                                            35,058             29,331             27,188             20%              8%
consolidated results of operations include linkedin results since the date of acquisition on december 8, 2016. fiscal year 2018 includes a full period of linkedin results, whereas fiscal year 2017 only includes results from the date of acquisition.
adjusted operating income, net income, and adjusted diluted earnings per share ("eps") exclude the net charge related to the tcja, and impairment and restructuring expenses. refer to the non-gaap financial measures section below for a reconciliation of our financial results reported in accordance with gaap to non-gaap financial results.
revenue increased $13.8 billion or 14%, driven by growth across each of our segments. productivity and business processes revenue increased, driven by linkedin and higher revenue from office. intelligent cloud revenue increased, primarily due to higher revenue from server products and cloud services. more personal computing revenue increased, driven by higher revenue from gaming, windows, search advertising, and surface, offset in part by lower revenue from phone.
gross margin increased $9.7 billion or 16%, due to growth across each of our segments. gross margin percentage increased slightly, driven by favorable segment sales mix and gross margin percentage improvement in more personal computing. gross margin included a 7 percentage point improvement in commercial cloud, primarily from azure.
operating income increased $6.0 billion or 21%, driven by growth across each of our segments. linkedin operating loss increased $63 million to $987 million, including $1.5 billion of amortization of intangible assets. operating income included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
key changes in expenses were:
•   cost of revenue increased $4.1 billion or 12%, mainly due to growth in our commercial cloud, gaming, linkedin, and search advertising, offset in part by a reduction in phone cost of revenue.
•   sales and marketing expenses increased $2.0 billion or 13%, primarily due to linkedin expenses and investments in commercial sales capacity, offset in part by a decrease in windows marketing expenses.
•   research and development expenses increased $1.7 billion or 13%, primarily due to investments in cloud engineering and linkedin expenses.
current year net income and diluted eps were negatively impacted by the net charge related to tcja, which resulted in a decrease to net income and diluted earnings per share of $13.7 billion and $1.75, respectively. prior year diluted eps was negatively impacted by restructuring expenses, which resulted in a decrease in operating income, net income, and diluted eps of $306 million, $243 million, and $0.04, respectively.
revenue increased $5.4 billion or 6%, driven by growth in productivity and business processes and intelligent cloud, offset in part by lower revenue from more personal computing. productivity and business processes revenue increased, driven by the acquisition of linkedin and higher revenue from microsoft office. intelligent cloud revenue increased, primarily due to higher revenue from server products and cloud services. more personal computing revenue decreased, mainly due to lower revenue from devices, offset in part by higher revenue from windows and search advertising.
gross margin increased $3.9 billion or 7%, due to growth across each of our segments, including the acquisition of linkedin, driven by higher revenue. gross margin percentage increased slightly due to a margin percent increase in more personal computing and segment sales mix, offset in part by margin percent declines in productivity and business processes and intelligent cloud. gross margin percentage includes a 5 percentage point improvement in commercial cloud gross margin primarily across azure and office 365.
operating income increased $2.9 billion or 11%, primarily due to higher gross margin and lower impairment and restructuring expenses, offset in part by an increase in research and development and sales and marketing expenses. operating income included an operating loss of $924 million related to the acquisition of linkedin, including $866 million of amortization of intangible assets. operating income also included an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 3%. key changes in expenses were:
•   cost of revenue increased $1.5 billion or 5%, mainly due to growth in our commercial cloud, the acquisition of linkedin, and higher search advertising traffic acquisition costs, offset in part by a reduction in phone sales and gaming cost of revenue.
•   research and development expenses increased $1.0 billion or 9%, primarily due to linkedin expenses and increased investments in cloud engineering, offset in part by a reduction in phone expenses.
•   sales and marketing expenses increased $826 million or 6%, primarily due to linkedin expenses and increased investments in sales capacity for our commercial cloud, offset in part by a reduction in phone and marketing expenses.
•   impairment and restructuring expenses decreased $804 million, driven by asset impairment charges and restructuring charges related to our phone business in fiscal year 2016, offset in part by employee severance expenses primarily related to our sales and marketing restructuring plan in fiscal year 2017.
diluted eps was $3.25 for fiscal year 2017, and was negatively impacted by restructuring expenses, which resulted in a decrease of $0.04. diluted eps was $2.56 for fiscal year 2016, and was negatively impacted by impairment and restructuring expenses, which resulted in a decrease of $0.11.
segment results of operations
(in millions, except percentages)           2018               2017                   2016               percentage      percentage change 2018     change 2017
revenue productivity and business processes             $35,865            $29,870                $25,792                 20%             16%
intelligent cloud                                32,219             27,407                 24,952                 18%             10%
operating income (loss)
productivity and business processes             $12,924            $11,389                $11,756                 13%            (3)%
intelligent cloud                                11,524              9,127                  9,249                 26%            (1)%
productivity and business processes revenue increased $6.0 billion or 20%.
•   linkedin revenue increased $3.0 billion to $5.3 billion. fiscal year 2018 includes a full period of results, whereas fiscal year 2017 only includes results from the date of acquisition on december 8, 2016. linkedin revenue primarily consisted of revenue from talent solutions.
•   office commercial revenue increased $2.4 billion or 11%, driven by office 365 commercial revenue growth, mainly due to growth in subscribers and average revenue per user, offset in part by lower revenue from products licensed on-premises, reflecting a continued shift to office 365 commercial.
•   office consumer revenue increased $382 million or 11%, driven by office 365 consumer revenue growth, mainly due to growth in subscribers.
•   dynamics revenue increased 13%, driven by dynamics 365 revenue growth.
operating income increased $1.5 billion or 13%, including a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
•   gross margin increased $4.4 billion or 19%, driven by linkedin and growth in office commercial. gross margin percentage decreased slightly, due to an increased mix of cloud offerings, offset in part by gross margin percentage improvement in office 365 commercial and linkedin. linkedin cost of revenue increased $818 million to $1.7 billion, including $888 million of amortization for acquired intangible assets.
•   operating expenses increased $2.9 billion or 25%, driven by linkedin expenses and investments in commercial sales capacity and cloud engineering. linkedin operating expenses increased $2.2 billion to $4.5 billion, including $617 million of amortization of acquired intangible assets.
intelligent cloud revenue increased $4.8 billion or 18%.
•   server products and cloud services revenue increased $4.5 billion or 21%, driven by azure and server products licensed on-premises revenue growth. azure revenue growth of 91%, due to higher infrastructure-as-a-service and platform-as-a-service consumption-based and per user-based services. server products licensed on-premises revenue increased 5%, mainly due to a higher mix of premium licenses for windows server and microsoft sql server.
•   enterprise services revenue increased $304 million or 5%, driven by higher revenue from premier support services and microsoft consulting services, offset in part by a decline in revenue from custom support agreements.
operating income increased $2.4 billion or 26%.
•   gross margin increased $3.1 billion or 16%, driven by growth in server products and cloud services revenue and cloud services scale and efficiencies. gross margin percentage decreased, due to an increased mix of cloud offerings, offset in part by gross margin percentage improvement in azure.
•   operating expenses increased $683 million or 7%, driven by investments in commercial sales capacity and cloud engineering.
•   windows revenue increased $925 million or 5%, driven by growth in windows commercial and windows oem, offset by a decline in patent licensing revenue. windows commercial revenue increased 12%, driven by multi-year agreement revenue growth. windows oem revenue increased 5%. windows oem pro revenue grew 11%, ahead of a strengthening commercial pc market. windows oem non-pro revenue declined 4%, below the consumer pc market, driven by continued pressure in the entry-level price category.
•   gaming revenue increased $1.3 billion or 14%, driven by xbox software and services revenue growth of 20%, mainly from third-party title strength.
•   search advertising revenue increased $793 million or 13%. search advertising revenue, excluding traffic acquisition costs, increased 16%, driven by growth in bing, due to higher revenue per search and search volume.
•   surface revenue increased $625 million or 16%, driven by a higher mix of premium devices and an increase in volumes sold, due to the latest editions of surface.
operating income increased $1.8 billion or 20%, including a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
•   gross margin increased $2.2 billion or 11%, driven by growth in windows, surface, search, and gaming. gross margin percentage increased, primarily due to gross margin percentage improvement in surface.
•   operating expenses increased $391 million or 3%, driven by investments in search, artificial intelligence, and gaming engineering and commercial sales capacity, offset in part by a decrease in windows marketing expenses.
productivity and business processes revenue increased $4.1 billion or 16%.
•   linkedin revenue was $2.3 billion, primarily comprised of revenue from talent solutions.
•   office commercial revenue increased $1.4 billion or 7%, driven by higher revenue from office 365 commercial, mainly due to growth in subscribers, offset in part by lower revenue from products licensed on-premises, reflecting a continued shift to office 365 commercial.
•   office consumer revenue increased $351 million or 11%, driven by higher revenue from office 365 consumer, mainly due to growth in subscribers.
•   dynamics revenue increased 5%, primarily due to higher revenue from dynamics 365.
operating income decreased $367 million or 3%, including an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
•   operating expenses increased $2.3 billion or 26%, mainly due to linkedin and cloud engineering expenses. operating expenses included $2.3 billion related to our acquisition of linkedin, including $359 million of amortization of acquired intangible assets. sales and marketing expenses increased $1.2 billion or 24%, research and development expenses increased $955 million or 35%, and general and administrative expenses increased $212 million or 14%.
•   gross margin increased $2.0 billion or 9%, primarily due to our acquisition of linkedin. gross margin percentage decreased, due to an increased mix of cloud offerings and amortization of acquired intangible assets related to linkedin. cost of revenue included $918 million related to our acquisition of linkedin, including $507 million of amortization of acquired intangible assets.
intelligent cloud revenue increased $2.5 billion or 10%.
•   server products and cloud services revenue grew $2.6 billion or 14%, driven by azure revenue growth of 98% and server products licensed on-premises revenue growth of 5%.
•   enterprise services revenue decreased 2%, driven by a decline in revenue from custom support agreements, offset in part by higher revenue from premier support services and microsoft consulting services.
operating income decreased $122 million or 1%, including an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
•   operating expenses increased $975 million or 11%, driven by investments in sales capacity, cloud engineering, and developer engagement. sales and marketing expenses increased $549 million or 13%, research and development expenses increased $468 million or 14%, and general and administrative expenses decreased $42 million or 3%.
•   gross margin increased $853 million or 5%, driven by growth in server products and cloud services revenue and cloud services scale and efficiencies, offset in part by a decline in enterprise services gross margin. gross margin percentage decreased, due to an increased mix of cloud offerings and lower enterprise services gross margin percent, offset by improvement in azure gross margin percent.
•   windows revenue increased $1.0 billion or 6%, mainly due to higher revenue from windows commercial and windows oem. windows commercial revenue grew 14%, driven by multi-year agreement revenue. windows oem revenue increased 3%. windows oem pro revenue grew 4%, outperforming the commercial pc market, primarily due to a higher mix of premium licenses sold. windows oem non-pro revenue grew 3%, outperforming the consumer pc market, primarily due to a higher mix of premium devices sold.
•   search advertising revenue increased $791 million or 15%. search advertising revenue, excluding traffic acquisition costs, increased 9%, primarily driven by growth in bing, due to higher revenue per search and search volume.
•   gaming revenue decreased slightly, primarily due to lower xbox hardware revenue, offset in part by higher revenue from xbox software and services. xbox hardware revenue decreased 21%, mainly due to lower prices of consoles sold and a decline in volume of consoles sold. xbox software and services revenue increased 11%, driven by a higher volume of xbox live transactions and revenue per transaction.
•   surface revenue decreased $82 million or 2%, primarily due to a reduction in volumes sold, offset in part by a higher mix of premium devices.
operating income increased $2.6 billion or 43%, including an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 3%.
•   operating expenses decreased $1.5 billion or 12%, driven by a reduction in phone expenses and surface launch-related expenses in the prior year. sales and marketing expenses decreased $893 million or 16%, research and development expenses decreased $374 million or 6%, and general and administrative expenses decreased $252 million or 16%.
•   gross margin increased $1.1 billion or 6%, driven by growth in windows, search advertising, and gaming, offset in part by a decline in phone and surface. gross margin percentage increased, due to favorable sales mix and gross margin percent improvements across windows, gaming, and search advertising, offset by a gross margin percent decline in devices.
corporate and other corporate and other operating loss is comprised of corporate-level activity not specifically allocated to a segment, including impairment and restructuring expenses.
corporate and other operating loss decreased $306 million, due to a reduction in impairment and restructuring expenses, driven by employee severance expenses primarily related to our sales and marketing restructuring plan in fiscal year 2017.
corporate and other operating loss decreased $804 million, primarily due to a reduction in impairment and restructuring expenses, driven by asset impairment charges and restructuring charges related to our phone business in fiscal year 2016, offset in part by employee severance expenses primarily related to our sales and marketing restructuring plan in fiscal year 2017.
operating expenses research and development
(in millions, except percentages)        2018            2017            2016         percentage      percentage change 2018     change 2017
research and development                  $14,726         $13,037         $11,988             13%              9%
as a percent of revenue                       13%             13%             13%            0ppt            0ppt research and development expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with product development. research and development expenses also include third-party development and programming costs, localization costs incurred to translate software for international markets, and the amortization of purchased software code and services content.
research and development expenses increased $1.7 billion or 13%, primarily due to investments in cloud engineering and linkedin expenses. linkedin expenses increased $762 million to $1.5 billion.
research and development expenses increased $1.0 billion or 9%, primarily due to linkedin expenses and increased investments in cloud engineering, offset in part by a reduction in phone expenses. expenses included $745 million related to our acquisition of linkedin.
sales and marketing
(in millions, except percentages)        2018            2017            2016         percentage      percentage change 2018     change 2017
sales and marketing                       $17,469         $15,461         $14,635             13%              6%
as a percent of revenue                       16%             16%             16%            0ppt            0ppt sales and marketing expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with sales and marketing personnel, and the costs of advertising, promotions, trade shows, seminars, and other programs.
sales and marketing expenses increased $2.0 billion or 13%, primarily due to linkedin expenses and investments in commercial sales capacity, offset in part by a decrease in windows marketing expenses. linkedin expenses increased $1.2 billion to $2.5 billion, including $617 million of amortization of acquired intangible assets.
sales and marketing expenses increased $826 million or 6%, primarily due to linkedin expenses and increased investments in sales capacity for our commercial cloud, offset in part by a reduction in phone expenses and prior year marketing expenses primarily related to surface, commercial, and windows 10. expenses included $1.2 billion related to our acquisition of linkedin, including $359 million of amortization of acquired intangible assets.
(in millions, except percentages)        2018            2017            2016               percentage            percentage change 2018 versus 2017     change 2017
as a percent of revenue                        4%              5%              5%                      (1)ppt            0ppt general and administrative expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, severance expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with finance, legal, facilities, certain human resources and other administrative personnel, certain taxes, and legal and other administrative fees.
general and administrative expenses decreased $82 million or 2%, primarily due to prior year investments in infrastructure supporting our business transformation, a reduction in phone expenses, and lower employee-related expenses, offset in part by linkedin expenses. expenses included $294 million related to our acquisition of linkedin.
impairment and restructuring expenses impairment and restructuring expenses include costs associated with the impairment of intangible assets related to our phone business, and employee severance expenses and other costs associated with the consolidation of facilities and manufacturing operations related to restructuring activities.
during fiscal year 2017, we recorded $306 million of employee severance expenses primarily related to our sales and marketing restructuring plan.
impairment and restructuring expenses were $306 million for fiscal year 2017, compared to $1.1 billion for fiscal year 2016.
during fiscal year 2016, we recorded $630 million of asset impairment charges related to our phone business. we also recorded $480 million of restructuring charges, including employee severance expenses and contract termination costs, primarily related to our previously announced phone business restructuring plans.
other income (expense), net the components of other income (expense), net were as follows:
we use derivative instruments to: manage risks related to foreign currencies, equity prices, interest rates, and credit; enhance investment returns; and facilitate portfolio diversification. gains and losses from changes in fair values of derivatives that are not designated as hedges are primarily recognized in other income (expense), net.
dividends and interest income increased primarily due to higher average portfolio balances and yields on fixed-income securities. interest expense increased primarily due to higher average outstanding long-term debt and higher finance lease expense. net recognized gains on investments decreased primarily due to higher losses on sales of fixed-income securities, offset in part by higher gains on sales of equity securities. net losses on derivatives decreased primarily due to lower losses on equity, foreign exchange, and commodity derivatives, offset in part by losses on interest rate derivatives in the current period as compared to gains in the prior period.
dividends and interest income increased primarily due to higher portfolio balances and yields on fixed-income securities. interest expense increased primarily due to higher outstanding long-term debt. net recognized gains on investments increased primarily due to higher gains on sales of equity securities. net losses on derivatives increased due to higher losses on equity derivatives, offset in part by lower losses on commodity and foreign currency derivatives. other, net reflects recognized losses from certain joint ventures and divestitures.
our effective tax rate for fiscal years 2018 and 2017 was 55% and 15%, respectively. the increase in our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017 was primarily due to the net charge related to the enactment of the tcja in fiscal year 2018 and the realization of tax benefits attributable to previous phone business losses in fiscal year 2017. our effective tax rate was higher than the u.s. federal statutory rate primarily due to the net charge related to the enactment of the tcja, offset in part by earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from our foreign regional operations centers in ireland, singapore, and puerto rico.
the mix of income before income taxes between the u.s. and foreign countries impacted our effective tax rate as a result of the geographic distribution of, and customer demand for, our products and services. in fiscal year 2018, our u.s. income before income taxes was $11.5 billion and our foreign income before income taxes was $24.9 billion. in fiscal year 2017, our u.s. income before income taxes was $6.8 billion and our foreign income before income taxes was $23.1 billion.
our effective tax rate for fiscal years 2017 and 2016 was 15% and 20%, respectively. the decrease in our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016 was primarily due to the realization of tax benefits attributable to previous phone business losses, offset in part by changes in the mix of our income before income taxes between the u.s. and foreign countries. our effective tax rate was lower than the u.s. federal statutory rate primarily due to earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from our foreign regional operations centers in ireland, singapore, and puerto rico.
the mix of income before income taxes between the u.s. and foreign countries impacted our effective tax rate as a result of the geographic distribution of, and customer demand for, our products and services. in fiscal year 2017, our u.s. income before income taxes was $6.8 billion and our foreign income before income taxes was $23.1 billion. in fiscal year 2016, our u.s. income before income taxes was $5.1 billion and our foreign income before income taxes was $20.5 billion.
recent tax legislation on december 22, 2017, the tcja was enacted into law, which significantly changes existing u.s. tax law and includes numerous provisions that affect our business, such as imposing a one-time transition tax on deemed repatriation of deferred foreign income, reducing the u.s. federal statutory tax rate, and adopting a territorial tax system. the tcja required us to incur a one-time transition tax on deferred foreign income not previously subject to u.s. income tax at a rate of 15.5% for foreign cash and certain other net current assets, and 8% on the remaining income. the tcja also reduced the u.s. federal statutory tax rate from 35% to 21% effective january 1, 2018. for fiscal year 2018, our blended u.s. federal statutory tax rate is 28.1%. this is the result of using the tax rate of 35% for the first and second quarter of fiscal year 2018 and the reduced tax rate of 21% for the third and fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018. the tcja includes a provision to tax global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti") of foreign subsidiaries and a base erosion anti-abuse tax ("beat") measure that taxes certain payments between a u.s. corporation and its foreign subsidiaries. the gilti and beat provisions of the tcja will be effective for us beginning july 1, 2018.
the tcja was effective in the second quarter of fiscal year 2018. as of june 30, 2018, we have not completed our accounting for the estimated tax effects of the tcja. during fiscal year 2018, we recorded a provisional net charge of $13.7 billion related to the tcja based on reasonable estimates for those tax effects. due to the timing of the enactment and the complexity in applying the provisions of the tcja, the provisional net charge is subject to revisions as we continue to complete our analysis of the tcja, collect and prepare necessary data, and interpret any additional guidance issued by the u.s. treasury department, internal revenue service ("irs"), financial accounting standards board, and other standard-setting and regulatory bodies. adjustments may materially impact our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate in the period in which the adjustments are made. our accounting for the estimated tax effects of the tcja will be completed during the measurement period, which is not expected to extend beyond one year from the enactment date.
during fiscal year 2018, we recorded an estimated net charge of $13.7 billion related to the tcja, due to the impact of the one-time transition tax on the deemed repatriation of deferred foreign income of $17.9 billion, offset in part by the impact of changes in the tax rate of $4.2 billion, primarily on deferred tax assets and liabilities.
uncertain tax positions while we settled a portion of the irs audit for tax years 2004 to 2006 during the third quarter of fiscal year 2011, and a portion of the irs audit for tax years 2007 to 2009 during the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, we remain under audit for those years. in the second quarter of fiscal year 2018, we settled a portion of the irs audit for tax years 2010 to 2013. we continue to be subject to examination by the irs for tax years 2010 to 2017. in february 2012, the irs withdrew its 2011 revenue agents report for tax years 2004 to 2006 and reopened the audit phase of the examination. as of june 30, 2018, the primary unresolved issue relates to transfer pricing, which could have a significant impact in our consolidated financial statements if not resolved favorably. we believe our allowances for income tax contingencies are adequate. we have not received a proposed assessment for the unresolved issues and do not expect a final resolution of these issues in the next 12 months. based on the information currently available, we do not anticipate a significant increase or decrease to our tax contingencies for these issues within the next 12 months.
we are subject to income tax in many jurisdictions outside the u.s. our operations in certain jurisdictions remain subject to examination for tax years 1996 to 2017, some of which are currently under audit by local tax authorities. the resolution of each of these audits is not expected to be material to our consolidated financial statements.
non-gaap financial measures adjusted operating income, net income and diluted earnings per share are non-gaap financial measures which exclude the net charge related to the tcja, and impairment and restructuring expenses. we believe these non-gaap measures aid investors by providing additional insight into our operational performance and help clarify trends affecting our business. for comparability of reporting, management considers non-gaap measures in conjunction with gaap financial results in evaluating business performance. these non-gaap financial measures presented should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap.
the following table reconciles our financial results reported in accordance with gaap to non-gaap financial results:
(in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)         2018              2017             2016          percentage      percentage change 2018     change 2017
operating income                                                   $35,058         $29,025           $26,078             21%             11%
impairment and restructuring expenses                                    0             306             1,110
adjusted operating income                                          $35,058         $29,331           $27,188             20%              8%
impairment and restructuring expenses                                    0             243               895
impairment and restructuring expenses                                    0            0.04              0.11
financial condition cash, cash equivalents, and investments cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaled $133.8 billion and $133.0 billion as of june 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. equity and other investments were $1.9 billion and $6.0 billion as of june 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. our short-term investments are primarily intended to facilitate liquidity and capital preservation. they consist predominantly of highly liquid investment-grade fixed-income securities, diversified among industries and individual issuers. the investments are predominantly u.s. dollar-denominated securities, but also include foreign currency-denominated securities to diversify risk. our fixed-income investments are exposed to interest rate risk and credit risk. the credit risk and average maturity of our fixed-income portfolio are managed to achieve economic returns that correlate to certain fixed-income indices. the settlement risk related to these investments is insignificant given that the short-term investments held are primarily highly liquid investment-grade fixed-income securities.
as a result of the tcja, our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments held by foreign subsidiaries are no longer subject to u.s. tax on repatriation into the u.s.
valuation in general, and where applicable, we use quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities to determine the fair value of our financial instruments. this pricing methodology applies to our level 1 investments, such as u.s. government securities, common and preferred stock, and mutual funds. if quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities are not available to determine fair value, then we use quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities or inputs other than the quoted prices that are observable either directly or indirectly. this pricing methodology applies to our level 2 investments such as corporate notes and bonds, foreign government bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, commercial paper, certificates of deposit, and u.s. agency securities. level 3 investments are valued using internally developed models with unobservable inputs. assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable inputs are an immaterial portion of our portfolio.
a majority of our investments are priced by pricing vendors and are generally level 1 or level 2 investments as these vendors either provide a quoted market price in an active market or use observable inputs for their pricing without applying significant adjustments. broker pricing is used mainly when a quoted price is not available, the investment is not priced by our pricing vendors, or when a broker price is more reflective of fair values in the market in which the investment trades. our broker-priced investments are generally classified as level 2 investments because the broker prices these investments based on similar assets without applying significant adjustments. in addition, all our broker-priced investments have a sufficient level of trading volume to demonstrate that the fair values used are appropriate for these investments. our fair value processes include controls that are designed to ensure appropriate fair values are recorded. these controls include model validation, review of key model inputs, analysis of period-over-period fluctuations, and independent recalculation of prices where appropriate.
cash from operations increased $4.4 billion to $43.9 billion for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, mainly due to an increase in cash received from customers, offset in part by an increase in cash paid to employees, net cash paid for income taxes, cash paid for interest on debt, and cash paid to suppliers. cash used in financing was $33.6 billion for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, compared to cash from financing of $8.4 billion for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017. the change was mainly due to a $41.7 billion decrease in proceeds from issuance of debt, net of repayments, offset in part by a $1.1 billion decrease in cash used for common stock repurchases. cash used in investing decreased $40.7 billion to $6.1 billion for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, mainly due to a $25.1 billion decrease in cash used for acquisitions of companies, net of cash acquired, and purchases of intangible and other assets, and a $19.1 billion increase in cash from net investment purchases, sales, and maturities.
cash from operations increased $6.2 billion to $39.5 billion during the fiscal year, mainly due to an increase in cash received from customers and an income tax refund for overpayment of estimated taxes, offset in part by an increase in cash paid to employees. cash from financing increased $16.8 billion to $8.4 billion, mainly due to a $13.2 billion increase in proceeds from issuances of debt, net of repayments, and a $4.2 billion decrease in cash used for common stock repurchases, offset in part by an $839 million increase in dividends paid. cash used in investing increased $22.8 billion to $46.8 billion, mainly due to a $24.6 billion increase in cash used for acquisitions of companies, net of cash acquired, and purchases of intangibles and other assets, offset in part by a $1.9 billion decrease in cash used for net investment purchases, sales, and maturities.
debt we issued debt to take advantage of favorable pricing and liquidity in the debt markets, reflecting our credit rating and the low interest rate environment. the proceeds of these issuances were or will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, funding for working capital, capital expenditures, repurchases of capital stock, acquisitions, and repayment of existing debt. refer to note 12 - debt of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
unearned revenue unearned revenue comprises mainly unearned revenue related to volume licensing programs and includes software assurance ("sa") and cloud services. unearned revenue is generally billed upfront at the beginning of each annual coverage period for multi-year agreements and recognized ratably over the coverage period. unearned revenue also includes payments for other offerings for which we have been paid in advance and earn the revenue when we transfer control of the product or service. refer to note 1 - accounting policies of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
the following table outlines the expected future recognition of unearned revenue as of june 30, 2018:
if our customers choose to license cloud-based versions of our products and services rather than licensing transaction-based products and services, the associated revenue will shift from being recognized at the time of the transaction to being recognized over the subscription period or upon consumption, as applicable.
share repurchases for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018, 2017, and 2016, we repurchased 99 million shares, 170 million shares, and 294 million shares of our common stock for $8.6 billion, $10.3 billion, and $14.8 billion, respectively, through our share repurchase programs. all repurchases were made using cash resources. refer to note 18 - stockholders' equity of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
dividends refer to note 18 - stockholders' equity of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
off-balance sheet arrangements we provide indemnifications of varying scope and size to certain customers against claims of intellectual property infringement made by third parties arising from the use of our products and certain other matters. additionally, we have agreed to cover damages resulting from breaches of certain security and privacy commitments in our cloud business. in evaluating estimated losses on these obligations, we consider factors such as the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and our ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. these obligations did not have a material impact in our consolidated financial statements during the periods presented.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes the payments due by fiscal year for our outstanding contractual obligations as of june 30, 2018:
operating leases, including imputed interest (c)              1,538          2,567          1,778            2,416           8,299
(a)   refer to note 12 - debt of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
(b)   refer to note 8 - property and equipment of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
(c)   refer to note 16 - leases of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
(d)   refer to note 13 - income taxes of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
(f)   we have excluded long-term tax contingencies, other tax liabilities, and deferred income taxes of $13.6 billion from the amounts presented as the timing of these obligations is uncertain. we have also excluded unearned revenue and non-cash items.
other planned uses of capital we will continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology, as well as continue making acquisitions that align with our business strategy. additions to property and equipment will continue, including new facilities, datacenters, and computer systems for research and development, sales and marketing, support, and administrative staff. we expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years to support growth in our cloud offerings. we have operating and finance leases for datacenters, corporate offices, research and development facilities, retail stores, and certain equipment. we have not engaged in any related party transactions or arrangements with unconsolidated entities or other persons that are reasonably likely to materially affect liquidity or the availability of capital resources.
liquidity as a result of the tcja, we are required to pay a one-time transition tax of $17.9 billion on deferred foreign income not previously subject to u.s. income tax. in fiscal year 2018, we paid transition tax of $228 million. under the tcja, the remaining transition tax of $17.6 billion is payable interest-free over eight years, with 8% due in each of the first five years, 15% in year six, 20% in year seven, and 25% in year eight.
we expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash flows from operations, and access to capital markets to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities, such as dividends, share repurchases, debt maturities, material capital expenditures, and the transition tax related to the tcja, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future.
recent accounting guidance refer to note 1 - accounting policies of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
application of critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with gaap. preparing consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. these estimates and assumptions are affected by management's application of accounting policies. critical accounting policies for us include revenue recognition, impairment of investment securities, goodwill, research and development costs, contingencies, income taxes, and inventories.
revenue recognition our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. when a cloud-based service includes both on-premises software licenses and cloud services, judgment is required to determine whether the software license is considered distinct and accounted for separately, or not distinct and accounted for together with the cloud service and recognized over time. certain cloud services, primarily office 365, depend on a significant level of integration, interdependency, and interrelation between the desktop applications and cloud services, and are accounted for together as one performance obligation. revenue from office 365 is recognized ratably over the period in which the cloud services are provided.
judgment is required to determine the stand-alone selling price ("ssp") for each distinct performance obligation. we use a single amount to estimate ssp for items that are not sold separately, including on-premises licenses sold with sa or software updates provided at no additional charge. we use a range of amounts to estimate ssp when we sell each of the products and services separately and need to determine whether there is a discount to be allocated based on the relative ssp of the various products and services.
in instances where ssp is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service separately, we determine the ssp using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. we typically have more than one ssp for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customers and circumstances. in these instances, we may use information such as the size of the customer and geographic region in determining the ssp.
due to the various benefits from and the nature of our sa program, judgment is required to assess the pattern of delivery, including the exercise pattern of certain benefits across our portfolio of customers.
our products are generally sold with a right of return, we may provide other credits or incentives, and in certain instances we estimate customer usage of our products and services, which are accounted for as variable consideration when determining the amount of revenue to recognize. returns and credits are estimated at contract inception and updated at the end of each reporting period if additional information becomes available. changes to our estimated variable consideration were not material for the periods presented.
the new standard related to revenue recognition had a material impact in our consolidated financial statements. refer to note 1 - accounting policies of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
impairment of investment securities we review investments quarterly for indicators of other-than-temporary impairment. this determination requires significant judgment. in making this judgment, we employ a systematic methodology quarterly that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in evaluating potential impairment of our investments. if the cost of an investment exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other factors, general market conditions, credit quality of debt instrument issuers, the duration and extent to which the fair value is less than cost, and for equity securities, our intent and ability to hold, or plans to sell, the investment. for fixed-income securities, we also evaluate whether we have plans to sell the security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery. we also consider specific adverse conditions related to the financial health of and business outlook for the investee, including industry and sector performance, changes in technology, and operational and financing cash flow factors. once a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded to other income (expense), net and a new cost basis in the investment is established. if market, industry, and/or investee conditions deteriorate, we may incur future impairments.
goodwill we allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the business combination. we evaluate our reporting units on an annual basis and, if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below an operating segment) on an annual basis (may 1 for us) and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit.
application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. the fair value of each reporting unit is estimated primarily through the use of a discounted cash flow methodology. this analysis requires significant judgments, including estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, estimation of the long-term rate of growth for our business, estimation of the useful life over which cash flows will occur, and determination of our weighted average cost of capital.
the estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions, and other factors. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and goodwill impairment for each reporting unit.
research and development costs costs incurred internally in researching and developing a computer software product are charged to expense until technological feasibility has been established for the product. once technological feasibility is established, all software costs are capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers. judgment is required in determining when technological feasibility of a product is established. we have determined that technological feasibility for our software products is reached after all high-risk development issues have been resolved through coding and testing. generally, this occurs shortly before the products are released to production. the amortization of these costs is included in cost of revenue over the estimated life of the products.
legal and other contingencies the outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty. an estimated loss from a loss contingency such as a legal proceeding or claim is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. in determining whether a loss should be accrued we evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. changes in these factors could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.
income taxes the objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year, and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in an entity's financial statements or tax returns. we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. accounting literature also provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, and income tax disclosures. judgment is required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns. variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.
the tcja significantly changes existing u.s. tax law and includes numerous provisions that affect our business. refer to note 13 - income taxes of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
inventories inventories are stated at average cost, subject to the lower of cost or net realizable value. cost includes materials, labor, and manufacturing overhead related to the purchase and production of inventories. net realizable value is the estimated selling price less estimated costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. we regularly review inventory quantities on hand, future purchase commitments with our suppliers, and the estimated utility of our inventory. these reviews include analysis of demand forecasts, product life cycle status, product development plans, current sales levels, pricing strategy, and component cost trends. if our review indicates a reduction in utility below carrying value, we reduce our inventory to a new cost basis through a charge to cost of revenue.
statement of management's responsibility for financial statements management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and related information that are presented in this report. the consolidated financial statements, which include amounts based on management's estimates and judgments, have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
the company designs and maintains accounting and internal control systems to provide reasonable assurance at reasonable cost that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that the financial records are reliable for preparing consolidated financial statements and maintaining accountability for assets. these systems are augmented by written policies, an organizational structure providing division of responsibilities, careful selection and training of qualified personnel, and a program of internal audits.
the company engaged deloitte & touche llp, an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit and render an opinion on the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states).
the board of directors, through its audit committee, consisting solely of independent directors of the company, meets periodically with management, internal auditors, and our independent registered public accounting firm to ensure that each is meeting its responsibilities and to discuss matters concerning internal controls and financial reporting. deloitte & touche llp and the internal auditors each have full and free access to the audit committee.
chief executive officer amy e. hood executive vice president and chief financial officer frank h. brod corporate vice president, finance and administration;
chief accounting officer