Political and economic uncertainty as well as disruptions in global credit and financial markets could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Continuing political and global macroeconomic uncertainty may lead consumers and businesses to postpone or reduce spending, which may cause our customers to cancel, decrease or delay their existing and future orders for our products. Financial difficulties experienced by our customers could result in nonpayment or payment delays for previously purchased products, thereby increasing our credit risk exposure. Uncertainty regarding macroeconomic conditions could cause the value of the currency in affected markets to deteriorate, thus reducing the purchasing power of those customers. Significant disruption to global credit and financial markets may also adversely affect our ability to access external financing sources on acceptable terms. We are exposed to business, economic, political, legal, regulatory, and other risks through our significant worldwide operations, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Risks associated with our international business operations include political, legal, and economic changes, crises or instability, compliance requirements, currency conversion risks, trade policy disputes, and natural disasters. A significant portion of our revenue is derived from customers in international markets, and we expect that international sales will continue to account for a significant portion of our revenue in the future. Our success in the Chinese markets may be adversely affected by China's continuously evolving policies, laws, and regulations, including those relating to antitrust, cybersecurity, and data protection. We monitor global macroeconomic conditions and continue to assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency, as well as a better alignment of expenses with revenues. We recorded special charges as a result of organizational initiatives to reposition our global workforce skill set to align with our long-term strategic plan. The repositioning actions are expected to result in net annualized cash savings. A prolonged disruption at, or inability to utilize, one or more of our manufacturing facilities, loss of raw materials, or damage to our manufacturing equipment for any reason may disrupt our operations, delay production, shipments, and revenue, and result in us being unable to timely satisfy customer demand. Our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness when due depends upon our future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles, and financial, business, and other factors affecting our consolidated operations. The semiconductor market has historically been cyclical and subject to significant economic upturns and downturns. Our future success depends upon our ability to execute our business strategy, continue to innovate, improve our existing products, design, develop, produce, and market new products, and identify and enter new markets. We may not be able to compete successfully in markets within the semiconductor industry in the future. Increased competition in certain markets has resulted in and may continue to result in declining average selling prices, reduced gross margins, and loss of market share. We rely on third parties for supply of raw materials and parts, and we generally cannot control their availability or conditions of supply or services. Any prolonged inability to utilize one of our manufacturing facilities, or those of our subcontractors or third-party wafer fabrication foundries, could result in a temporary or permanent loss of customers for affected products. Our operating results are dependent on the performance of independent distributors, and termination of a significant distributor could disrupt our current business. We are subject to environmental, health, and safety regulations, which could increase our expenses and affect our operating results.