Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. We operate our business around the world, including in numerous developing economies where companies and government officials are more likely to engage in business practices that are prohibited by domestic and foreign laws and regulations. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events, including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans and procedures may not be successful in preventing or mitigating the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. A disruption of our data centers could have a materially adverse effect on our business. We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and we are continuously in the process of reviewing, upgrading and enhancing certain of our policies and procedures. However, there can be no assurance that our employees, consultants or agents will not take actions in violation of our policies for which we may be ultimately responsible. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information and client funds, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Nonetheless, the global environment grows increasingly hostile as attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity and sophistication. We have programs and processes in place to prevent, detect and respond to data or cyber security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, we may be unable or fail to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate or timely preventive or responsive measures. We have a strong business model and operate in a growing global market. We continue to generate a high percentage of recurring revenues, healthy and improving margins, and consistent strong cash flows. We are reshaping the HCM industry with leading innovations and driving growth through our strategic cloud-based HCM solutions. Through our transformation initiatives, we remain on track to continue to deliver balanced revenue growth, profit growth and margin expansion, and ultimately drive long-term shareholder value. The efficiencies driving margin performance are the result of our continued successful execution of our broader transformation initiatives, including workforce optimization and improvements in our systems infrastructure spend and automation efforts. Our ability to grow and provide our clients with competitive services is partially dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly motivated people with the skills to serve our clients. We must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our development efforts before knowing to what extent our investments will result in products the market will accept. Our investment portfolio is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments and employing short-term financing arrangements to satisfy our short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. We believe we have significantly reduced the risk of not having sufficient funds to satisfy our client funds obligations by consistently maintaining access to other sources of liquidity.