AEP's business plan calls for extensive investment in capital improvements and additions, including the installation of environmental upgrades and retrofits, construction of additional transmission facilities, and modernizing existing infrastructure. AEP's experience with transmission facilities construction and operation gives AEP an advantage over other competitors in securing authorization to install, construct, and operate new transmission lines and facilities. However, there can be no assurance that PJM, SPP, ERCOT, or other RTOs will authorize new transmission projects or will award such projects to AEP. AEP is exposed to nuclear generation risk, including the potential harmful effects on the environment and human health due to adverse incidents resulting from the operation of nuclear facilities. Management has no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at the Cook plant, but if such an incident occurred, it could harm results of operations or financial condition. AEP's financial performance may be adversely affected if AEP is unable to successfully operate facilities or perform certain corporate functions. Performance is highly dependent on the successful operation of generation, transmission, and/or distribution facilities, which involves many risks, including operator error, breakdown or failure of equipment, compliance with mandatory reliability standards, and catastrophic events. AEP faces physical security and cybersecurity risks as the owner-operators of generation, transmission, and distribution facilities. AEP's operations are subject to the usual hazards associated with high-voltage electricity transmission, which can cause personal injury, severe damage to property, and environmental damage, potentially resulting in suspension of operations. AEP's ability to recover costs incurred in providing service on a timely basis could reduce future net income and cash flows and negatively impact financial condition. AEP's reliance on access to capital markets as a significant source of liquidity for capital requirements may be affected by volatility, increased interest rates, and reduced liquidity in financial markets. If AEP's ability to access capital becomes significantly constrained, AEP's interest costs will likely increase, which could reduce future net income and cash flows. AEP's business is capital intensive, and AEP is dependent upon the ability to access capital at rates and on terms management determines to be attractive. AEP's financial performance is tied to the health of the regional economies AEP serves, and climate change creates physical and financial risk, including increased energy use due to weather changes and extreme weather events. AEP may not recover all costs related to mitigating these physical and financial risks. AEP's results of operations and cash flows may be negatively affected by a lack of growth or slower growth in the number of customers or decline in customer demand. Failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce could harm results of operations, as challenges include loss of knowledge and increased costs associated with hiring and training replacement employees. AEP's operational flexibility and ability to adapt to changing market conditions are critical for maintaining performance under pressure and ensuring organizational resilience in the face of external disturbances and regulatory challenges.