The company faces a wide range of risks, and its continued success depends on its ability to identify, prioritize and appropriately manage enterprise risk exposures. The company's sales, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected if its sales networks deteriorate or if the company does not adequately provide support, training and education for its existing network of sales associates, brokers, other distribution partners and employees. The company competes with other insurers and financial institutions primarily on the basis of its products, compensation, support services and financial rating. The company's inability to attract and retain qualified sales associates, brokers and other distribution partners could have a material adverse effect on the company's sales, results of operations and financial condition. The company expects that it will need to continue making substantial investments in its technology and information systems to compete effectively and to stay current with technological changes. The company's future success will depend, in part, on its ability to keep pace with the technological changes and to use technology to satisfy and grow customer demand for the company's products and services and to create additional efficiencies in its operations. The company has a global crisis management framework to minimize the business disruption from a catastrophic event, but such framework may not be effective to avoid an adverse impact to the company from such an event. The company's operations may be adversely affected by catastrophic events to the extent they disrupt the company's physical infrastructure, human resources or systems that support its businesses and customers. The company is subject to the risk that the issuers and/or guarantors of fixed maturity securities and loan receivables may default on principal or interest. The company employs a team of credit analysts to monitor the creditworthiness of the issuers in its portfolio. The company has developed an enterprise-wide risk management and governance framework to mitigate risk and loss to the company. The company maintains policies, procedures and controls intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the risks to which the company is exposed. However, there are inherent limitations to risk management strategies because risk may exist, or emerge in the future, that the company has not appropriately anticipated or identified. The company cannot provide assurance that its risk management framework, including the underlying assumptions or strategies, will be accurate and effective. The company's management updates its evaluations regularly as conditions change and reflects impairment losses in the company's income statement when considered necessary. The company has made significant assumptions to determine the future estimated cash outflows related to the underlying policies and contracts. The company's claims experience is primarily related to the demographics of its policyholders. The company monitors these conditions closely and makes adjustments to the liability as actual experience emerges. The company expects its future cash flows from premiums and its investment portfolio to be sufficient to meet its cash needs for benefits and expenses. The company has undertaken various measures to mitigate the sensitivity of aflac japan's solvency margin ratio. The company continues to evaluate alternatives for reducing this sensitivity. The company has established an information security policy directing management to establish and operate a global information security program with the goals of monitoring existing and emerging threats and ensuring that the company's information assets and data, and the data of its customers, are appropriately protected from loss or theft. The global information security program also includes a cybersecurity incident response plan that is designed to provide a management framework across company functions for a coordinated assessment and response to potential security incidents.