Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We believe that the following information identifies the material factors affecting our company. However, the risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those described. Our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by market fluctuations and by economic, political, and other factors. Changes in consumer economic variables may substantially affect consumer loan levels and credit quality, impacting client activity in all of our businesses. Declines and volatility in U.S. and global market conditions have impacted our businesses in the past and may do so again. It is difficult to predict when, how long, and to what extent adverse conditions may exist, which markets, products, and businesses will be directly affected, and to what extent our clients may seek to bring claims arising out of investment performance affected by these conditions. As a result, these factors could materially adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Our revenues are largely dependent upon the level and mix of assets we have under management and administration, which are subject to fluctuations based on market conditions and client activity. Downturns and volatility in equity markets can have an adverse effect on the revenues and returns from our asset management services. Market downturns and volatility may cause potential new purchasers of our products to limit purchases or refrain from purchasing products. Uncertain economic conditions and heightened market volatility may increase the likelihood that clients or regulators present or threaten legal claims, which can have a material impact on our revenues, expenses, or statutory capital requirements. Changes in interest rates and prolonged periods of low interest rates may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We believe that investment performance is an important factor in the success of many of our businesses. Poor investment performance could impair our revenues and earnings, as well as our prospects for growth. Our clients can also reduce the aggregate amount of managed assets or shift their funds to other types of accounts for various reasons, including investment performance and changes in prevailing interest rates. A reduction in managed assets could have a material adverse effect on our business. We face intense competition in attracting and retaining key talent, and our continued success depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified people. The impairment or negative performance of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry. The operations of U.S. and global financial services institutions are interconnected, and a decline in the financial condition of one or more institutions may expose us to credit losses or defaults. Disruptions, uncertainty, or volatility in the capital and credit markets may limit our access to capital required to operate our business. We may be forced to delay raising capital or bear an unattractive cost of capital, which could decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial flexibility. Our operational systems and networks are subject to evolving cybersecurity risks, which could result in the disclosure of confidential client or employee information. We have developed, regularly test, and maintain a comprehensive business continuity plan and cybersecurity incident response manual. However, there are inherent limitations in such plans, and they might not operate as designed in the event of an actual crisis. We rely on third-party service providers for certain communications, technology, and business functions, and we face the risk of operational failure. Our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in identifying or mitigating risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk.