A significant decrease in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business and operating results, and we cannot control that demand. Factors that may affect such demand include increased mergers, consolidations or exits that reduce the number of wireless service providers or increased use of network sharing among governments or wireless service providers. The ability and willingness of wireless service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures on network infrastructure may also impact our performance. Our ongoing contractual revenues and future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. We are sensitive to adverse changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our tenants, as a substantial portion of our total operating revenues is derived from a small number of tenants. If any of these tenants are unwilling or unable to perform their obligations under their agreements with us, our revenues, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. Our business, and that of our tenants, is subject to laws, regulations and administrative and judicial decisions that could restrict our ability to operate as we currently do or impact our competitive landscape. Existing or new regulatory policies may materially and adversely affect the timing, cost or completion of our communications sites or result in changes in the competitive landscape that may negatively affect our business. Noncompliance could result in fines or decreased revenue. We may experience disputes with our tenants regarding the interpretation of terms in our leases, which could lead to a termination of our leases or a deterioration in our relationships with those tenants. Our business is subject to risks associated with natural disasters, security breaches and other unforeseen events for which our insurance may not provide adequate coverage. Climate change may also have direct or indirect effects on our business by increasing the cost of emission compliance or fuel needed to deliver primary power to our tenants. Our computer systems and network operation centers are subject to interruption or damage from various failures, including power outages and cyber-attacks. If our computer systems and backup systems are compromised, we could suffer interruptions in our operations, impacting our tenants' network availability and resulting in a loss of revenue. We rely on information technology and other computing resources, and any failure in these systems could have material adverse effects on our business. Our expansion and innovation initiatives involve risks and uncertainties, including those related to integrating acquired or leased assets, which could disrupt our operations or expose us to additional risk. Achieving the benefits of acquisition and innovation activities depends on timely and efficient integration of operations and personnel. If we fail to successfully integrate the assets we acquire or fail to utilize such assets to their full capacity, we may not realize the expected benefits, adversely affecting our business and financial condition. Our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities, and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. A failure by a significant tenant to perform its contractual obligations could adversely affect our cash flow and liquidity. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of tenants, and any financial difficulties experienced by these tenants could result in uncollectible accounts receivable and impairments of our assets.