Our operations are affected by various risks, many of which are beyond our control, and changes in global and regional economic conditions may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. Unfavorable conditions in the global economy or regional economies may decrease the demand for our goods and services and adversely impact our revenues, operating results, and cash flows. Weak economic conditions in certain geographies and changing supply and demand balances have negatively impacted demand for our products and services in the past and may do so in the future. Reduced demand could depress sales, constrain our operating flexibility, or reduce efficient utilization of our manufacturing capacity. Our extensive international operations can be adversely impacted by operational, economic, political, security, legal, and currency translation risks that could decrease profitability. Our growth strategies depend in part on our ability to further penetrate markets outside the United States and involve significantly larger and more complex projects, including those in regions where there is potential for significant economic and political disruptions. Successful operation of particular facilities or execution of projects may be disrupted by civil unrest, acts of sabotage, or terrorism, which may require us to incur greater costs for security or require us to shut down operations for a period of time. The occurrence of catastrophic events outside our control, including severe weather conditions, epidemics, or acts of war and terrorism, could cause serious business disruptions that affect our ability to produce and distribute products. New technologies create performance risks that could impact our financial results or reputation, and performance difficulties on larger projects may have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results. We are subject to extensive government regulation, and compliance with laws and regulations may involve significant costs or require changes in business practices that could result in reduced profitability. Our operations depend on the continued operation of our production facilities and our ability to meet customer requirements, which depend in part on our ability to properly maintain and replace aging assets. We continually assess the strategic fit of our existing businesses and may divest businesses that are deemed not to fit with our strategic plan or are not achieving the desired return on investment. The security of our information technology systems could be compromised, which could adversely affect our ability to operate. We depend on information technology to enable us to operate efficiently and interface with customers, and our information technology capabilities are delivered through a combination of internal and external services. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, or business disruptions. Our business involves the use, storage, and transmission of information about our employees, vendors, and customers, and the protection of such information is critical to us. We have established policies and procedures to help protect the security and privacy of this information. We also have developed technologies to help our facilities and our customers lower energy consumption, improve efficiency, and lower emissions. The potential demand for clean coal could increase demand for oxygen, one of our main products, and our proprietary technology for delivering low-cost oxygen.