We are materially dependent on acceptance of our products by law enforcement markets, both domestic and international. If law enforcement agencies do not continue to purchase and use our products, our revenues will be adversely affected. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products or new product features that achieve market acceptance in a timely and cost-effective manner. The development of new products and new product features is complex, time-consuming, and expensive, and we may experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. We may choose to carry a higher level of inventories to mitigate the risk of production delays, which may in turn expose us to an increased risk of obsolescence. Our reliance on third-party suppliers creates risks related to our potential inability to obtain an adequate supply of components or sub-assemblies and reduced control over pricing and timing of delivery of components and sub-assemblies. Delays caused by industry allocations or obsolescence may take weeks or months to resolve. Any interruption of supply for any material components of our products could significantly delay the shipment of our products and have a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability, and financial condition. We depend on our ability to attract and retain our key management, sales, and technical personnel. Our success depends upon the continued service of our key management personnel. The competition for our key employees is intense. The loss of the service of one or more of our key personnel could adversely impact our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. Our future success is dependent on our ability to expand sales through distributors and direct sales, and our inability to recruit new distributors or increase direct sales would negatively affect our sales. Our distribution strategy is to pursue sales through multiple channels with an emphasis on independent distributors and direct sales. Our inability to establish relationships with and retain law enforcement equipment distributors could adversely affect our sales. Our customers may have strong working relationships with distributors, and we may face resistance to changes in our sales strategy. We may incur substantial selling costs and expend significant effort in connection with the evaluation of our products by potential customers before they place an order. Our future success will depend on our ability to manage our growth and to increase manufacturing production capacity. Our primary strategies to accomplish this include introducing additional shifts, increasing the physical size of our assembly facilities, and the implementation of additional customized automation equipment. Our inability to meet any future increase in sales demand or effectively manage our expansion could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, financial results, and financial condition. A disruption or failure of our systems or operations in the event of a major earthquake, weather event, fire, explosion, cyber-attack, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other mission-critical functions. If our backup and mitigation plans are not sufficient to minimize business disruption, our financial results could be adversely affected. Our operations team has some flexibility to adapt to the changing situation; however, if the situation further deteriorates, these impacts could affect our full-year guidance. We devote significant resources to engineer secure products and ensure security vulnerabilities are mitigated, and we require our third-party service providers to do so as well. Despite these efforts, security measures may be breached, resulting in unauthorized access to our data or our customers' data. A security breach could expose us to a risk of loss or inappropriate use of proprietary and sensitive data, disrupt our business, damage our reputation, and negatively impact our future sales.