Difficult conditions in the business and economic environment, as well as political conditions in the United States and elsewhere, may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our results of operations are materially affected by economic, market, political, and social conditions in the United States and abroad. The consequences of negative circumstances impacting us or the environment generally can be sudden and severe. Our business is subject to the effects of geopolitical events, weather, natural disasters, and other conditions. Geopolitical events, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, severe weather conditions, floods, health pandemics, information or cyber security incidents, and other catastrophic events can have a material adverse effect on our business. Climate change may exacerbate certain of these threats, including the frequency and severity of weather-related events. We face intense competition for partner relationships, which could result in a loss or renegotiation of these arrangements that could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Our success is, in many ways, dependent on the success of our business partners. We are exposed to risks associated with our business partners, including reputational issues, business slowdowns, bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings, and consolidations. Our ability to manage risks in some cases depends upon the use of analytical and/or forecasting models. We have developed systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing information and cyber security incidents and fraudulent activity, which require significant investment, maintenance, and ongoing monitoring. Despite our efforts, the possibility of information and cyber security incidents cannot be eliminated entirely and will evolve as new and emerging technology is deployed. We rely on third-party service providers, cobrand partners, merchants, customer acquisition channels, processors, aggregators, network partners, and other third parties for services that are integral to our operations. The management and oversight of multiple vendors increase our operational complexity and governance challenges and decrease our control. We are also exposed to risk from bankruptcies, liquidations, insolvencies, financial distress, restructurings, consolidations, and other similar events that may occur in any industry representing a significant portion of our billed business. We regularly seek to extend or renew cobrand arrangements in advance of the end of the contract term and face the risk that existing relationships will be renegotiated with less favorable terms for us. Our ability to effectively manage individual or institutional credit risk, or credit trends that can affect spending on card products and the ability of customers and partners to pay us, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We have established policies and procedures intended to identify, monitor, and manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, operational risk, compliance risk, and reputational risk. Our comprehensive enterprise-wide risk management program defines our risk appetite, governance, culture, and capabilities. We consider operational risk to be the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes or information systems, poor data quality, human error, or the external environment. The operational risk management framework requires the assessment of operational risk events to determine root causes, impact to customers, and resolution plan accountability to correct any defect. We view protecting our reputation for excellent customer service, trust, security, and high integrity as core to our vision of providing the world's best customer experience and fundamental to our long-term success.