Our business is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, and stock price. Demand for our products may be affected by factors we cannot control, including economic conditions, which may impact our customers' ability to obtain credit and their discretionary spending. We believe that we compete effectively on the basis of customer service, merchandise quality, selection, availability, and the strength of our brand name, but we face competitive pressures from various national, regional, and local auto parts chains, as well as online retailers. Our ability to grow depends in part on new location openings, existing location remodels, and effective utilization of our supply chain and hub network. We have made significant investments in our supply chain to improve our ability to provide the best parts at the right price and to meet consumer product needs. If we fail to effectively utilize our existing hubs and supply chains, we could experience sub-optimal inventory levels or increases in operating costs, adversely affecting our sales volume and margins. Our workforce costs represent our largest operating expense, and our business is subject to employment laws and regulations, which could result in increased labor costs and negatively impact our operating results if we are unable to hire, train, and retain qualified employees. We rely heavily on our information technology systems for key business processes, and any failure or interruption in these systems could have a material adverse impact on our business. We consider information security to be a top priority and undertake cyber-security planning and activities throughout the company, but we may not discover a security breach or loss of information for a significant period after it occurs. Our business is impacted by various macroeconomic factors, including fuel costs, wage rates, and other economic conditions, which we cannot predict. We have experienced accelerated pressure on wages, driven by market pressures and regulatory changes, which could impact our earnings growth. Our sales mix can be impacted by severe or unusual weather, and we believe that as the number of miles driven increases, consumers' vehicles are more likely to need service and maintenance, resulting in an increase in demand for automotive parts. We must regularly assess and adjust our efforts to address changes in the competitive marketplace, including the maintenance of effective promotions and advertising. Our success in international operations is dependent on our ability to manage the unique challenges presented by international markets, which include compliance with local laws and customs, political and socio-economic conditions, and potential adverse tax consequences. We have invested in information-technology risk management and disaster recovery plans, and while these plans are in place, we must provide ongoing monitoring and consistently revise our plans as technologies change rapidly. Our ability to grow and succeed will depend on our capacity to adapt to changing market conditions and consumer needs, as well as our ability to manage risks associated with our supply chain, workforce, and operational systems.