We may encounter difficulties integrating ours and Celgene's businesses and operations and, therefore, may not fully realize the projected benefits from our acquisition of Celgene, and our significant additional indebtedness that we incurred and our issuance of additional shares in connection with the acquisition could have negative consequences. The ultimate success of our acquisition of Celgene and our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from the acquisition, including the expected cost savings and avoidance from synergies, innovation opportunities and operational efficiencies, depends on, among other things, how effective we are in integrating the Bristol-Myers Squibb and Celgene operations, products and employees. This integration is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. If any difficulties in the integration of our operations were to occur, they could adversely affect our business, including, among other ways, causing a failure to meet demand for our products, or adversely affect our ability to meet our financial reporting obligations. The attention of certain members of our management and our resources will be at times focused on the integration of the businesses of the two companies and diverted from day-to-day business operations, which may disrupt our ongoing business. Events outside our control, including changes in regulation and laws as well as economic trends, also could adversely affect our ability to realize the expected benefits from this acquisition. We are focusing our efforts and resources in disease areas of high unmet need. We have, however, experienced setbacks and may continue to do so as there are further developments in our clinical studies. The integration process may also result in significant expenses and charges, both cash and noncash. The integration efforts across general and administrative, manufacturing, R&D, procurement and streamlining the company's pricing and information technology infrastructure are expected to realize $2.5 billion of synergies resulting from cost savings and avoidance through 2022. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients in a focused set of disease areas. If we are unable to support and grow our marketed products, successfully execute the launches of newly approved products, advance our late-stage pipeline, manage change from our operating model evolution and manage our costs effectively, our operating results and financial condition could be negatively impacted. We believe that our differentiated internal and external focus contributes to the advancing of our pipeline of potentially transformational medicines. Our operating model continues to evolve and we have been successful in focusing commercial, R&D and manufacturing resources on prioritized brands and markets, strengthening our R&D capabilities in tumor biology, patient selection and new biomarkers, delivering leaner administrative functions and streamlining our manufacturing network to reflect the importance of biologics in our current and future portfolio. We will continue to implement our biopharma strategy by driving the growth of prioritized brands, executing product launches, investing in our diverse and innovative pipeline, aided by strategic business development, focusing on prioritized markets, increasing investments in our biologics manufacturing capabilities and maintaining a culture of continuous improvement. The failure to execute our business strategy could adversely impact our growth and profitability. Our success is largely dependent on our continued ability to attract and retain highly qualified scientific, technical and management workforce, including people with expertise in clinical R&D, governmental regulation and commercialization, and in connection with our Celgene acquisition, integrate two unique corporate cultures and maintain employee morale. The failure of any critical third party to meet its obligations, including for future royalty and milestone payments; adequately deploy business continuity plans in the event of a crisis; and/or satisfactorily resolve significant disagreements with us or address other factors, could have a material adverse impact on our operations and results.