Difficult market and geopolitical conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, reducing the value or performance of the investments made by our funds, and making it more difficult to fund opportunities for our funds to exist and realize value from existing investments. In the face of a difficult market or economic environment, we may need to reduce our fixed costs and other expenses to maintain profitability, including by cutting back or eliminating the use of certain services or service providers, or terminating the employment of a significant number of our personnel, which could adversely affect our operating results. Turmoil in the global financial markets can provoke significant volatility of equity and debt securities prices, which can have a material and rapid impact on our mark-to-market valuations. Geopolitical concerns and other global events, including trade conflict and pandemics, have contributed to volatility in global equity and debt markets, which may continue to affect our business. The outbreak of the novel coronavirus has adversely impacted global commercial activity and has created disruption in global supply chains, potentially triggering a period of global economic slowdown. A period of economic slowdown could contribute to adverse operating performance for certain of our funds' investments, which would adversely affect our operating results and cash flows. Our ability to raise new funds, as well as our operating results and cash flows, could be adversely affected by the concentration of investments in certain sectors or regions during periods of economic weakness. During periods of weakness, our funds' portfolio companies may have difficulty expanding their businesses and operations or meeting their debt service obligations. Negative market conditions could potentially result in a portfolio company entering bankruptcy proceedings, which would negatively impact our investment fund's performance. We depend on our founder and other key senior managing directors, and the loss of their services would have a material adverse effect on our business. Our success will depend on the continued service of these individuals, and their departure could harm our ability to maintain or grow assets under management. We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation, and alignment of interests with investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise and maintain this culture, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. The asset management business is intensely competitive, and competition will continue to increase, which may adversely affect our ability to make successful investments and limit our ability to raise future investment funds. We may face difficulties in identifying and executing attractive investment opportunities, especially during periods of economic uncertainty. Our organizational structure allows us to expand into new investment strategies and geographic markets, which may result in additional risks and uncertainties. If we are unable to consummate or successfully integrate additional development opportunities, acquisitions, or joint ventures, we may not be able to implement our growth strategy successfully. Our growth strategy is based, in part, on the selective development or acquisition of asset management businesses or other businesses complementary to our business. The success of this strategy will depend on the availability of suitable opportunities, the level of competition, and our ability to identify and enter into mutually beneficial relationships with venture partners.