Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described in the sections below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. The ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from a challenging situation is critical. Uncertainty about future political and economic conditions, adverse changes to international trade relationships, or future declines in corporate or consumer spending could negatively impact our customers' businesses, reducing the number of new chip designs and their overall research and development spending. Our future business and financial results are subject to considerable uncertainty that could impact our stock price. The industries in which we compete experience rapid technology developments, rapid changes in industry standards and customer requirements, and frequent introductions and improvements of new products. If we are unable to respond quickly and successfully to these trends, we may lose our competitive position, and our products or technologies may become obsolete. Our strategy is meant to increase our business among electronic systems companies, which are now designing their own integrated circuits and other electronic subsystems. Our strategy also involves addressing the needs of new categories of electronic systems, including hyperscale computing and infrastructure, edge computing, machine learning, 5G networks, augmented reality, virtual reality, IoT, aerospace and defense, and autonomous vehicle subsystems, where increased investment is expected by our customers. Our operating results for any period are affected by the mix of products and services sold in a given period and the timing of revenue recognition. We have recorded net losses in the past and may record net losses in the future. Our cash flows from operating activities have and will continue to fluctuate due to a number of factors, including the timing of our billings, collections, disbursements, and tax payments. Our operating results could be adversely affected by an increase in our effective tax rate as a result of U.S. and foreign tax law changes. The competition in our industries is substantial, and we may not be able to continue to compete successfully in our industries. We depend upon our management team and key employees, and our failure to attract, train, motivate, and retain management and key employees may make us less competitive and therefore harm our results of operations. Our business depends upon the continued services, efforts, and abilities of our senior management and other key employees. We may also experience increased compensation costs that are not offset by either improved productivity or higher sales. Our ability to do so also depends on how well we maintain a strong workplace culture that is attractive to employees. Our operations are dependent upon the connectivity of our operations throughout the world. Activities that interfere with our international connectivity or operations, such as cyber hacking, the introduction of a virus into our computer systems, natural disasters, public health emergencies, civil unrest, or terrorism, could significantly interfere with our business operations. Our future revenue is dependent in part upon our installed customer base continuing to license or buy products and purchase services. If we are unable to develop or acquire the application-specific technologies and expertise necessary to address the requirements of these categories, it could impede our ability to expand our business in these categories and ultimately affect our future growth.