We operate in a very competitive business environment, which affects our ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. Our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to new technologies and changes in consumer expectations and behavior could significantly adversely affect our competitive position. We may encounter unforeseen difficulties as we increase the scale of our service offerings to businesses. If our efforts to build the infrastructure to scale the commercial business are not successful, the growth of our commercial services business would be limited. We depend on interconnection and related services provided by certain third parties for the growth of our commercial business. Consequently, our ability to implement changes as the services grow may be limited. Competition continues to increase, as more companies deploy more fiber to more buildings, which may negatively impact our growth and/or put pressure on margins. We expect advances in communications technology, as well as changes in the marketplace and the regulatory and legislative environment. Consequently, we are unable to predict the effect that ongoing or future developments in these areas might have on our commercial businesses and operations. Our inability to respond to technological developments and meet customer demand for new products and services could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. We operate in a highly competitive, consumer-driven, and rapidly changing environment. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade, and exploit new and existing technologies to address consumers' changing demands and distinguish our services from those of our competitors. Our inability to maintain and expand our upgraded systems and provide advanced services in a timely manner could materially adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. Various events could disrupt or result in unauthorized access to our networks, information systems, or properties and could impair our operating activities and negatively impact our reputation and financial results. Network and information systems technologies are critical to our operating activities. Our system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Any of these events, if directed at, or experienced by, us or technologies upon which we depend, could have adverse consequences on our network, our customers, and our business, including degradation of service and service disruption. Our operating activities could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification, or accidental release or loss of information maintained in our information technology systems and networks. We are exposed to risks associated with the economic conditions of our current and potential customers, vendors, and third parties. If there were a general economic downturn, we may experience increased cancellations or non-payment by our customers or unfavorable changes in the mix of products purchased. Weak economic conditions may also have a negative impact on our advertising revenue. We are susceptible to risks associated with the potential financial instability of the vendors and third parties on which we rely to provide products and services or to which we outsource certain functions. Any interruption in the services provided by our vendors or by third parties could adversely affect our cash flow, results of operation, and financial condition. Our operational results have depended, and our future results will depend, upon the retention and continued performance of our management team. The loss of the services of key members of management and the inability or delay in hiring new key employees could adversely affect our ability to manage our business and our future operational and financial results.