In addition to the risks described elsewhere in this report, we face risks associated with significant international operations, including exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, political or economic instability, geopolitical events, environmental events, widespread health emergencies, and natural disasters. Geographic diversity helps to reduce our exposure to risks in any one country or part of the world, but it also means that we face risks associated with significant international operations. The impact of the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union has created legal, political, and economic uncertainty, which could subject us to heightened risks in the region, including disruptions to trade and the free movement of goods, services, and people. We engage in a combination of selling price increases, sourcing strategies, cost-containment measures, and selective hedging of foreign currency transactions to minimize the impact on earnings of foreign currency rate movements. Our ability to compete depends on the strength of our brands and our ability to enforce and defend our intellectual property. We face vigorous competition worldwide, including from strong local competitors and other large multinational companies, which may have greater resources than we do. Our business is subject to extensive legal and regulatory requirements, and new or more stringent legal or regulatory requirements could adversely impact our business. The growth of our business depends on the successful identification, development, and launch of innovative new products. Our ability to quickly innovate and adapt our products to meet evolving consumer preferences is essential to our business strategy. We continue to develop initiatives to build strong relationships with consumers and retail partners, and we are also changing the way we work to drive growth and respond to the dynamic retail landscape. Our operations and those of our suppliers could be disrupted by various factors, including environmental events, health emergencies, strikes, disruptions in logistics, and loss of key suppliers. We have business continuity and contingency plans in place for key manufacturing sites and the supply of raw and packaging materials. A significant disruption to the manufacturing or sourcing of products could interrupt product supply and adversely impact our business. We rely extensively on information technology systems to conduct our business, and cyber-security incidents or failures of key IT systems could adversely impact our operations. We have disaster recovery and business continuity plans in place, but if our IT systems are damaged or breached, we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage or conduct business. Uncertain global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, and unfavorable economic conditions may result in declining revenues and profitability. Our success depends upon our ability to attract and retain key employees, and successfully executing organizational change is critical to our business success. We have pursued and may continue to pursue acquisitions and divestitures, which could adversely impact our business if we are unable to realize the expected benefits. The company's global growth and efficiency program was designed to ensure sustained solid worldwide growth and enhance our global leadership positions, producing significant benefits in our long-term business performance.