Our business is subject to the impact of global market, economic and political conditions that are beyond our control and that could significantly impact our business and make our financial results more volatile. Historically, periods of heightened uncertainty have tended to increase our trading volume due to increased hedging activity and the increased need to manage the risks associated with, or speculate on, volatility. However, as evidenced by our past performance, in the period after a material market disturbance, there may persist extreme uncertainties, which may lead to decreased volume due to factors such as reduced risk exposure and lower interest rates. The shifts in market trading patterns we experienced as a result of the financial crisis of 2008 may or may not recur in the future, and our business will be affected by future economic uncertainties, which may result in decreased trading volume and a more difficult business environment for us. We operate in a heavily regulated environment that imposes significant costs and competitive burdens on our business, and our failure to maintain compliance with regulations could result in the loss of customers. Our strategic business plan is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement business for our futures and options business. We face intense competition from other companies, and if we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially harmed. The success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and increase our trading volume in our markets. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk than other public companies for a cyber attack and other cyber security risks. We regard the secure storage and transmission of confidential information and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. We have designed our cyber defense program to mitigate such attacks by preventative, detective, and responsive measures. However, our security measures may also be breached due to employee error, malfeasance, system errors or vulnerabilities. Any such breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in the services we provide that could potentially have an adverse effect on our business. We maintain compliance policies, procedures and programs which are designed to deter, detect, prevent, monitor and manage our risks, but such policies, procedures and programs may not be fully effective. The management of operational, financial, legal and compliance, regulatory, reputational and strategic risk requires, among other things, policies and procedures to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events. We cannot assure you that our policies and procedures will always be effective or that we will always be successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed. Our business exposes us to substantial credit risk of our clearing firms and other counterparties, and a decrease in their financial resources could adversely affect us. Our clearing house operations expose us to counterparties with differing risk profiles, and we routinely guarantee transactions submitted by our clearing firm customers. We have established a fund to provide payments to qualified family farmers, ranchers and other agricultural industry participants who use our products and who suffer losses to their segregated account balances if their derivatives clearing firm member becomes insolvent. The expansion of our global operations is complex and subjects us to increased business and economic risks that could adversely affect our financial results. If we are unable to manage the complexity of our global operations successfully, or if the risks become substantial for us, our financial performance and operating results could suffer.