Our business is dependent on frequent and consistent deliveries of ingredients that comply with our food with integrity specifications. We have disaster recovery procedures and business continuity plans in place to address most events of a crisis nature, including hurricanes and other natural disasters, and back up and off-site locations for recovery of electronic and other forms of data and information. However, if we are unable to fully implement our disaster recovery plans, we may experience delays in recovery of data, inability to perform vital corporate functions, tardiness in required reporting and compliance, failures to adequately support field operations and other breakdowns in normal communication and operating procedures that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operation and exposure to administrative and other legal claims. The occurrence of food-borne illnesses or food safety issues could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients, resulting in higher costs and lower margins. We rely heavily on information technology systems, including the point-of-sale and payment processing system in our restaurants, technologies supporting our digital and delivery businesses, and management of our supply chain. Our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the procurement, production, distribution and sale of our products depends significantly on the availability, reliability, security and capacity of these systems. Despite the implementation of protective measures, these technology systems could become vulnerable to damage, disability or failures due to theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or other catastrophic events. We continuously monitor and develop our information technology networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, malware and other events that could have a security impact; however, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. Our increasing reliance on systems operated by third parties, including delivery aggregators and payment processors, also presents risks, including operational, security and credit risks of those parties. If those systems were to become unreliable, unavailable, compromised or otherwise fail, and we were unable to recover in a timely manner, we could experience an interruption in our operations that could have a material adverse impact on our profitability. We have experienced increased pressure to make commitments relating to social and environmental sustainability, set science-based targets related to climate change and establish specific strategic initiatives relating to sustainability. If we are not effective in addressing social and environmental sustainability matters, or set and meet achievable sustainability goals, consumer trust in our brand may suffer. Our ability to respond to minimum wage increases by increasing menu prices depends on the willingness of our guests to pay the higher prices and our perceived value relative to competitors. Our growth strategy depends on our ability to continue to open new restaurants and operate them profitably. If we are unable to build the customer base that we expect or overcome the initial higher fixed costs associated with new restaurants, our new restaurants may not be as profitable as our existing restaurants. Our failure to effectively manage our growth could harm our business and operating results. The increasing impact of and focus on sustainability and climate change could increase our costs, harm our reputation and adversely affect our financial results. We have disaster recovery procedures and business continuity plans in place to address most events of a crisis nature, including hurricanes and other natural disasters, and back up and off-site locations for recovery of electronic and other forms of data and information. However, if we are unable to fully implement our disaster recovery plans, we may experience delays in recovery of data, inability to perform vital corporate functions, tardiness in required reporting and compliance, failures to adequately support field operations and other breakdowns in normal communication and operating procedures that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operation and exposure to administrative and other legal claims.