This section highlights significant factors, events, and uncertainties that make an investment in our securities risky. The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, reputation, prospects, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, liquidity, and stock price. Our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. The global economic and political climate amplifies many of these risks. A prolonged period of economic volatility, slow growth, or a significant deterioration in economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations as customers default on their loans, maintain lower deposit levels, or reduce credit card purchase activity. We face risks resulting from the extensive use of models and data, and our ability to manage data and aggregate data in an accurate and timely manner is critical. Our risk reporting and management depend on the effectiveness of our models and our policies, programs, processes, and practices governing how data is acquired, validated, stored, protected, processed, and analyzed. Failure to manage data effectively may limit our ability to manage current and emerging risk and produce accurate financial, regulatory, and operational reporting. We also face risks related to our operational, technological, and organizational infrastructure. Our ability to retain and attract customers depends on our ability to develop, operate, and adapt our technology and organizational infrastructure in a rapidly changing environment. We are heavily dependent on the security, capability, and continuous availability of the technology systems that we use to manage our internal financial and other systems, monitor risk and compliance with regulatory requirements, provide services to our customers, develop and offer new products, and communicate with stakeholders. Disruptions to our operating systems arising from events that are beyond our control may adversely affect our business and reputation. We must successfully develop and maintain information, financial reporting, disclosure, data-protection, and other controls adapted to our reliance on outside platforms and providers. Our ongoing investments in infrastructure, which are necessary to maintain a competitive business, may increase our expenses. Increased costs, reductions in revenue, reputational damage, and business disruptions can result from the theft, loss, or misuse of information. Our ability to provide products and services depends upon the management and safeguarding of information, software, methodologies, and business secrets. We also face risks from unpredictable catastrophic events, including natural disasters and other catastrophic events that could harm our business and infrastructure. Our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business and the communities where we are located. Despite the business contingency plans we have in place, such plans do not fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks. Our risk management framework sets consistent expectations for risk management across the company and establishes expectations for our "three lines of defense" model. Each line of business is responsible for managing the risks associated with their activities, including identifying, assessing, measuring, monitoring, controlling, and reporting the risks within its business activities.