Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider not to be material. The anticipated ongoing strategic and financial benefits of our relationship with Walgreens Boots Alliance may not be realized, and achieving the anticipated benefits from the arrangement on an ongoing basis is subject to a number of significant challenges and uncertainties. If the operations of Walgreens Boots Alliance are seriously disrupted for any reason, it could adversely affect our business and our sales and profitability. We are subject to the risk of changes in various federal and state laws, which include operating and security standards that may require changes to our business, some of which may be significant. The healthcare industry in the United States is highly regulated, and increasing governmental efforts to regulate the pharmaceutical supply channel may increase our costs and reduce our profitability. Our results of operations could be adversely impacted by manufacturer pricing changes, and if manufacturers change their pricing policies or practices, our results of operations could be adversely affected. We expect that the FDA will continue to issue draft and final guidance and to promulgate regulations in its efforts to implement the requirements in the Drug Quality and Security Act, which may require changes to our business. We are deeply committed to diversion control efforts and have sophisticated systems in place to identify orders placed warranting further review. However, compliance with various laws and regulations could result in suspension or delays in our production and distribution activities, which may increase our costs and could adversely affect our results of operations. Our businesses also sell specialty and other drugs to various healthcare providers, and we may face increased scrutiny and litigation related to the misuse of prescription medications. The production, labeling, and packaging of compounded sterile preparations is inherently risky, and any failures or errors could lead to significant liabilities and reputational harm. We continue to incur remediation costs in connection with our compounding operations, and the suspension of production activities at our compounding facility has adversely impacted our results of operations. We are subject to extensive and frequently changing federal and state laws and regulations relating to healthcare fraud and abuse, and failure to comply could lead to civil and criminal penalties. Our operations depend on economic conditions in the United States and other countries, and deterioration in general economic conditions could adversely affect our revenue growth and profitability. We regularly evaluate our portfolio to determine whether an asset or business may no longer help us meet our objectives, and we may encounter difficulty finding buyers or alternative exit strategies. The occurrence of unexpected events, including natural disasters, could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. We believe that our historical tax positions are consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and existing precedent, but changes in tax laws or legislative initiatives could adversely affect our tax positions. We continue to make substantial investments in data centers and information systems, and any failure, interruption, or breach of our operational or information security systems could disrupt our business and result in increased costs. Our results of operations may suffer upon the bankruptcy, insolvency, or other credit failure of a significant supplier or customer. We are committed to maintaining operational continuity and adapting to changing market conditions to ensure organizational resilience.