The risks described could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, particularly due to our dependence on the financial performance of our U.S. and Canadian operations. Any substantial slowing or sustained decline in these operations could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. We may be unsuccessful in implementing our growth strategy, including expanding our business in existing markets and new markets, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Disruptions in our merchandise distribution or processing, packaging, manufacturing, and other facilities could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction. We rely extensively on information technology to process transactions, compile results, and manage our business, and any failure or disruption of our primary and backup systems could adversely affect our business. We are currently making and will continue to make investments to improve or advance critical information systems and processing capabilities. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken, although we believe that our change management process should mitigate this risk. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. Our ability to control labor and benefit costs is subject to numerous internal and external factors, including regulatory changes, prevailing wage rates, and healthcare and other insurance costs. We are subject to payment-related risks, and any breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and potentially have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Natural disasters or other catastrophes could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, including physical damage to our properties and disruptions in the supply of products. Factors associated with climate change could adversely affect our business, including increased compliance and merchandise costs. We face strong competition from other retailers and warehouse club operators, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. General economic factors, domestically and internationally, may adversely affect our business, including higher energy and gasoline costs, inflation, and changes in consumer confidence. Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs, and modest changes in various items can have substantial impacts on net income. We believe that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. We opened 25 new warehouses in 2019 and plan to open approximately 22 additional new warehouses in 2020, which reflects our commitment to expanding our operational capabilities. Our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition, which could negatively impact gross margin as a percentage of net sales. The membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability, as the extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base materially influences our profitability. Our ability to attract, train, and retain highly qualified employees is critical to our business success, and failure to do so could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. We are involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits, and some of these outcomes could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.