Our business is a critical enabler for the global re-use and recycling of vehicles, parts, and raw materials. We believe we contribute to disaster recovery and resilience in the communities we serve. For example, we mobilized our people, entered into emergency leases, and engaged with a multitude of service providers to timely retrieve, store, and remarket tens of thousands of flood-damaged vehicles in the Houston, Texas metropolitan area in the wake of Hurricane Harvey in the summer of 2017. As we continue to expand our business internationally, we will need to develop policies and procedures to manage our business on a global scale. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and have an adverse effect on our operating results. We face risks associated with the implementation of our salvage auction model in markets that may not operate on the same terms as the U.S. market. Our operations and acquisitions in certain foreign areas expose us to regulatory, economic, and reputational risks. We have implemented policies, procedures, and training designed to ensure compliance with anti-bribery laws, trade controls, and economic sanctions, and similar regulations. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential, proprietary, and other information in our computer systems and networks. Information technology system disruptions, cyber-attacks, or other cybersecurity incidents could materially and adversely affect our reputation, operating results, or financial condition. We are constantly evaluating and implementing new technologies and processes to manage risks relating to cyber-attacks and system and network disruptions. We have further enhanced our security protocols based on the investigation we conducted in response to the security incident. Our business activities expose us to political, regulatory, economic, and reputational risks. Our ability to manage growth depends not only on our ability to successfully integrate new facilities but also on our ability to hire, train, and manage additional qualified personnel. Our future success depends in large part upon the leadership and performance of our executive management team. Our ability to manage growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. We have developed a proprietary enterprise operating system to address our international expansion needs. The ongoing design, development, and implementation of our enterprise operating systems carry certain risks, including the risk of significant design or deployment errors causing disruptions, delays, or deficiencies. We cannot provide any assurance that we will achieve our business and financial objectives in connection with these acquisitions or our strategic decision to expand our operations internationally. We seek to increase our sales and profitability through the acquisition of additional facilities and the development of new facilities. Our expansion into markets outside the U.S. exposes us to risks arising from operating in international markets. Our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our international operations. We cannot predict whether markets will readily adapt to our strategy of online auctions of automobiles sourced principally through vehicle insurers. Our operations are subject to federal, state, national, international, provincial, and local laws and regulations regarding the protection of the environment in the countries in which we have storage facilities. Environmental laws and regulations could become more stringent over time. We believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with applicable regulatory requirements.