The statements in this section describe the most significant risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, and consolidated results of operation and the trading price of our debt or equity securities. Unexpected events, including fires or explosions at facilities, severe weather conditions, natural disasters such as hurricanes and tornadoes, war or terrorist activities, unplanned outages, supply disruptions, failure of equipment or systems, or changes in laws and/or regulations impacting our businesses, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. These events could result in customer disruption, physical damage to one or more key operating facilities, the temporary closure of one or more key operating facilities, or the temporary disruption of information systems. We have an active disaster recovery plan in place that is frequently reviewed and tested. However, our computer systems are subject to damage or interruption due to system conversions, power outages, computer or telecommunication failures, catastrophic events, and usage errors by our employees. Although we believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology and our operations from these information technology-related and other potential disruptions, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature, and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, and interruptions in our ability to provide products and services to our customers. The failure to preserve positive labor relationships with our employees could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. While we believe that our employee relations are good, we have been and could continue to be the target of a unionization campaign by several unions. These unions have attempted to pressure us into surrendering our employees' rights to a government-supervised election by unilaterally accepting union representation. Unionization campaigns could be materially disruptive to our business and could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers. Global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in our financial performance. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards and to access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located and goods sourced outside the United States. Political and economic stability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial stability of suppliers, and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control. Our ability to effectively identify and manage these items may adversely affect our expansion efforts and, consequently, adversely affect our financial performance. The risks and uncertainties described herein are not the only ones we may face. Additional risks and uncertainties presently not known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also harm our business. Negative global economic factors may adversely affect our financial performance. Negative economic conditions in North America and our other markets may adversely affect our financial performance. Higher levels of unemployment, inflation, tax rates, and other changes in tax laws and other economic factors could adversely affect the demand for our products and services. Increases in labor costs, including the cost to provide employee-partner related healthcare benefits, minimum wages, labor shortages, and higher material costs could increase our costs of rental uniforms and facility services, cost of other services, and selling and administrative expenses. These factors could adversely affect our sales and consolidated results of operations.