You should carefully consider each of the following risks and uncertainties and all of the other information set forth in this form 10-K. These risks and uncertainties and other factors may affect forward-looking statements, including those we make in this form 10-K or elsewhere. The competitive success of our pharmacy services segment is dependent on our ability to establish and maintain contractual relationships with network pharmacies as PBM clients evaluate adopting narrow or restricted retail pharmacy networks. The PBM industry has been experiencing price compression as a result of competitive pressures and increased client demands for lower prices. Marketplace dynamics and regulatory changes also have adversely affected our ability to offer plan sponsors pricing that includes the use of retail "differential" or "spread," which could adversely affect our future profitability, and we expect these trends to continue. Our retail pharmacy, specialty pharmacy, and LTC pharmacy operations have been affected by reimbursement pressure caused by competition, including client demands for lower prices. If we are unable to increase our prices to reflect, or otherwise mitigate the impact of, increasing costs, our profitability will be adversely affected. We are under pressure to contain price increases despite being faced with increasing drug costs and increasing operating costs. The operating results and margins of our LTC business are further affected by the increased efforts of healthcare payors to negotiate reduced or capitated pricing arrangements. Our health care benefits segment is seeking to substantially grow our Medicaid, dual eligible, and dual eligible special needs plan membership over the next several years. Winning bids often are challenged successfully by unsuccessful bidders. One of the key factors on which we compete for customers, especially in uncertain economic environments, is overall cost. We are therefore under pressure to contain premium price increases despite being faced with increasing healthcare and other benefit costs. If we are unable to increase our prices to reflect, or otherwise mitigate the impact of, increasing costs, our profitability will be adversely affected. In response to rising prices, our customers may elect to self-insure or to reduce benefits in order to limit increases in their benefit costs. Alternatively, our customers may purchase different types of products from us that are less profitable. Such elections may result in reduced membership in our more profitable insured products and/or lower premiums for our insured products, which may adversely affect our revenues and operating results. We must maintain and improve our relationships with our retail and specialty pharmacy customers and increase the demand for our products and services. The success of our businesses depends in part on customer loyalty, superior customer service, and our ability to persuade customers to frequent our retail stores and online sites. Failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and spending patterns could adversely affect our relationship with our customers and clients and the demand for our products and services. We also face risks relating to the availability, pricing, and safety profiles of prescription drugs that we purchase and sell. The profitability of our retail/LTC and pharmacy services segments is dependent upon the utilization of prescription drug products. Our revenues, operating results, and cash flows may decline if physicians cease writing prescriptions for drugs or the utilization of drugs is reduced due to increased safety risk profiles or regulatory restrictions. The occurrence of extreme events could materially increase our healthcare costs. Extreme events or the threat of such extreme events could result in significant healthcare costs and disrupt our supply chains. Our employees and those of our vendors are concentrated in certain large metropolitan areas which may be particularly exposed to these events. Such events could adversely affect our businesses, operating results, and cash flows. We must regularly reassess the size, capability, and location of our global infrastructure and make appropriate changes, and must have effective change management processes and internal controls in place to address changes in our businesses and operations.