Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. The company seeks to minimize operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair the company's ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions or mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability and/or disruption to operations. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, processes and systems, behaviors and compliance mechanisms to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability and efficiency risks; to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies; and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. The company's operations could be disrupted by natural or human causes beyond its control, including physical risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods and other forms of severe weather, war, accidents, civil unrest, political events, fires, earthquakes, system failures, cyber threats, terrorist acts and epidemic or pandemic diseases such as the coronavirus, any of which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment. Extended periods of low commodity prices can have a material adverse impact on the results of operations, financial condition and liquidity of the company's suppliers, vendors, partners and equity affiliates upon which the company's own results of operations and financial condition depend. The company evaluates the risk of changing commodity prices as a core part of its business planning process. In certain situations where Chevron is not the operator, the company may have limited influence and control over third parties, which may limit its ability to manage and control such risks. The company has exposure to cyber incidents and the negative impacts of such incidents related to its critical data and proprietary information housed on third-party IT systems, including the cloud. Cyber events could result in significant financial losses, legal or regulatory violations, reputational harm, and legal liability and could ultimately have a material adverse effect on the company's business and results of operations. Increasing attention to climate change, increasing societal expectations on companies to address climate change, and potential consumer and customer use of substitutes to Chevron's products may result in increased costs, reduced demand for products, reduced profits, increased investigations and litigation, and negative impacts on stock price and access to capital markets. The company assesses carbon pricing risks by considering carbon costs in its long-range supply, demand and energy price forecasts. The ultimate effect of international agreements and national, regional and state legislation and regulatory measures to limit greenhouse gas emissions on the company's financial performance, and the timing of these effects, will depend on a number of factors. The company relies on existing liquidity, financial resources and borrowing capacity to meet short-term obligations that would arise from significant incidents or unforeseen liabilities. The company's operations are subject to disruption from natural or human causes beyond its control, which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment. The company has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, processes and systems to manage risks and respond to unexpected incidents, reflecting a multifaceted approach to organizational resilience in the face of various pressures and constraints.