The companies' businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict and involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond their control. The profitability of the companies' businesses is dependent on their ability to recover costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on their capital investment. A failure by the companies to support these rates could result in rate decreases from current rate levels, which could adversely affect the companies' results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. The companies' operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local regulation, which could result in substantial monetary penalties if any of the companies are found not to be in compliance. The companies' operations are also subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions, and personnel issues, which could negatively affect the companies. The companies are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. Unplanned outages of the companies' facilities and extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of the companies' business. The companies' financial performance and condition can be affected by changes in the weather, including the effects of global climate change. Severe weather, including hurricanes, winter storms, earthquakes, floods, and other natural disasters can stress systems, disrupt operation of the companies' facilities, and cause service outages, production delays, and property damage that require incurring additional expenses. The companies' operations could be adversely affected and their physical plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global climate produce unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent, and extreme weather events. The companies' businesses are dependent upon their contractors for the successful and timely completion of large-scale infrastructure projects. The advancement of the companies' ventures is also affected by the interventions, litigation, or other activities of stakeholder and advocacy groups, some of which oppose natural gas-related and energy infrastructure projects. The companies' ability to execute their business plans is further subject to the earnings and cash flows of its subsidiaries and the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends or advance or repay funds to it. The companies are subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash, which could result in remediation costs, civil and/or criminal penalties, claims, litigation, increased regulation and compliance costs, and reputational damage. The companies expect that existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised and/or new laws may be adopted, which could have an impact on their business. Additionally, the companies' operations and construction activities are subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs. The companies' financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving supply and demand for electricity and gas and related services. The companies' inability to attract and retain key executive officers and an appropriately qualified workforce could have an adverse effect on their operations. The complexities involved in integrating acquired businesses could result in the disruption of the companies' ongoing business or inconsistencies in its services, standards, controls, procedures, and policies. The companies are exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations. The companies' operations are subject to risks associated with the transportation, storage, and processing of natural gas and other environmental hazards, which could result in loss of human life or injuries among employees, customers, or the public in general.