The following risks are considered the most significant to John Deere's business based upon current knowledge, information, and assumptions. International, national, and regional trade laws, regulations, and policies could significantly impair John Deere's profitability and growth prospects. Restricted access to global markets impairs John Deere's ability to export goods and services and limits access to raw materials and high-quality parts. Trade restrictions could limit John Deere's ability to capitalize on current and future growth opportunities in international markets and impair its ability to expand the business by offering new technologies, products, and services. Furthermore, policies impacting exchange rates and commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on the international flow of agricultural and other commodities, resulting in a corresponding negative effect on demand for agricultural equipment. John Deere's operations may also be affected by non-U.S. regulatory reforms and changes in government policies that could have a negative effect on the company. The company's operations, including those outside of the United States, may also be affected by changes in tax rates or tax legislation. John Deere's ability to match new product offerings to diverse global customers' anticipated preferences is critical to its success, requiring a thorough understanding of existing and potential customers on a global basis. Negative economic conditions can materially weaken demand for John Deere's equipment and services, limit access to funding, and result in higher funding costs. Sustained negative economic conditions affect housing starts and other construction, which dampens demand for certain construction equipment. John Deere's turf operations and its construction and forestry business are dependent on construction activity and general economic conditions. Changes in the availability and price of raw materials, components, and whole goods could result in production disruptions or increased costs. Supply chain disruptions due to supplier financial distress, capacity constraints, or labor shortages could affect John Deere's operations and profitability. John Deere's operations are subject to increasingly rigorous environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, which could prevent or restrict operations or require significant expenditures to achieve compliance. Adverse weather conditions or natural calamities could reduce agricultural production and demand for equipment. John Deere relies on information technology networks and systems to manage or support various business processes, and disruptions could compromise operations and expose the company to liability. The company's ability to execute its strategy is dependent upon attracting, training, and retaining qualified personnel. Failure to attract and retain qualified personnel could impair John Deere's ability to execute its business strategy. John Deere's financial services segment is exposed to the risk that customers will default on contractual obligations, which could materially impact the segment's write-offs and provision for credit losses. Changes in interest rates can reduce demand for equipment and adversely affect interest margins. John Deere may not realize all anticipated benefits of acquisitions or joint ventures, which may involve significant challenges and risks. The reallocation of radio frequency spectrums could disrupt or degrade the reliability of John Deere's technology solutions.