The homebuilding and lot development industries are cyclical and affected by changes in economic, real estate, or other conditions that could adversely affect our business or financial results. Adverse changes in these general and local economic conditions or deterioration in the broader economy would cause a negative impact on our business and financial results and increase the risk for asset impairments and write-offs. We believe that our existing cash resources, our homebuilding revolving credit facility, our mortgage repurchase facility, and our ability to access the capital markets will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our near-term working capital needs and debt obligations. Our operating strategy focuses on enhancing long-term value to our shareholders by leveraging our financial and competitive position in our core homebuilding business to increase the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows, while managing risk and maintaining financial flexibility to make opportunistic strategic investments. We regularly assess our projected capital requirements to fund growth in our business, repay debt obligations, and support other general corporate and operational needs. We manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. Our financial services operations are subject to extensive state and federal laws and regulations, which are administered by numerous agencies, including but not limited to the CFPB, Federal Housing Finance Agency, U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, FHA, VA, USDA, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae. We have established reserves for estimated losses and future repurchase obligations for mortgage loans we have sold; however, actual future obligations related to these mortgages could differ significantly from our current estimated amounts. We cannot provide assurance that our insurance coverage, our subcontractor arrangements, and our reserves will be adequate to address all of our future warranty and construction defect claims. We are subject to home warranty and construction defect claims arising in the ordinary course of our homebuilding business. Our ability to obtain surety bonds primarily depends upon our credit rating, financial condition, past performance, and other factors, including the capacity of the surety market and the underwriting practices of surety bond issuers. The ability to obtain surety bonds also can be impacted by the willingness of insurance companies to issue performance bonds for construction and development activities. We have received notices of violation from the United States Environmental Protection Agency related to stormwater compliance at certain of our sites in our southeast region. We have responded to increases in insurance costs and coverage limitations by increasing our self-insured retentions and claim reserves. Our business and financial results could be adversely affected by significant inflation, higher interest rates, or deflation. We believe that fluctuations in housing market conditions can affect the frequency and cost of construction defect claims. We regularly evaluate our opportunities to raise additional capital. Our financial services revenues increased 18% to $441.7 million compared to $375.3 million. We have maintained product liability insurance and seek to obtain indemnities and certificates of insurance from subcontractors covering claims related to their workmanship and materials. Our homebuilding operations utilize a senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. We believe our operating strategy will allow us to maintain and improve our financial and competitive position and balance sheet strength.