Our business depends upon the demand for data centers and is particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns as well as adverse developments in the data center, internet, and data communications industries. Any such slowdown could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for data center space. We face significant competition, which may adversely affect the occupancy and rental rates of our data centers. Problems at one or more of our data centers could result in service interruptions or equipment damage, which may expose us to additional legal liability and monetary damages and damage our brand and reputation. Our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable services, and any failure to meet service level commitments could subject us to liability under the terms of our customer agreements. We may be vulnerable to breaches or unauthorized access to our physical and information security infrastructure, which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to attract, grow, and retain a diverse and balanced customer base may affect our ability to maximize our revenues. We may not be able to adapt to changing technologies and customer requirements, and our data center infrastructure may become obsolete. The technology industry is characterized by rapidly changing technology and customer requirements, and we may not be able to modify the redundancy levels or environmental systems of our existing data centers cost-effectively. Our portfolio depends upon local economic conditions and is geographically concentrated in certain locations, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations. We are committed to maintaining a conservative capital structure and target a debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio at or less than 5.5x. Our substantial indebtedness requires us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to debt service payments, which reduces the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, expansion efforts, and distributions. Our operations may also be affected if too many competing properties are built in any of these areas or supply otherwise increases or exceeds demand. We may not possess the same level of familiarity with the development of data centers in other metropolitan areas, which could adversely affect our ability to develop such data centers successfully or achieve expected performance. Our growth depends upon the successful development of our existing space and developable land, and any delays or unexpected costs in such development may harm our growth prospects. We expect to incur significant capital expenditures for our development programs, although the amount may increase or decrease based on numerous factors, including changes in demand, leasing results, and availability of debt or equity capital. We may seek to retire or repurchase our outstanding debt or the equity of our parent company through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity securities, depending on prevailing market conditions and liquidity requirements. Our ability to manage the risks associated with the sales cycle may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The occurrence of any of the risks we face might cause our stockholders and unitholders to lose all or part of their investment.