The following are important factors which could affect our financial performance and could cause our actual results for future periods to differ materially from our anticipated results or other expectations, including those expressed in any forward-looking statements made in this form 10-K. Our results depend upon the continued vitality of the markets we serve. Economic downturns, particularly in our larger markets, can adversely impact our end-users. The well completion and stimulation, oil and gas production, and refinery and petrochemical plant markets served by our global energy segment may be impacted by substantial fluctuations in oil and gas prices. Additionally, we are undertaking the Accelerate 2020 plan to simplify and automate processes and tasks, reduce complexity and management layers, consolidate facilities, and focus on key long-term growth areas by leveraging technology and structural improvements. We continue to execute key business initiatives, including restructurings and investments to develop business systems, as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our efficiency and returns. If we are unsuccessful in executing on these initiatives, our business could be materially and adversely affected. We rely to a large extent upon information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business, and the size and complexity of our information technology systems make them potentially vulnerable to failure, malicious intrusion, and random attack. We have invested in protection of data and information technology; however, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent failures or cybersecurity attacks that could cause reputational damage or business disruption. Our operations could be materially and adversely affected if we were unable to attract, retain, or develop key personnel necessary to ensure effective succession for executive officer and key employee roles. Our growth depends upon our ability to successfully compete with respect to value, innovation, and customer support. We must continue to identify, develop, and commercialize innovative, profitable, and high value-added products for niche applications and commercial digital applications. Our significant non-U.S. operations expose us to global economic, political, and legal risks that could impact our profitability. We are also subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the environment, and compliance with these laws exposes us to potential financial liability and increases our operating costs. The occurrence of extraordinary events, such as litigation, loss of a major customer, or severe weather conditions, may have a material adverse effect on our business. We have a diverse customer base, and while no customer constitutes 10 percent or more of our consolidated revenues, the loss of key customers could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations or cash flows. Our overall success as a global business depends, in part, upon our ability to succeed in differing economic, social, legal, and political conditions. We may not continue to succeed in developing and implementing effective policies and strategies, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We continue to generate strong cash flow from operations, allowing us to fund our ongoing operations, acquisitions, investments in our business, and return cash to our shareholders. Our operations outside the United States require us to comply with a number of U.S. and international regulations, including anti-corruption laws and economic sanctions regulations. We have internal policies and procedures relating to such regulations; however, there is risk that such policies will not always protect us from misconduct or reckless acts of employees or representatives.