The ongoing changes in federal and state laws and regulations stemming from the ACA, including the steps that have been taken to amend, repeal, and limit the scope and application of the ACA, continue to represent significant challenges to the U.S. healthcare system. We are subject to significant government regulation, and changes or proposed changes in the regulation of our business by federal and state regulators may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. We must identify, assess, and respond to new laws and regulations, as well as comply with the various existing laws and regulations applicable to our business. The integration into our business of entities that we acquire, or the expansion of our business into new areas, may affect the way in which existing laws and rules apply to us, including by subjecting us to laws and rules that did not previously apply to us. Our profitability depends in large part on accurately predicting and pricing healthcare costs and on our ability to manage future healthcare costs through medical management, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts, and underwriting criteria. We face pressure to contain premium rates, and our customers may renegotiate their contracts to seek to contain their costs or may move to a competitor to obtain more favorable premiums. We are currently dependent on the non-exclusive services of independent agents and brokers in the marketing of our healthcare products, particularly with respect to individuals, seniors, and small employer group customers. Our inability to contract with providers, or if providers attempt to use their market position to negotiate more favorable contracts or place us at a competitive disadvantage, could adversely affect our business. We face competition in many of our markets, and if we fail to adequately adapt to changes in our industry and develop and implement strategic growth opportunities, our ability to compete and grow may be adversely affected. The health benefits industry is subject to negative publicity, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. We believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash, and investments will be sufficient for future operations and commitments, and for capital acquisitions and other strategic transactions. We have a strong financial condition and liquidity position, with consolidated cash, cash equivalents, and investments in fixed maturity and equity securities. Our investment strategy is to make investments consistent with insurance statutes and other regulatory requirements while preserving our asset base. We manage market risks through our investment policy, which establishes credit quality limits and limits on investments in individual issuers. Our regulated subsidiaries' states of domicile have statutory risk-based capital requirements for health and other insurance companies and HMOs largely based on the NAIC risk-based capital model act. We are in compliance with the liquidity and capital requirements for a licensee of the BCBSA and with the tangible net worth requirements applicable to certain of our California subsidiaries. The ongoing changes in the healthcare landscape require us to maintain operational flexibility and adaptability to ensure business continuity and resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptions. Our strategic initiatives are designed to enhance our organizational capabilities and ensure effective resource allocation to meet customer needs and respond to market demands.