Investing in our securities involves risks. Our businesses operate in markets that are highly competitive and potentially volatile, which could affect prices or demand for our products. A significant element of our competitive strategy is to deliver solutions to our customers by manufacturing high-quality products at the best relevant global cost. Our operating results depend in part on continued successful research, development, and marketing of new and/or improved products and services. We may experience difficulties or delays in the research, development, production, and/or marketing of new products and services which may negatively impact our operating results. Our operations depend on production facilities throughout the world, a majority of which are located outside the United States and subject to increased risks of disrupted production, causing delays in shipments and loss of customers and revenue. Our manufacturing facilities abroad are dependent on the stability of governments and business conditions and may be more susceptible to changes in laws, policies, and regulations in host countries. These facilities face increased risks of nationalization as well as operational disruptions which could cause delays in shipments of products and the loss of sales and customers. Our substantial sales both in the U.S. and abroad subject us to economic risk as our results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in government regulations and policies and currency fluctuations. Recessions, adverse market conditions, or downturns in end markets we serve may negatively affect our operations. During economic downturns, we may undertake more extensive restructuring actions and incur higher costs. If our restructuring actions are not sufficiently effective, we may not be able to achieve our anticipated operating results. Our success depends in part on the efforts and abilities of our management and key employees. The failure to attract, develop, and retain highly qualified personnel could adversely affect our business and operating results. Security breaches or disruptions of our information technology systems could adversely affect our business. Our products and services are highly sophisticated and specialized, and a major product failure or similar event caused by defects, cybersecurity incidents, or other failures could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial position, and results of operations. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include financial loss, reputational damage, litigation with third parties, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs. The company engages in acquisitions and divestitures, which are subject to domestic and foreign regulatory requirements, and may encounter difficulties in integrating and separating these businesses. The success of these transactions will depend on our ability to integrate assets and personnel acquired in these transactions and to cooperate with our strategic partners. Our operations are influenced by various factors, including changes in government regulations and policies, economic conditions, and competitive pressures. The company continues to generate substantial cash from operations and has the resources available to reinvest for growth in existing businesses, pursue strategic acquisitions, and manage its capital structure. The company has been successful in efficiently deploying cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions, and sustain long-term growth. The company's financial structure provides the flexibility necessary to achieve its strategic objectives. The company has been able to readily meet all its funding requirements and currently believes that sufficient funds will be available to meet the company's needs in the foreseeable future through operating cash flow, existing resources, and short- and long-term debt capacity.