Our business and assets are subject to varying degrees of risk and uncertainty, and if any of these events or circumstances occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could be materially harmed. We devote significant financial and other resources to our research and development activities; however, the research and development process is prolonged and entails considerable uncertainty. We may experience supply interruptions that could harm our ability to manufacture products, and general economic conditions could adversely affect the financial viability of our suppliers, resulting in their inability to provide materials and components. We work closely with suppliers to monitor their financial viability, assure continuity of supply, and maintain high quality and reliability, but these efforts may not be successful. The manufacture of many of our products is highly complex and subject to strict quality controls, and if we or one of our suppliers encounters manufacturing, logistics, or quality problems, our business could suffer. Disruptions can occur at any time, including during implementation of new equipment and systems or during production line transfers and expansions. As we expand into new markets, we may face unanticipated surges in demand which could strain our production capacity and lead to other types of disruption. Our manufacturing and warehousing facilities, as well as those of our suppliers and logistics partners, could be materially damaged by natural disasters or catastrophic circumstances. While we believe that our exposure to significant losses from a catastrophic disaster could be partially mitigated by our ability to manufacture, store, and distribute some of our products at other facilities, the losses could have a material adverse effect on our business for an indeterminate period of time before this transition is complete and operates without significant disruption. We manage a portfolio of research and development products and may seek to dispose of underperforming operations or products for strategic reasons. Our ability to compete will depend in large part on our ability to develop and acquire new or differentiated products and technologies, anticipate technology advances, and keep pace with other developers of cardiovascular therapies. Our competitive position can also be adversely affected by product problems, physician advisories, and safety alerts. We face intense competition, and if we do not compete effectively, our business will be harmed. The regulatory approval process for new products requires extensive clinical trials and procedures, and unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data could adversely affect our ability to obtain necessary approvals. The success of many of our products depends upon strong relationships with key physicians, and if new laws or regulations limit our ability to maintain these relationships, the development and marketing of our products could suffer. Failure to protect our information technology infrastructure against cyber-based attacks could materially disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business. We are subject to ongoing tax audits, and tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken, which could result in additional taxes. Our business is subject to economic, political, and other risks associated with international sales and operations, including changes in local medical reimbursement policies and programs, changes in foreign regulatory requirements, and economic and political instability. The introduction of cost containment incentives, combined with closer scrutiny of healthcare expenditures, has resulted in increased discounts and contractual adjustments to hospital charges. If we are unable to demonstrate the full value of our differentiated products to healthcare providers and payors, our competitive position could be adversely affected.