Our operating results depend upon many factors and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Some of our customers operate in challenging industries where there is a material risk of catastrophic events. Interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems or the inability to maintain or upgrade our information systems could disrupt operations, cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues, and result in less efficient operations. The proper functioning of our information systems is critical to many aspects of our business, and we could be adversely affected if we experience a disruption or data loss relating to our information systems and are unable to recover in a timely manner. Our ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, pay expenses, and maintain the security of company and customer data is dependent on the effective and timely operation and support of our information technology systems. In the event of a cybersecurity incident, we could experience certain operational interruptions, incur substantial additional costs, or suffer damage to our reputation in the marketplace. We develop and update processes and maintain systems to try to prevent cybersecurity incidents, but the possibility of such incidents cannot be eliminated entirely. Our sales growth is dependent primarily on our ability to attract new customers and increase our activity with existing customers. We have devoted increased resources to growth drivers, including our industrial vending business and our onsite business. However, we cannot assure you those steps will lead to additional sales growth. Changes in customer or product mix, downward pressure on sales prices, and changes in volume of orders could cause our gross profit percentage to fluctuate or decline in the future. Our competitive advantage in our industrial vending business could be eliminated, and the loss of key suppliers could be disruptive. Our success depends on our ability to develop product expertise and identify future products that respond to our customers' needs. Our success also depends on our ability to attract, motivate, and retain qualified employees who understand and appreciate our culture. An inability to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified individuals may delay the planned expansion of our various selling channels. We may not be able to compete effectively against traditional or non-traditional competitors, which could cause us to lose market share or erode our gross and/or operating income. The industrial, construction, and maintenance supply industry is consolidating, which could make it more competitive and negatively impact our market share, gross profit, and operating income. Disruptions at distribution centers or shipping ports may affect our ability to maintain core products in inventory and deliver products to our customers on a timely basis. In addition, severe weather conditions could adversely affect demand for our products in particularly hard-hit regions. Our ability to provide efficient distribution is an integral component of our overall business strategy. We believe our ability to grow is amplified if we can serve our customers at the closest economic point of contact. Our focus centers on understanding our customers' opportunities and obstacles. We strive to generate strong profits, which produce the cash flow necessary to fund our growth and support the needs of our customers. Our growth drivers, including industrial vending solutions and onsite locations, have required significant investments in inventory. We intend to continue to invest in the inventory necessary to support our vending and onsite initiatives. The increase in our operating cash flow as a percentage of net earnings reflects a reduced drag from working capital investment. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with laws and regulations, and we are subject to governmental audits and inquiries in the normal course of business.