An investment in our common stock or debt securities is subject to risks and uncertainties, including the ongoing development of high-technology products and the price, availability, and quality of commodities and subsystems. Levels of U.S. defense spending are driven by threats to national security, and competing demands for federal funds can pressure various areas of spending. Changes in appropriations in subsequent years may impact the funding available for these programs, and delays or changes in funding can impact the timing of available funds or lead to changes in program content. Our U.S. government contracts are subject to termination rights by the customer, which could have a material adverse effect on our future revenue and earnings. We operate in a highly regulated environment and are subject to audit by the U.S. government, which can result in delayed payments or contractor costs not being reimbursed. New laws, regulations, or changes to existing ones can increase our performance and compliance costs and reduce our profitability. Our future success depends in part on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce to meet the needs of our customers. Our ability to perform our obligations may be materially adversely affected if one or more of our suppliers is unable to provide the agreed-upon materials or perform the agreed-upon services in a timely manner. We face various cybersecurity threats, including threats to our information technology infrastructure and attempts to gain access to our proprietary information, which could disrupt our operations and expose us to potential liability. We maintain information security staff, policies, and procedures for managing risk to our information systems, and conduct employee training on cybersecurity to mitigate these threats. However, there can be no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cybersecurity breaches or disruptions. Our business could be negatively impacted by unforeseen circumstances that adversely affect the value of our goodwill or intangible assets. Our future performance depends on our ability to continue to develop, manufacture, and provide innovative products and services and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. We expect to continue to generate funds in excess of our short- and long-term liquidity needs, and we believe we have adequate funds on hand and sufficient borrowing capacity to execute our financial and operating strategy. Our total backlog, including funded and unfunded portions, was $86.9 billion on December 31, 2019, reflecting our ability to respond to changing customer demands and market conditions. Our total estimated contract value was $126.2 billion on December 31, 2019, indicating our capacity for future growth and adaptation in a dynamic business environment. The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the U.S. military's funding priorities, the diversity of our programs and customers, and our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment. We believe our estimates and judgments regarding future conditions and events are reasonable, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including changes in government spending and market conditions. Our focus on cash flow generation provides us with the flexibility for capital deployment while preserving a strong balance sheet to position us for future opportunities.