We believe that the automotive industry will continue to experience significant change in the coming years, and it is strategically significant that we succeed in leading the technological disruption occurring in our industry. Our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers. We may continue to restructure our operations in the U.S. and various other countries and initiate additional cost reduction actions, but we may not succeed in doing so. Since 2017, we have undertaken restructuring actions to lower our operating costs in response to difficult market and operating conditions in various parts of the world. As we continue to assess our performance throughout our regions, we may take additional restructuring actions to rationalize our operations, which may result in material asset write-downs or impairments and reduce our profitability in the periods incurred. We are continuing to implement a number of operating effectiveness initiatives to improve productivity and reduce costs. While we have achieved significant cost savings, there is no guarantee that we will fully realize the anticipated savings or benefits from past or future restructuring and/or cost reduction actions within the time periods we expect or at all. Our electric vehicle strategy is dependent upon our ability to reduce the cost of manufacturing electric vehicles, as well as increased consumer adoption. Our autonomous vehicle strategy is dependent upon our ability to successfully mitigate unique technological, operational, and regulatory risks. Our business is highly dependent upon global automobile market sales volume, which can be volatile. A significant amount of our operations are conducted by joint ventures that we cannot operate solely for our benefit. Our global operations subject us to extensive domestic and foreign legal and regulatory requirements, and a variety of other political, economic, and regulatory risks. Any significant disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities could disrupt our production schedule. Our automotive operations are dependent upon the continued ability of our suppliers to deliver the systems, components, raw materials, and parts that we need to manufacture our products. Any disruption of our production schedule caused by an unexpected shortage of systems, components, raw materials, or parts could cause us to alter production schedules or suspend production entirely. We operate in a highly competitive industry that has excess manufacturing capacity, and attempts by our competitors to sell more vehicles could have a significant negative effect on our vehicle pricing, market share, and operating results. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. Our management team has adopted a strategic plan to transform GM into the world's most valued automotive company, which includes several major initiatives that we anticipate will redefine the future of personal mobility. We face continuing market, operating, and regulatory challenges in a number of countries across the globe due to weak economic conditions, competitive pressures, and evolving trade policy and political uncertainty. Our future funding requirements depend upon the future performance of assets placed in trusts for our defined benefit pension plans, and changes to those assumptions could have a significant effect on future contributions. We expect that to comply with fuel economy and emission control requirements, we will be required to sell a significant volume of electric vehicles, which may increase costs.