Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. We face intense competition, and our business environment is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. To compete successfully, we must accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant, and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner. Our ongoing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies is inherently risky and could disrupt our current operations and harm our financial condition and operating results. We are also devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our enterprise-ready cloud services, including google cloud platform and g suite. Our investments in google and other bets reflect our ongoing efforts to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers. We may experience supply shortages and price increases driven by raw material availability, manufacturing capacity, labor shortages, industry allocations, tariffs, trade disputes and barriers, natural disasters, and significant changes in the financial or business condition of our suppliers. We rely on other companies to manufacture many of our assemblies and finished products, to design certain of our components and parts, and to participate in the distribution of our products and services. Our business could be negatively affected if we are not able to engage these companies with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms, or if those we engage fail to meet their obligations. Interruption, interference with, or failure of our information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability to effectively provide our products and services, which could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Our systems are vulnerable to damage, interference, or interruption from terrorist attacks, natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, ransomware attacks, and other attempts to harm or access our systems. The availability of our products and services and fulfillment of our customer contracts depend on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems. We experience cyber attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems on a regular basis. We may experience future security issues, whether due to employee error or malfeasance or system errors. Our ongoing investments in safety, security, and content review will likely continue to identify abuse of our platforms and misuse of user data. We face a number of manufacturing and supply chain risks that, if not properly managed, could harm our financial condition, operating results, and prospects. We are subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings that may harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Our business depends on strong brands, and failing to maintain and enhance our brands would hurt our ability to expand our base of users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. Our strong brands have significantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the brands within google and other bets increases our ability to enter new categories and launch new and innovative products that better serve the needs of our users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. Our success will depend largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and continue to provide high-quality, innovative products and services that are truly useful and play a valuable role in a range of settings.