We face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses, including market, liquidity, credit, operational, legal, regulatory, and reputational risks. Our financial performance is highly dependent on the environment in which our businesses operate, and unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can adversely affect many of our businesses. Our businesses have been and may continue to be adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally. We seek to maintain a sufficiently liquid balance sheet and have processes in place to dynamically manage our assets and liabilities, which include balance sheet planning, monitoring of key metrics, and scenario analyses. Our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress. We employ a comprehensive risk management framework that enables us to identify, assess, monitor, and manage the risks we assume in conducting our activities. Our operational risk management framework is designed to maintain our exposure to operational risk at levels within our risk appetite, and we have established policies that require all employees to report and escalate operational risk events. We also monitor threats and assess risks to ensure our state of readiness in the event of a significant operational disruption. Our business continuity program is comprehensive and consistent firmwide, incorporating new information and techniques to ensure that critical functions can continue to operate in the event of a disruption. Our risk management structure includes governance, processes, and people, with senior management assessing firmwide and business-level operational risk profiles. We utilize stress testing to capture our specific vulnerabilities and risks, and we conduct regular stress tests to quantify our exposure to tail risks. Our liquidity risk limits are set based on our risk appetite and are designed to allow for regular monitoring and review of credit risk concentrations. We also employ various risk mitigants, including collateral and hedging, to reduce our credit exposures. Our contingency funding plan outlines potential risk factors and key reports that assist in managing through a liquidity crisis. We monitor our credit exposure to specific countries and counterparties, and we have established a resolution liquidity adequacy and positioning framework to ensure that our major subsidiaries have access to sufficient loss-absorbing capacity. The firmwide resilience and operational risk committee oversees operational risk and ensures our business and operational resilience. Our credit risk management program assesses our credit, regulatory, and reputational risk, and we have a multilayered approach to resolving conflicts and addressing reputational risk. We continuously update our systems to support our operations and respond to changes in regulations and markets, and we invest heavily in systemic controls and training to ensure that our operations do not violate applicable rules and regulations.