The risk factors discussed in this section should be considered together with information included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K and should not be considered the only risks to which the company is exposed. Economic, political, and industry trends affect Grainger's business environments. Grainger serves several industries and markets in which the demand for its products and services is sensitive to the production activity, capital spending, and demand for products and services of Grainger's customers. Many of these customers operate in markets that are subject to cyclical fluctuations resulting from market uncertainty, trade and tariff policies, costs of goods sold, currency exchange rates, central bank interest rate changes, foreign competition, offshoring of production, oil and natural gas prices, geopolitical developments, labor shortages, inflation, deflation, and a variety of other factors beyond Grainger's control. Any of these factors could cause customers to idle or close facilities, delay purchases, reduce production levels, or experience reductions in the demand for their own products or services. Any such disruption could cause one or more of Grainger's distribution centers or branches to become non-operational, adversely affect Grainger's ability to obtain or deliver inventory in a timely manner, impair Grainger's ability to meet customer demand for products, result in lost sales, additional costs, or penalties, or damage Grainger's reputation. Grainger's ability to provide same-day shipping and next-day delivery is an integral component of Grainger's business strategy, and any such disruption could adversely impact results of operations and financial performance. The proper functioning of Grainger's information systems is critical to the successful operation of its business. Grainger continues to invest in software, hardware, and network infrastructures to effectively manage its information systems. However, information systems are still vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power losses, telecommunication failures, user error, third-party actions such as malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, and cybersecurity breaches. Grainger's competitive strengths include product selection and availability. Disruptions in Grainger's supply chain could result in an adverse impact on results of operations. The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, pandemic diseases, geopolitical events, and the imposition of measures that create barriers to or increase the costs associated with international trade could result in disruption of Grainger's logistics or supply chain network. Grainger's ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is essential for its competitive position. Grainger's continued success is substantially dependent on positive perceptions of Grainger's reputation. To be successful in the future, Grainger must continue to preserve, grow, and leverage the value of Grainger's brand. Grainger's business is subject to legislative, legal, and regulatory risks and conditions specific to the countries in which it operates. Failure to comply or unforeseen developments in related contingencies such as litigation could adversely affect Grainger's financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Grainger's ability to adequately protect its intellectual property or successfully defend against infringement claims by others may have an adverse impact on operations. Grainger's business relies on the use, validity, and continued protection of certain proprietary information and intellectual property, which includes current and future patents, trade secrets, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, and confidentiality agreements. The company's ability to operate, integrate, and leverage acquired businesses is critical to its resilience and adaptation strategies in a rapidly changing business environment.