We are subject to the business, financial, and operating risks inherent to the hospitality industry, any of which could reduce our revenues and limit opportunities for growth. Macroeconomic and other factors beyond our control can adversely affect and reduce demand for our products and services. Changes in general economic conditions, including low consumer confidence and increases in unemployment levels, can reduce demand for hospitality products and services. The hospitality industry is subject to seasonal and cyclical volatility, which may contribute to fluctuations in our results of operations and financial condition. Our business is subject to risks related to doing business with third-party property owners that could adversely affect our reputation, operational results, or prospects for growth. We depend on our ability to establish and maintain long-term, positive relationships with third-party property owners and our ability to enter into new and renew management and franchise contracts. Our ability to compete effectively is based primarily on the value and quality of our management services, brand name recognition, and reputation. The financial condition of third-party property owners, developers, and joint venture partners can affect our ability to maintain existing properties or develop new properties. Our ability to maintain and renew existing management and franchise contracts or enter into new contracts on favorable terms may be hindered by the performance of the properties we manage or franchise. We face competition for individual guests, group reservations, and conference business, which is based primarily on brand name recognition and reputation. Our ability to attract and retain guests depends, in part, on the public recognition of our brands and their associated reputation. Changes in ownership or management practices, perceptions of our environmental, social, or governance practices, and the occurrence of accidents or injuries can harm our reputation and create adverse publicity. Our business depends on our ability to manage our workforce effectively, and we rely on the general managers at each of our managed, owned, and leased hotels to manage daily operations. Labor shortages could restrict our ability to operate our properties or grow our business, resulting in increased labor costs that could adversely affect our results of operations. Our success depends in large part on our ability to attract, retain, train, manage, and engage employees. We have taken steps to reduce our fixed costs to levels we believe are appropriate to maximize profitability and respond to market conditions. Our investments in owned and leased real estate subject us to various risks that may not be applicable to managed or franchised properties, including governmental regulations, fluctuations in the value of real estate, and the ongoing need for capital improvements. We are exposed to various risks and uncertainties associated with our websites and mobile applications, including changes in required technology interfaces, website and mobile application downtime, and other technical failures. Our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt and meet our other commitments will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical to our organizational resilience.