The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by continuously transforming with the use of automation, artificial intelligence, agile processes, and changes to the way the company works, while also enabling the scaling of resources, offerings, and investments through the company's globally integrated model across both emerging and more established markets. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. The company continues to invest significantly in key strategic areas to drive revenue growth and market share gains. If the company does not adequately and timely anticipate and respond to changes in customer and market preferences, competitive actions, emerging business models, and ecosystems, the client demand for its products or services may decline or the company's costs may increase. The company has rigorous quality control standards and processes intended to prevent, detect, and correct errors, malfunctions, and other defects in its products and services. If errors, malfunctions, defects, or disruptions in service are experienced by customers or in the company's operations, there could be negative consequences that could impact customers' business operations and harm the company's operating results. The company continuously takes significant steps to mitigate cybersecurity risk across a range of functions, though such measures can never eliminate the risk entirely or provide absolute security. The company's reliance on data grows, and the potential impact of regulations on the company's business, risks, and reputation will grow accordingly. The enactment and expansion of data protection and privacy laws and regulations around the globe will continue to result in increased compliance costs and risks. The company's financial performance could be impacted by changes in market liquidity conditions and by customer credit risk on receivables. The company employs a number of strategies to manage these risks, including the use of derivative financial instruments. The company is exposed to currency and financing risks that could impact its revenue and business, and the company derives a significant percentage of its revenues and costs from its affiliates operating in local currency environments. Changes in the business condition of suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. The company's business could be impacted by its relationships with critical suppliers, and the failure of suppliers to deliver components, supplies, services, and raw materials in sufficient quantities, in a timely manner, and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations could adversely affect the company's business. The company has made and expects to continue to make acquisitions, alliances, and dispositions, which present significant challenges and risks. The related risks include the company failing to achieve strategic objectives, anticipated revenue improvements, and cost savings. The company is subject to legal proceedings and investigatory risks, and the risks associated with such legal proceedings are described in more detail in the company's annual report. The company believes it has adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs, but legal and compliance risks will continue to exist. The company's ability to pay interest and repay the principal for its debt securities is dependent upon its ability to manage its business operations, as well as the other risks described.