We are a leading global operator of regulated exchanges, clearing houses, and listings venues, and a provider of data services for commodity, financial, fixed income, and equity markets. Our business environment has been characterized by globalization of marketplaces, customers, and competitors; commodity, interest rate, and financial markets uncertainty; growing demand for data to inform customers' risk management and investment decisions; evolving, increasing, and disparate regulation across multiple jurisdictions; and price volatility increasing customers' demand for risk management services. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 34% in 2014 to 51% in 2019. This non-transaction revenue includes data services and listings. We have invested significant resources in our proprietary ice global network and cybersecurity protections to minimize the potential impact of a wide-scale cyber interruption, system outages, or global regulatory drive to move critical infrastructure and/or sensitive financial transactions away from the public internet. We believe that our current and historic investments in this space position us well competitively to accommodate increased costs of compliance, assurance, or incident response. However, trends in nationalism and data privacy could result in requirements that necessitate increases in staffing or the introduction of local data collection, which could undermine our synergistic centralized service model. A prolonged and impactful cyber-attack on any of our market participants could drive the industry away from electronification and reduce the market advantages we have realized through automation. We continuously review our positions as legal matters progress and do not believe that the resolution of these legal matters will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. Our clearing houses provide financial security for each transaction for the duration of the position by limiting counterparty credit risk. Each ice clearing house requires all clearing members or participants to deposit collateral in cash or certain pledged assets, known as "original margin." The daily profits and losses to and from the ice clearing houses due to the marking-to-market of open contracts is known as "variation margin." We have implemented policies and procedures designed to measure, manage, monitor, and report risk exposures, which are regularly reviewed by the appropriate management and supervisory bodies. Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relating to our cash and cash equivalents, short-term and long-term restricted cash and cash equivalents, short-term and long-term investments, and indebtedness is significant. We are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk, and we may experience gains or losses from foreign currency transactions in the future given that a significant part of our assets and liabilities are recorded in pounds sterling, Canadian dollars, or euros. We limit our exposure to credit risk by rigorously selecting the counterparties with which we make our investments, monitoring them on an ongoing basis, and executing agreements to protect our interests. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the rate of growth across our trading and clearing and data and listings segments, strategic plans and acquisitions, available sources for financing activities, required and discretionary technology and clearing initiatives, regulatory requirements, and the timing and introduction of new products and enhancements to existing products.