As we transform beyond a pc-centric company to address the needs of the new data-centric world, we have expanded our product offerings to provide end-to-end solutions, scaling from edge computing to the network, the cloud, and the emerging fields of ai and autonomous driving. Our products provide end-to-end solutions and are at the forefront of developing new technologies and new products as building blocks for an increasingly smart and connected world. We facilitate our customers creating, storing, and processing data generated by connected devices to accelerate business transformations. The internet of things market sits at the center of a global digital transformation, and we see significant opportunity for growth driven by an architectural shift toward edge computing, which extends compute from centralized points to be closer to the source inputs. Our workload-optimized, broad portfolio strategy uniquely enables our customers to move, store, and process the world's data. We have significant opportunities in cloud, networking, ai, and data analytics, and our broadened portfolio includes development of computer vision and machine learning-based solutions. Our internet of things group achieved record revenue and operating income in 2019 on broad business strength and growing demand for edge computing and computer vision-based applications. We are using our architecture, accelerators, and software assets, combined with scale and partners, to develop a growing internet of things portfolio. Our management assessed our internal control over financial reporting as of December 28, 2019, and concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements. We maintain business recovery plans that are intended to enable us to recover from natural disasters or other events that can be disruptive to our business. Our operations and business can be disrupted by natural disasters, industrial accidents, public health issues, cybersecurity incidents, interruptions of service from utilities, transportation, telecommunications, or IT systems providers, and manufacturing equipment failures. We have experienced disruptions in our manufacturing processes as a result of power outages, improperly functioning equipment, and disruptions in supply of raw materials or components. Our operations are subject to significant risks in many jurisdictions, and adverse changes in global or regional economic conditions can harm our financial results. We are exposed to currency exchange risks from our non-U.S.-dollar-denominated debt and may use foreign currency contracts designated as cash flow hedges to manage this risk. We are also affected by changes in interest rates related to our fixed-rate investment portfolio and outstanding debt. Our risk management programs are designed to reduce, but may not entirely eliminate, the impacts of these risks. We face significant competition in the industry, and our ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to innovate and adapt to changing market conditions. Our competitive environment has intensified, and we expect it to continue to do so in the future. We must maintain a successful R&D effort, develop new products and production processes, and improve our existing products and processes ahead of competitors. Our investments in new businesses, products, and technologies are inherently risky and do not always succeed. We have made significant investments in R&D, and our investments may not contribute to our future operating results for several years, if at all.