The success of the DPS merger, including anticipated benefits and cost savings, depends, in part, on our ability to optimize our operations. The optimization of our operations following the DPS merger is a complex, costly and time-consuming process which began in July 2018 upon the closing of the DPS merger and remains ongoing. If we experience difficulties in this process, the anticipated benefits of the DPS merger may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected, which could have an adverse effect on us for an undetermined period after completion of the DPS merger. We continue to assess the magnitude of these costs, and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the optimization of our operations. Our ability to gain or maintain share of sales in the countries in which we operate or in various local marketplaces or maintain or enhance our relationships with our partners and customers may be limited as a result of actions by competitors. We may not effectively respond to changing consumer preferences, trends, health concerns and other factors, which could impact our financial results. If we do not effectively anticipate these trends and changing consumer beverage preferences and quickly develop new products or partner with a current or new brand partner in that category in response, our sales could suffer. Our use of information technology and third-party service providers exposes us to cybersecurity breaches and other business disruptions that could adversely affect us. Continuity of business applications and services has been, and may in the future be, disrupted by events such as infection by viruses or malware. Our continuity of business applications and operations has been, and may in the future be, also disrupted by other cybersecurity attacks; issues with or errors in systems' maintenance or security; power outages; hardware or software failures; denial of service; telecommunication failures; natural disasters; terrorist attacks; and other catastrophic occurrences. If our controls, disaster recovery and business continuity plans or those of our third-party providers do not effectively respond to or resolve the issues related to any such disruptions in a timely manner, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. We continue to devote focused resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, upgrading systems and networks, enhanced training and other security measures to protect our systems and data. However, security measures cannot provide absolute security or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to every breach or disruption on a timely basis. We depend on key information systems to accurately and efficiently transact our business, provide information to management and prepare financial reports. If any of these third-party service providers or vendors do not perform effectively, or if we fail to adequately monitor their performance, we may have to incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers, our reputation could be harmed or we could be subject to litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations. Our business depends on developing and maintaining close relationships with our suppliers and on our suppliers' ability and willingness to sell quality products to us at favorable prices and terms. Many factors outside our control may harm these relationships and the ability or willingness of these suppliers to sell us products on favorable terms. Our future success depends upon the continued contributions of senior management and other key personnel and the ability to retain and motivate them. If we are unable to retain and motivate the senior management team and other key personnel sufficiently to support the projected growth and initiatives of our business, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected. We may not be able to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, or we could experience union activity including labor disputes or work stoppages, which could impair our ability to manufacture and distribute our products and result in a substantial loss of sales.