Our businesses are dependent on the supply of and demand for the products that we handle. Changes in the business environment, such as declining or sustained low commodity prices, supply disruptions, or higher development or production costs, could result in a slowing of supply to our pipelines, terminals, and other assets. We regularly undertake major construction projects to expand our existing assets and to construct new assets. Our ability to begin and complete construction on expansion and new-build projects may be inhibited by difficulties in obtaining permits and rights-of-way, as well as public opposition, increases in costs of construction materials, cost overruns, inclement weather, and other delays. A variety of factors outside of our control have caused, and may continue to cause, delays in or cancellations of our construction projects. We face competition from other pipelines and terminals, as well as other forms of transportation and storage, which could affect our existing businesses and our ability to secure new project opportunities. The volatility of oil, NGL, and natural gas prices could adversely affect our businesses, and significant increases in costs of construction materials, cost overruns, or delays could have a material adverse effect on our return on investment, results of operations, and cash flows. Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions, and financial distress experienced by our customers or other counterparties could have an adverse impact on us. We are exposed to the risk of loss in the event of nonperformance by our customers or other counterparties. Our operations and management require the retention and recruitment of a skilled workforce, and difficulties in recruiting and retaining our workforce could result in a failure to implement our business plans. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to complete acquisitions in the future or achieve the desired results from any acquisitions we do complete. Our reputation and public opinion could also be impacted by the actions and activities of other companies operating in the energy industry, particularly other energy infrastructure providers. Our business requires the retention and recruitment of a skilled workforce, and difficulties recruiting and retaining our workforce could result in a failure to implement our business plans. We must obtain and maintain the rights to construct and operate pipelines on other owners' land, including private landowners, railroads, public utilities, and others. Our business is dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. The risk of a disruption or breach of our operational systems, or the compromise of the data processed in connection with our operations, through an act of terrorism or cyber sabotage event has increased as attempted attacks have advanced in sophistication and number around the world. Hurricanes, earthquakes, flooding, and other natural disasters could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. These natural disasters and phenomena could potentially damage or destroy our assets and disrupt the supply of the products we transport. We have consistently generated substantial cash flow from operations, providing a source of funds to manage our day-to-day cash requirements and anticipated obligations. Our capital structure will continue to allow us to achieve our business objectives, and we expect that our short-term liquidity needs will be met primarily through retained cash from operations or short-term borrowings. We employ a centralized cash management program for our U.S.-based bank accounts that concentrates the cash assets of our wholly owned subsidiaries in joint accounts for the purpose of providing financial flexibility and lowering the cost of borrowing.