There are risks and uncertainties that can affect our business. The operating environment for the food retailing industry continues to be characterized by intense price competition, expansion, increasing fragmentation of retail and online formats, entry of non-traditional competitors, and market consolidation. We must anticipate and meet evolving customer preferences and continue to implement technology, software, and processes to fulfill customer orders conveniently and cost-effectively. If we do not anticipate customer preferences or fail to quickly adapt to these changing preferences, our sales and profitability could be adversely affected. Our relationship with unions, including a prolonged work stoppage affecting a substantial number of locations, could have a material adverse effect on our results. We are increasingly dependent on information technology systems that are complex and vital to continuing operations, resulting in an expansion of our technological presence and corresponding risk exposure. Our technology systems are vulnerable to disruption from circumstances beyond our control. Cyber-attackers may attempt to access information stored in our systems, and although we have implemented procedures to protect our information, we cannot be certain that our security systems will successfully defend against evolving cyber-attacks. A Kroger associate or third party may inadvertently cause a breach involving information. Data governance failures can adversely affect our reputation and business. Events that adversely affect customer trust, including inadequate disclosure of our uses of their information or failing to keep our information technology systems secure, could expose us to mandatory disclosure to the media, litigation, governmental investigations, and enforcement proceedings. Our business depends on our customers' willingness to entrust us with their personal information. Large-scale data breaches at other entities increase the challenge we face in maintaining the security of our information technology systems. We are subject to various laws and regulations that could significantly increase the cost of doing business. We cannot predict future laws or regulations, or the effect they will have on our operations. Our business may be negatively impacted by the fear of exposure to or actual effects of a disease outbreak, epidemic, pandemic, or similar widespread public health concern. The impacts of COVID-19 include increased costs due to significant increases in customer traffic and demand spikes, failure of third parties to meet their obligations, supply chain risks, reduced workforces, temporary store closures, and reduced consumer traffic and purchasing. Any of these factors could materially increase our costs, negatively impact our sales, and damage our financial condition. We believe our Restock Kroger plan provides a balanced approach to meet the wide-ranging needs and expectations of our customers. However, we may be unsuccessful in implementing this plan, which could adversely affect our relationships with customers, market share, business growth, and operations. Our financial strategy is to continue to use our strong free cash flow to invest in the business to drive long-term sustainable growth through the identification of high-return projects that support our strategy. We will allocate capital toward driving profitable sales growth in stores and digital, improving productivity, and building a seamless digital ecosystem and supply chain. We expect our model to deliver improved operating results over time and continued strong free cash flow, which will translate into a consistently strong and attractive total shareholder return over the long term.