Regulators increasingly seek to regulate certain aspects of payments systems, which may have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations. Increased regulation and oversight of payment systems may result in costly compliance burdens or otherwise increase our costs, potentially impacting our profitability and limiting our ability to innovate or offer differentiated products and services. Moreover, failure to comply with laws and regulations could result in fines, sanctions, civil damages, or other penalties, adversely affecting our overall business and results of operations. The complexity of our payment technology requires careful management to address security vulnerabilities that differ from those faced on our core network. Operational difficulties, such as the temporary unavailability of our services or products, or security breaches could cause a loss of business for these products and services, resulting in potential liability and adversely affecting our reputation. We maintain a business continuity program to analyze risk, assess potential impacts, and develop effective response strategies, but any interruption or degradation could adversely affect the perception of the reliability of products carrying our brands. Our efforts to effect change in regulatory environments may not succeed, which could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our revenues. The payments industry is characterized by rapid technological change, requiring us to adapt to evolving industry standards and customer needs. Our ability to develop and adopt new services and technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide solutions and standards, as well as resistance from customers or merchants to such changes. Additionally, we face disintermediation risks as parties processing our transactions may attempt to eliminate our position as an intermediary in the payment process. The global economic, political, financial, and societal events could result in a material and adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations. Adverse economic trends may lead customers to limit the issuance of new products and request greater cost stability from us, while consumers and businesses may lower spending, impacting domestic and cross-border spend. Our business significantly depends on the continued success and competitiveness of our issuing and acquiring customers, as well as their ability to effectively manage our brands. Stakeholder relationships are crucial, as losing a significant portion of business from one or more of our largest financial institution customers could lead to significant revenue decreases in the longer term. We also rely on our relationships with merchants to expand the acceptance of our integrated products and services. The continued focus of merchants on acceptance costs may lead to additional litigation and regulatory proceedings, which could materially and adversely affect our profitability. Our operations rely on global interoperable standards to facilitate safe and simple payments, and any geopolitical events that result in jurisdictions no longer participating in the creation or adoption of these standards could negatively impact our offerings. As cyber-threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities.