We are subject to various risks that make an investment in our securities risky. The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, reputation, prospects, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, liquidity, and stock price. Our ability to remain competitive and attract and retain business and leisure travelers depends on our success in distinguishing the quality, value, and efficiency of our lodging products and services. Economic downturns and other global, national, and regional conditions could impact our financial results and growth. Our business is impacted by decreases in travel resulting from weak economic conditions, changes in energy prices and currency values, political instability, heightened travel security measures, travel advisories, disruptions in air travel, and concerns over disease, violence, war, or terrorism. Our performance could be materially affected if these conditions arise or extend longer than anticipated. During the last recession when demand for hotel rooms declined significantly, we took steps to reduce operating costs and improve efficiency, and such cost controls could again become necessary if demand significantly declines. Our efforts to implement any such changes in a manner designed to maintain guest loyalty, owner preference, and associate satisfaction may not be successful, and our market share may suffer as a result. We cannot assure you when or that we will be able to fully realize additional benefits that we anticipated when we decided to acquire Starwood, including enhancing revenues or achieving other operating efficiencies or cost savings. Our integration efforts involved significant changes to certain of our guest programs and services, including our loyalty program, co-brand credit card arrangements, and consumer-facing technology platforms and services. While we believe such changes enhance these programs and services for our guests and will drive guest preference and satisfaction, these changes remain subject to various uncertainties, including whether the changes could be negatively perceived by certain guests and consumers. Our business depends on the quality and reputation of our company and our brands, and any deterioration could adversely impact our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. Negative incidents could lead to tangible adverse effects on our business, including lost sales, boycotts, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our loyalty program, disruption of access to our websites and reservation systems, loss of development opportunities, or associate retention and recruiting difficulties. Our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. We continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use websites, and of our associated mobile applications, through functionality and service improvements. Our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company. We remain focused on doing the things that we do well; that is, selling rooms, taking care of our guests, and making sure we control costs both at company-operated properties and at the corporate level. Our strategy has driven substantial growth while minimizing financial leverage and risk in a cyclical industry. We believe that our loyalty program generates substantial repeat business that might otherwise go to competing hotels, and we strategically market to the program's large and growing member base to generate revenue.