Our business could be materially affected by risks that we have not yet identified or that we currently consider to be immaterial. The uncertainty and expense associated with unresolved legal disputes might harm our business and reputation even if the matter is favorably resolved. We experience costly legal disputes, government actions, and adverse publicity regarding our role in distributing controlled substances such as opioids. The company is a defendant in over 3,000 cases alleging claims related to the distribution of controlled substances, which can have unexpected outcomes that are not justified by evidence or existing law. We are subject to extensive, complex, and challenging healthcare and other laws, and further regulation could impose increased costs and negatively impact our profit margins. Our relationships with pharmaceutical and medical surgical product manufacturers and healthcare providers expose our business to laws and regulations on fraud and abuse, which complicate our operations and increase our compliance burden. The occurrence of any of these risks could harm our reputation and might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. We might experience significant problems with information systems or networks, and if those information systems are unsuccessfully implemented, fail, suffer errors or interruptions, or become unavailable, it might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. We rely on sophisticated information systems and networks to perform our business operations, and our dependence on network availability is increased while many of our personnel are working remotely due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We have taken the necessary steps to ensure that we continue to supply our customers and protect the safety of our employees. The various responses we put in place to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on our business operations, including telecommuting and work-from-home policies, restricted travel requirements, employee support programs, and enhanced safety measures, are intended to limit exposure to COVID-19. We have a robust business continuity and disaster recovery program and have proactively enhanced our BCRP in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. We are working closely with national and local governments, agencies, and industry partners to ensure supplies, including personal protective equipment, and medicine reach our customers and patients when they need them. The COVID-19 pandemic impacted our business operations and financial results beginning in the fourth quarter of 2020, and we continue to monitor its impact on demand within parts of our business, as well as trends potentially impacting the timing or ability for some of our customers to pay amounts owed to us. We remain well-capitalized with access to liquidity from our revolving credit facility. Supplier shortages and stock-outs for certain products have occurred in specific instances as demand in excess of supply escalated for certain items tied to the COVID-19 pandemic response. We have assembled a critical care drug task force focused on securing additional product where available, sourcing back-up products, and adjusting allocations to ensure equitable distribution. The financial impact to the year ended March 31, 2020, is muted due to the timing of the COVID-19 pandemic late in our fourth quarter, and we experienced higher pharmaceutical distribution volumes in March; however, these increases were partially offset by decreases in specialty drug volumes and decreased demand within primary care medical-surgical supplies.