We operate in a highly competitive industry and we face risks related to the execution of our strategy and our timely response to pricing and other competitive pressures. Failure to effectively respond to challenges from our competitors could adversely affect our business. Competitor and customer pressures require that we timely and effectively respond to new distribution channels and technological developments and may require that we reduce our prices. These pressures also affect our ability to increase prices in response to commodity and other cost increases. Failure to effectively and timely assess new or developing trends, technological advancements or changes in distribution methods and set proper pricing or effective trade incentives will negatively impact our operating results, achievement of our strategic and financial goals and our ability to capitalize on new revenue or value-producing opportunities. The rapid evolution of new distribution channels, particularly in e-commerce, may disrupt our current operations or strategies more quickly than we planned for, create consumer price deflation, alter the buying behavior of consumers or disrupt our retail customer relationships. We may need to increase or reallocate spending on existing and new distribution channels and technologies, marketing, advertising and new product innovation to protect or increase revenues, market share and brand significance. These expenditures may not be successful and might not result in trade and consumer acceptance of our efforts, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. We seek to strengthen our brands through investments in our product quality, product renovation, innovation and marketing investments, including consumer-relevant advertising, digital transformation and consumer promotions. Failure to effectively address the continuing global focus on consumer-centric well-being, including changing consumer acceptance of certain ingredients, nutritional expectations of our products, and the sustainability of our ingredients, our supply chain and our packaging could adversely affect our brands. We are subject to risks from operating globally, including compliance with various laws and regulations, increased or new tariffs, sanctions, quotas, trade barriers, and the uncertainty of enforcement of remedies in non-U.S. jurisdictions. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets, which have greater political, economic and currency volatility. We are also exposed to cybersecurity breaches and other business disruptions, which can damage or disrupt our operations or those of our suppliers. Failure to effectively plan for and respond to disruptions in our operations can cause delays in delivering products to our customers. We continue to devote focused resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, enhanced training and other security measures to protect our systems and data. We have taken measures to increase our resources in customer service and logistics together with increasing our inventory levels of imported raw materials, packaging and finished goods in the United Kingdom to help us manage through the Brexit transition and the inherent risks. If the ultimate terms of the U.K.'s separation from the European Union negatively impact the U.K. economy or result in disruptions to sales or our supply chain, the impact to our results of operations and financial condition could be material. We face risks related to tax matters, including changes in tax laws and rates, which could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our operations in certain emerging markets expose us to political, economic and regulatory risks, and failure to successfully increase our business in these markets could adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations.