Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we fail to retain existing users or add new users, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with our products, our revenue, financial results, and business may be significantly harmed. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users of our products. We anticipate that our active user growth rate will generally decline over time as the size of our active user base increases, and we expect that the size of our active user base will fluctuate or decline in one or more markets from time to time. If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. Any number of factors can negatively affect user retention, growth, and engagement, including users increasingly engaging with other competitive products or services, our failure to introduce new features, products, or services that users find engaging, or if we introduce new products or services that are not favorably received. 

We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising. The loss of marketers, or reduction in spending by marketers, could seriously harm our business. Our advertising revenue can also be adversely affected by decreases in user engagement, including time spent on our products, and our inability to maintain or increase marketer demand or the pricing of our ads. We rely on data signals from user activity on websites and services that we do not control in order to deliver relevant and effective ads to our users. Our advertising revenue is dependent on targeting and measurement tools that incorporate these signals, and any changes in our ability to use such signals will adversely affect our business. 

The substantial majority of our revenue is generated from advertising on mobile devices. We are dependent on the interoperability of our products with popular mobile operating systems, networks, technologies, products, and standards that we do not control. Any changes, bugs, or technical issues in such systems could adversely affect the usage of our products and monetization on mobile devices. Our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products, and our ability to establish and maintain developers' interest in building mobile and web applications that integrate with our products. 

We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad relating to cybersecurity and data protection, as well as obligations under the modified consent order we entered into with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. Our ongoing efforts related to privacy, safety, security, and content review will identify additional instances of misuse of user data or other undesirable activity by third parties on our platform. We anticipate that our compliance and oversight efforts will require significant time and attention from our management and board of directors. 

Our business is dependent on our ability to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption in our service could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of users and engagement, and adversely affect our financial results. We may experience unforeseen difficulties in building and operating key portions of our technical infrastructure. If our products are unavailable when users attempt to access them, or if they do not load as quickly as expected, users may not use our products as often in the future, which could adversely affect our business and financial performance.