The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business, our results of operations, our cash flows, our financial position, and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this annual report on Form 10-K. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans, estimates, and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying estimates or assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, or projected. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that we may make from time to time except as required by applicable law. Unfavorable litigation outcomes could materially adversely affect the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria or the businesses of one or more of its subsidiaries or investees. Legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters are pending or threatened in various United States and foreign jurisdictions against Altria and its subsidiaries. Litigation is subject to uncertainty, and it is possible that there could be adverse developments in pending or future cases. An unfavorable outcome or settlement of pending tobacco-related or other litigation could encourage the commencement of additional litigation. Altria and its subsidiaries may be unsuccessful in anticipating changes in adult consumer preferences, responding to changes in consumer purchase behavior, or managing through difficult competitive and economic conditions, which could have an adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations and cash flows of Altria or the business of Altria's tobacco and wine subsidiaries. Significant methods of competition include product quality, taste, price, product innovation, marketing, packaging, distribution, and promotional activities. This highly competitive environment could negatively impact the profitability, market share, and shipment volume of our tobacco subsidiaries. Altria's tobacco subsidiaries face risks inherent in reliance on a few significant facilities and a small number of key suppliers. An extended disruption at a facility or in service by a supplier could have a material adverse effect on the business. Altria's subsidiaries could decide or be required to recall products, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria and its subsidiaries. Altria and its subsidiaries rely extensively on information systems to support a variety of business processes and activities. We continue to make investments in administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect our information systems and data from cyber-threats. However, because technology is increasingly complex and cyber-attacks are increasingly sophisticated and more frequent, there can be no assurance that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect on us in the future. Failure of our systems or service providers' systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could result in loss of revenue, assets, personal data, intellectual property, trade secrets, or other sensitive and confidential data, operational disruptions, legal challenges, and significant remediation and other costs to Altria and its subsidiaries. The expected benefits of the Juul transaction may not materialize in the expected manner or timeframe or at all, including due to operational risks and regulatory risks at the international, federal, state, and local levels. Altria and its subsidiaries may not succeed in their efforts to develop and commercialize innovative tobacco products or to obtain regulatory approval for the marketing or sale of products, which would have an adverse effect on their ability to grow new revenue streams and/or put them at a competitive disadvantage.