Our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses. Failure to manage risks associated with business interruptions could adversely impact our operations, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our operations are subject to business interruptions such as scheduled refinery turnarounds, unplanned maintenance or unplanned events such as explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases or other incidents, power outages, severe weather, labor disputes, or other natural or man-made disasters, such as acts of terrorism. We rely on the performance of our information technology systems, and the interruption or failure of any information technology system, including an interruption or failure due to a cybersecurity breach, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We also face various other cybersecurity threats from criminal hackers, state-sponsored intrusion, industrial espionage and employee malfeasance, including threats to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information or to render data or systems unusable. Our cybersecurity protections, infrastructure protection technologies, disaster recovery plans and employee training may not be sufficient to defend us against all unauthorized attempts to access our information. We have been and may in the future be subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to our computer network and systems. Any cybersecurity incident could result in theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of confidential financial and other data, intellectual property, customer awards or loyalty points; give rise to remediation or other expenses; expose us to liability under federal and state laws; reduce our customers' willingness to do business with us; disrupt the services we provide to customers; and subject us to litigation and legal liability under federal and state laws. Competition in our industry is intense, and very aggressive competition could adversely impact our business. We compete with a broad range of refining and marketing companies, including certain multinational oil companies. Competitors with integrated operations with exploration and production resources and broader access to resources may be better able to withstand volatile market conditions and to bear the risks inherent in the refining industry. We are subject to interruptions of supply and increased costs as a result of our reliance on third-party transportation of crude oil and refined products. We utilize the services of third parties to transport crude oil and refined products to and from our refineries. In particular, pipelines or railroads provide a nearly exclusive form of transportation of crude oil to, or refined products from, some of our refineries. A prolonged interruption, material reduction or cessation of service of such a pipeline or railway could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our investments in joint ventures decrease our ability to manage risk. We conduct some of our operations through joint ventures in which we share control over certain economic and business interests with our joint venture partners. Our joint venture partners may have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals and interests or may be unable to meet their obligations. Failure by us, or an entity in which we have an interest, to adequately manage the risks associated with any acquisitions or joint ventures could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of our joint ventures and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our operations could be disrupted if we are unable to maintain or obtain real property rights required for our business. We do not own all of the land on which certain of our assets are located, particularly our midstream assets, but rather obtain the rights to construct and operate such assets on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies for a specific period of time. Therefore, we are subject to the possibility of more burdensome terms and increased costs to retain necessary land use if our leases, rights-of-way or other property rights lapse, terminate or are reduced.