We are dependent on third parties to supply data, applications, and services for our products and services, and a refusal or failure by a key vendor to distribute our products could impair our ability to provide our clients with our products and services. The development, maintenance, and support of our products and services are dependent upon the knowledge, skills, experience, and abilities of our employees, indicating that the success of our business depends significantly on the continued service of our executives and other key employees. Our management and other employees may terminate their employment at any time, and the loss of any key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our products and services support the investment processes of our clients, which relate to trillions of dollars in assets, and errors or defects can exist at any point in a product's life cycle. We continually introduce new methodologies and products, and despite internal testing, our products may contain errors that could result in harm to our brand or reputation, significantly increased costs, and delays in market acceptance. Our ability to effectively use the internet may be impaired due to infrastructure failures or service outages, which could damage our brand and reputation and negatively affect our ability to distribute our products effectively. We depend heavily on the capacity, reliability, and security of our information technology systems and platforms, and any failures, disruptions, or vulnerabilities could impose delays or additional costs in deploying our products. Our global operations and any future expansion may place significant strain on our management and other resources, and we must continue to improve our operational, financial, human resources, management, legal, and compliance processes to keep pace with the expansion of our business. Our global operations expose us to political, economic, legal, and operational risks that are inherent in operating in many countries. The demand for our products and services is still nascent in many parts of the world, particularly in emerging market locations, and if we do not appropriately tailor our products and services to fit the needs of the local market, we may be unable to effectively grow sales outside of the U.S. Our business is impacted by economic conditions and volatility in the global capital markets, and changes in the global capital markets could decrease the use of our products. We must successfully develop new and enhanced products and services and effectively manage product transitions and integrations to remain competitive. Our growth strategy includes expanding leadership in research-enhanced content, strengthening existing and new client relationships, and executing strategic relationships and acquisitions. Our ability to achieve the expected returns and synergies from our past and future acquisitions depends on our ability to effectively integrate the offerings and technology of these businesses into our operations. We have experienced unanticipated interruptions and delays in the performance and delivery of certain products after migrating applications and infrastructure to new data centers, and while we have taken steps to mitigate such interruptions, we cannot provide assurance that they will not occur again in the future. Our contractual obligations consist primarily of leases for office space and equipment, obligations to vendors arising out of market data contracts, and our debt obligations arising from the issuance of senior notes. We believe that global cash flows from operations, together with existing cash and cash equivalents, will continue to be sufficient to fund our global operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities.