We face a number of risks related to current global economic and political conditions, including low economic growth rates in certain markets, the impact of currency fluctuations, commodity price volatility, and unstable political conditions that have and could continue to unfavorably impact our business. Our ability to meet customers' demands depends, in part, on our ability to timely obtain an adequate delivery of quality materials, parts, and components, as well as software and services from our suppliers. We have experienced shortages in the past that have negatively impacted our results of operations and may experience such shortages in the future. The process of developing new video security and software products and enhancing existing products is complex, costly, and uncertain, and any failure by us to anticipate customers' changing needs and emerging technological trends accurately could significantly harm our market share, results of operations, and financial condition. Our success depends in part on our timely introduction of new products and technologies and our results can be impacted by the effectiveness of our significant investments in new products and technologies. We may face increasing competition from traditional system integrators, the defense industry, commercial software companies, and commercial telecommunication carriers as services contracts become larger and more complicated. We may not be able to properly assess or mitigate risks associated with the expansion of our services business, which creates increased areas of risk. The offering of managed services involves the integration of multiple services, multiple vendors, and multiple technologies, requiring that we partner with other solutions and services providers, often on multi-year projects. We are dependent, in certain instances, upon our outsourced business partners, suppliers, and customers to adequately protect our IT systems and those IT systems that we manage for our customers. A cyber attack or other significant disruption involving our IT systems or those of our outsource partners, suppliers, or our customers could result in the unauthorized release of proprietary, confidential, or sensitive information of ours or our customers. Our company outsources certain business operations, including IT, HR information systems, manufacturing, repair, distribution, and engineering services. These arrangements are governed by various contracts and agreements which reference and mandate company and international standards of information protection, as appropriate. We are exposed to risks under large, multi-year system and services contracts that may negatively impact our business. We enter into large, multi-year system and services contracts with large municipal, state, and nationwide government and commercial customers. This exposes us to risks, including technological risks, especially when the contracts involve new technology, risk of defaults by third parties on whom we are relying for products or services as part of our offering or who are the prime contractors, and financial risks, including the estimates inherent in projecting costs associated with large, long-term contracts. We may not continue to have access to the capital markets for financing on acceptable terms and conditions, particularly if our credit ratings are downgraded, which could limit our ability to repay our indebtedness and could cause liquidity issues. Our future operating results depend on our ability to purchase at acceptable prices a sufficient amount of materials, parts, and components, as well as software and services, to meet the demands of our customers. We believe that we have adequate internal resources available to fund expected working capital and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months as supported by the level of cash and cash equivalents in the U.S., the ability to repatriate funds from foreign jurisdictions, cash provided by operations, as well as liquidity provided by our commercial paper program backed by the revolving credit facility.