The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, or operating results could be adversely affected. Economic conditions and market factors, which are beyond our control, may adversely affect our business and financial condition. Our business performance is impacted by a number of factors, including general economic conditions, market volatility, changes in investment patterns and priorities, and other factors that are generally beyond our control. Adverse market conditions could reduce customer demand for our services and the ability of our customers, lenders, and other counterparties to meet their obligations to us. Poor economic conditions may result in a reduction in the demand for our products and services, including our market technology, data, indexes, and corporate solutions. Adverse conditions may jeopardize the ability of our listed companies to comply with the continued listing requirements of our exchanges. Our markets and the markets that rely on our technology have experienced systems failures and delays in the past and could experience future systems failures and delays. Although we currently maintain and expect to maintain multiple computer facilities designed to provide redundancy and back-up to reduce the risk of system disruptions, such systems and facilities may prove inadequate. If trading volumes increase unexpectedly or other unanticipated events occur, we may need to expand and upgrade our technology, transaction processing systems, and network infrastructure. We must continue to introduce new products, initiatives, and enhancements to maintain our competitive position. If we fail to generate adequate revenue from planned system platforms or the adoption of new technologies, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We face intense competition in our market technology, information services, and corporate services businesses from other market participants. Our role in the global marketplace may place us at greater risk for a cyberattack. Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from security breaches. We may be more likely than other companies to be a direct target, or an indirect casualty, of such events. Any system issue that causes an interruption in services, decreases the responsiveness of our services, or otherwise affects our services could impair our reputation, damage our brand name, and negatively impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. We must continue to enhance our platforms to remain competitive as well as to address our regulatory responsibilities, and our business will be negatively affected if our platforms or the technology solutions we sell to our customers fail to function as expected. We have disaster recovery and business continuity plans and capabilities for critical systems and business functions to mitigate the risk of an interruption. Any interruption in our critical business functions or systems could negatively impact our financial condition and operating results. We are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, counterparties, and clearing agents. We clear or stand as riskless principal to a range of equity-related and fixed-income-related derivative products, commodities, and resale and repurchase agreements. We assume the counterparty risk for all transactions that are cleared through our markets and guarantee that our cleared contracts will be honored. We enforce minimum financial and operational criteria for membership eligibility, require members and investors to provide collateral, and maintain established risk policies and procedures to ensure that the counterparty risks are properly monitored and proactively managed. We are subject to risks relating to our operation of a clearinghouse, including counterparty and liquidity risks, risk of defaults by clearing members, and risks associated with the adequacy of the customer margin and of default funds. Our clearinghouse operations expose us to counterparties with differing risk profiles. We may not be able to address these risks successfully, or at all, without incurring significant costs, delays, or other operating problems that could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.