Our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows are subject to various risks that may cause actual performance to differ materially from historical or projected future performance. Significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs and U.S. government funding may negatively impact our business and programs. The uncertain political environment and substantial fiscal and economic challenges affect funding for discretionary and non-discretionary budgets, which could have long-term implications for our company and the entire defense industry. We face risks related to geopolitical and economic factors, laws and regulations, and changes in customer priorities that could adversely affect our ability to conduct business in international markets. Our business could be negatively impacted by cyber and other security threats or disruptions, which could damage our reputation and lead to financial liabilities. Disruptions or performance problems caused by our subcontractors and suppliers could adversely affect our ability to meet our commitments to customers. We are subject to various investigations, claims, disputes, and legal proceedings that could divert financial and management resources and harm our ability to obtain and retain awards. Our operations are subject to and affected by a variety of federal, state, local, and foreign environmental laws and regulations, which require significant operating and capital costs. Natural disasters could adversely affect our profitability and overall financial position, and our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all significant risks. We provide products and services related to hazardous and high-risk operations, which subjects us to various environmental, regulatory, financial, reputational, and other risks. The occurrence and impact of these factors are difficult to predict, but one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Our ability to win new competitions and meet customer needs depends on our ability to maintain a qualified workforce, which is heavily dependent upon our ability to attract and retain personnel with requisite skills. Failure to meet our contractual obligations could adversely affect our profitability, reputation, and future prospects. We are engaged in remediation activities relating to environmental conditions that could result in additional costs, fines, penalties, and non-monetary relief. Our business is subject to disruption caused by natural disasters, and our insurance coverage may be unavailable or inadequate to cover all significant risks. We face various risks associated with doing business globally, including changes in laws, regulations, political leadership, and environmental factors. The impact of these various factors is difficult to predict, but they could result in the loss of information or capabilities, harm to individuals or property, and damage to our reputation. Our ability to develop new products and technologies depends on continued funding for research and development projects and our ability to provide the necessary resources to deliver those products and services. Changes in future business conditions could cause business investments and recorded goodwill to become impaired, resulting in substantial losses. The ultimate resolution of claims and disputes may vary materially from earlier estimates as further facts and circumstances develop.