The risks set forth in the following risk factors could have a materially adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter, and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. Significant governmental legislation and regulation over commercial, operating, and environmental matters could affect us, our customers, and the markets we serve. Railroads are also subject to the enactment of laws by Congress and regulation by the DOT and the DHS, which regulate most aspects of our operations related to safety and security. The risk of incurring environmental liability is inherent in the railroad business. Environmental problems that are latent or undisclosed may exist on these properties, and we could incur environmental liabilities or costs, the amount and materiality of which cannot be estimated reliably at this time. Moreover, lawsuits and claims involving other unidentified environmental sites and matters are likely to arise from time to time. Severe weather conditions and other natural phenomena may cause significant business interruptions and result in increased costs, increased liabilities, and decreased revenues. We may be affected by terrorism or war, which could cause significant business interruption. Our ability to provide rail service to customers in the U.S. and Canada depends in large part upon our ability to maintain collaborative relationships with connecting carriers. Deterioration in the operations of or service provided by connecting carriers could result in our inability to meet our customers' demands or require us to use alternate train routes, which could result in significant additional costs and network inefficiencies. We rely on technology and technology improvements in our business operations. If we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, we could experience a service interruption, a security breach, or other operational difficulties. We also face cybersecurity threats which may result in breaches of systems, or compromises of sensitive data, which may result in an inability to access or operate systems necessary for conducting operations and providing customer service. Our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations concerning emissions to the air; discharges to waterways or groundwater supplies; handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of waste and other materials; and the cleanup of hazardous material or petroleum releases. We may be affected by supply constraints resulting from disruptions in the fuel markets or the nature of some of our supplier markets. Changes in the competitive landscapes of these limited supplier markets could result in increased prices or significant shortages of materials. Our goal is to maintain a capital structure with appropriate leverage to support our business strategy and provide flexibility through business cycles. The execution of the initiatives in our strategic plan allowed us to achieve records for income from railway operations and railway operating ratio for the year. We continued our focus on improving the efficiency of our operations and utilization of our assets, allowing us to reduce our operating expenses in the face of a revenue decline. We may be affected by general economic conditions, and prolonged negative changes in domestic and global economic conditions could affect the producers and consumers of the commodities we carry. Volatility in energy prices could have a significant effect on demand for transportation services. Our operations are exposed to various claims and litigation that could result in significant expenditures. The variability inherent in this system could result in actual costs being different from the liability recorded. We have obtained insurance for potential losses for third-party liability and first-party property damages; however, insurance is available from a limited number of insurers and may not continue to be available or, if available, may not be obtainable on terms acceptable to us.