Our operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions, which could affect adversely our business and for which we may not be adequately insured. Our operations are subject to all of the risks and hazards typically associated with the operation of natural gas and NGL gathering, transportation and distribution pipelines, storage facilities and processing and fractionation facilities, which include, but are not limited to, leaks, pipeline ruptures, the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes and the performance of facilities below expected levels of capacity and efficiency. Other operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions include adverse weather conditions, accidents, explosions, fires, the collision of equipment with our pipeline facilities and catastrophic events such as tornados, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, and other similar events beyond our control. We may experience material impacts on our business, results of operations, financial position, cash flows and liquidity due to adverse global or regional economic and market conditions. Our ability to maintain or expand our businesses depends largely on the level of drilling and production by third parties in the regions in which we operate, which may be impacted by factors beyond our control, including demand and prices for natural gas, NGLs and crude oil, producers' access to capital, and capacity constraints on natural gas, crude oil and NGL infrastructure. We expect to continue to evaluate opportunities to increase the capacity of our gathering, fractionation, storage and distribution assets or construct new assets to connect supply growth from the Williston and Powder River basins with end-use markets. Our growth strategy is focused around connecting diversified supply basins from the Rocky Mountain region through the mid-continent region and the Permian Basin with NGL product demand from the petrochemical industry and NGL export demand in the Gulf Coast. We are exposed to the risk of loss resulting from nonpayment and/or nonperformance by our customers and counterparties, and our credit-risk management may not be adequate to protect against such risk. Our businesses are dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. If any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could affect adversely our business and results of operations. We believe that we have robust information security procedures and other safeguards in place, but as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures. Our operations are subject to federal and state laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, which may expose us to significant costs and liabilities. The risk of incurring substantial environmental costs and liabilities is inherent in our business. We may face significant costs to comply with the regulation of GHG emissions, and various federal and state legislative proposals have been introduced to regulate the emission of GHGs. We believe it is likely that future governmental legislation and/or regulation may require us to limit GHG emissions associated with our operations, pay additional taxes or to purchase allowances for such emissions. Our future results of operations, financial position or cash flows could be affected adversely if such costs are not recovered or otherwise passed on to our customers. Our business is subject to regulatory oversight and potential penalties, and compliance with these requirements can be costly and burdensome. We may not be able to renew existing insurance policies or purchase other desirable insurance on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. The continued development of supply sources outside of our operating regions could impact demand for our services, and increased production in certain areas may cause natural gas and NGLs in supply areas connected to our systems to be diverted to markets other than our traditional market areas.