Our future performance is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including deteriorating economic conditions that may adversely impact demand for our products and reduce access to credit. The economic health of our customers is affected by many factors, including general business conditions and consumer confidence, which could lead to a decreased level of demand for our products. Economic conditions may result in financial difficulties leading to restructurings, bankruptcies, and other unfavorable events for our customers and suppliers. The automotive aftermarket business is highly competitive, and we may have to risk our capital to remain competitive. Our business is sensitive to national and regional economic and weather conditions, which could impact our costs and sales. Unusually inclement weather has historically discouraged customers from visiting our stores, thereby reducing sales. We believe that our ability to open additional profitable stores at a high growth rate will be a significant factor in achieving our growth objectives, which depend on matters beyond our control, such as weather conditions and general business and economic conditions. Our success has been largely dependent on the efforts of certain key personnel, and we must continue to motivate employees and keep them focused on our strategies and goals. A change in the relationship with any of our key suppliers or the unavailability of our key products could affect our financial health. Our business depends on developing and maintaining close relationships with our suppliers, and financial or operational difficulties that our suppliers may face could increase the cost of the products we purchase. The trend toward consolidation among automotive parts suppliers may disrupt our relationships and lead to less competition. Business interruptions in our distribution centers or other facilities may affect our ability to deliver inventory to our stores, resulting in lost sales or a potential loss of customer loyalty. We rely extensively on our computer systems to manage inventory and process transactions, and any damage or interruption to these systems could negatively impact revenue. Failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality may reduce our brand value and negatively impact our business. Our business involves the storage of information about our customers and suppliers, and significant data security breaches could damage our reputation. We are subject to various legal proceedings that may adversely affect our business and financial condition. Our ability to operate effectively in international markets could be impacted by local laws and political conditions. We believe that cash expected to be provided by operating activities will be sufficient to fund both our short-term and long-term capital needs. Our liquidity and related ratios indicate an increase in current assets and total debt, which may affect our financial health. We expect to continue to make acquisitions as an element of our growth strategy, but these acquisitions involve risks that could cause our actual growth and profitability to differ from our expectations. Our contractual obligations include commitments for short and long-term debt arrangements, future payments under operating leases, and self-insurance reserves. We have not entered into off-balance sheet arrangements for over 10 years and do not plan to utilize such arrangements in the future. The preparation of our financial statements requires the application of certain estimates and judgments by management, which could materially impact our financial condition.