The company's business is highly sensitive to global and national economic conditions as well as economic conditions in the industries and markets it serves. Negative economic conditions and outlook can materially weaken demand for the company's equipment and services. Unexpected events, including natural disasters, may increase the company's cost of doing business or disrupt the company's or its suppliers' operations. The recent outbreak of the coronavirus "COVID-19" in China has resulted in work stoppages at certain suppliers in China that are part of the company's supply chain. If the work stoppages were to be prolonged or expanded in scope, there could be resulting supply shortages which could impact the company's ability to deliver trucks and parts to customers on schedule and have an adverse effect on the company's revenues and profits. The company relies on information technology systems and networks to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of its business processes and activities. These computer systems and networks may be subject to disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components; power outages; hardware failures; computer viruses; or outside parties attempting to disrupt the company's business or gain unauthorized access to the company's electronic data. The company maintains and continues to invest in protections to guard against such events. Despite these safeguards, there remains a risk of system disruptions, unauthorized access and data loss. If the company's computer systems were to be damaged, disrupted or breached, it could impact data availability and integrity, result in a theft of the company's intellectual property or lead to unauthorized disclosure of confidential information of the company's customers, suppliers and employees. Security breaches could also result in a violation of U.S. and international privacy and other laws and subject the company to various litigations and governmental proceedings. The company routinely monitors its financial exposure to global financial conditions, global counterparties and operating environments. The company believes its cash balances and investments, collections on existing finance receivables, committed bank facilities, and current investment-grade credit ratings will continue to provide it with sufficient resources and access to capital markets at competitive interest rates and therefore contribute to the company maintaining its liquidity and financial stability. The company has developed a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events, reconstitute the trajectories in immediate response to the event, and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future. The company continues to add global distribution capacity to deliver industry-leading aftermarket parts availability to customers. The company is investing for long-term growth in aerodynamic truck models, integrated powertrains including diesel, electric, hybrid and hydrogen fuel cell technologies, advanced driver assistance systems, digital services and next-generation manufacturing and distribution capabilities. The company expects to fund its maturing financial services debt obligations principally from funds provided by collections from customers on loans and lease contracts, as well as from the proceeds of commercial paper and medium-term note borrowings. The company believes its various sources of liquidity, including committed bank facilities, would continue to provide it with sufficient funding resources to service its maturing debt obligations. The company is involved in various stages of investigations and cleanup actions in different countries related to environmental matters. The company has accrued the estimated costs to investigate and complete cleanup actions where it is probable that the company will incur such costs in the future.