The organization’s ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is critical. We face significant competition in the wholesale energy and capacity markets, which may adversely affect our ability to make investments or sales on favorable terms and achieve our business objectives. Our focus is on enhancing reliability and resiliency of our transmission and distribution system, meeting customer expectations, and supporting public policy objectives by investing capital in infrastructure and clean energy programs. Our planned capital spending for transmission is aimed at maintaining and enhancing system integrity and grid reliability, addressing an aging transmission infrastructure, leveraging technology to improve operations, and meeting environmental requirements. The successful construction and development of projects depend on obtaining necessary governmental and regulatory approvals, community support, and completing projects within budgets. We strive to improve performance and reduce costs to optimize cash flow generation from our fleet in light of low wholesale power and gas prices, environmental considerations, and competitive market forces that reward efficiency and reliability. Our investments have altered our business mix to reflect a higher percentage of earnings contribution by our utility segment, which focuses on operational excellence and financial strength. We continually assess a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term stockholder value, including investments in capital improvements and additions, which enhance the resiliency of our infrastructure. Our market positions can be adversely affected by volatility in energy markets, which depends on various factors including weather, supply and demand imbalances, and customer migration. The introduction or expansion of technologies related to energy generation and changes in customer usage patterns could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We are exposed to risks of equipment failures, accidents, severe weather events, or other incidents that could disrupt our ability to provide safe and reliable service. Identifying and correcting issues may require significant time and expense, and we may choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of restarting it. Our nuclear units have a diversified portfolio of contracts and inventory that provide a substantial portion of our fuel raw material needs over the next several years. However, operational risks could lead to reduced earnings if a unit needs to be shut down or operated at less than full capacity. We are subject to numerous federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations that may significantly limit or affect our businesses, adversely impacting our business plans or exposing us to significant environmental fines and liabilities. Our financial strength is predicated on a solid balance sheet, positive operating cash flow, and reasonable risk-adjusted returns on increased investment. We expect to maintain sufficient liquidity and solid investment-grade credit ratings to fund our planned capital requirements. Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance while responding to regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business.