The statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. Our disclosure and analysis in this 2019 Form 10-K and in our 2019 annual report to shareholders contain forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as "will," "may," "could," "likely," "ongoing," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe," "assume," "target," "forecast," "guidance," "goal," "objective," "aim," "seek," and other words and terms of similar meaning. The anticipated impact of patent expiries on our business, the expected competition from certain generic manufacturers, and the anticipated costs related to our preparations for Brexit are among the factors that could affect our operational flexibility and resilience. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical. We note that the global economic environment has not had, nor do we anticipate that it will have, a material impact on our liquidity or capital resources, although we continuously monitor our liquidity position in the face of evolving economic conditions. The ongoing investments in new product introductions and in R&D for new products and existing product extensions could exceed corresponding sales growth, affecting our organizational effectiveness. The risks related to our commercialization of biosimilars include potential for steeper than anticipated price erosion due to increased competitive intensity, coupled with intellectual property challenges that may preclude timely commercialization of our potential biosimilar products. Our strategies in emerging markets may not be successful, and these countries may not continue to sustain growth rates, which could impact our organizational health. We have been experiencing shortages of products from the legacy Hospira portfolio, largely driven by capacity constraints, technical issues, supplier quality concerns, or unanticipated increases in demand, which could negatively impact our financial results. We rely heavily on third-party collaborators and service providers for multiple aspects of our drug development, manufacturing, and commercialization activities, and any disruption in these relationships could delay or prevent the development, approval, manufacturing, or commercialization of our products. The success of our strategic acquisitions will depend on our ability to realize anticipated benefits from combining these businesses with Pfizer, and we may fail to achieve cost savings anticipated with certain of these acquisitions or experience delays. Our ability to realize value on significant investments in intangible assets is often contingent upon regulatory approvals and market acceptance. The nature of the biopharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects to achieve a successful portfolio of approved products. We may not be able to receive or maintain favorable recommendations by technical or advisory committees, which could impact the use of our vaccines. Our ongoing investments in innovation and overall productivity in R&D are intended to achieve a sustainable pipeline that is positioned to deliver value in the near term and over time, although these strategies may not deliver the desired results. We continue to strengthen our global R&D organization to enhance our resilience strategies and mechanisms for recovery in the face of adversity.