We are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify, understand, and manage the risks presented by our business activities so that we can appropriately balance revenue generation and profitability. The ability of borrowers to repay loans is often weakened as a result of economic downturns. Such economic conditions may lead to turmoil and volatility in financial markets, often with at least some financial asset categories losing value. The impact of government legislation, regulation, and policy and other political factors on the economy could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. Changes in law or governmental policy affecting the economy, business activity, or personal spending may cause consumers and businesses to alter behavior in ways that impact demand for our products and services. We are also vulnerable to the impact of brexit on our customers with significant business or operations in the united kingdom or elsewhere in the european union. Our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our resiliency planning. We design our business continuity and other information and technology risk management programs to manage our capabilities to provide services in the case of an event resulting in material disruptions of business activities affecting our employees, facilities, technology, or suppliers. We regularly seek to test the effectiveness of and enhance these policies, procedures, and systems. Our enterprise risk management framework is structurally aligned with enhanced prudential standards that establish minimum requirements for the design and implementation of a risk management framework. Our risk culture reinforces the appropriate protocols for responsible and ethical behavior. Managing risk is every employee's responsibility. All employees are responsible for understanding our enterprise risk appetite statement, the erm framework, and how risk management applies to their respective roles and responsibilities. We employ a comprehensive risk management governance framework to help ensure that risks are identified, balanced decisions are made that consider risk and return, and risks are adequately monitored and managed. Our operational risk management framework is designed to provide effective and consistent management of operational risk. The operational risk domains provide a comprehensive view of operational risk and allow us to discuss operational risk in a standard way, facilitating reporting and ongoing risk mitigation. We utilize operational risk management programs within the framework, including risk control and self-assessments, scenario analysis, and internal and external loss event review and analysis, to assess existing risks, determine potential/emerging risks, and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. Our approach to identifying environmental and social risks is regularly reviewed by senior management and overseen by our board of directors. We continue to refine our approach as banking conditions, regulatory requirements, investors' perspectives, and our strategic direction evolve. Our ability to protect confidential or proprietary information is even more limited with respect to information held by third parties. We maintain and process vast amounts of information about us, our customers, and our employees. The highly sensitive information includes information sufficient to support identity theft and personal health information, as well as information regarding our business plans and financial performance that has not been made public. Our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of operational failures is in part dependent on the quality of our business continuity planning, our ability to understand threats to us from a holistic perspective, and our ability to anticipate the timing and nature of any such event that occurs.