We have significant exposure to real estate risk, including natural disasters or terrorist attacks that could cause damage to our facilities, resulting in increased costs and reduced revenues. The consequences of climate change, including severe weather events, could result in increased capital expenditures, increased expenses, and reduced revenues. Our ability to raise capital to fund our activities may be adversely affected by challenging market conditions, which could limit prospective earnings growth through expanding our asset base. We face significant competition for suitable acquisition properties from other real estate investors, which may adversely affect our growth and financial results. Failures or unexpected circumstances in integrating facilities that we acquire could jeopardize the realization of anticipated earnings from an acquisition. We believe that our centralized information networks, national telephone and online reservation system, and economies of scale enable us to meet challenges effectively. Our self-storage operations generate most of our net income, and we believe that our earnings growth is most impacted by the level of organic growth in our existing self-storage portfolio. We continue to develop new self-storage facilities and expand our existing self-storage facilities, which may negatively impact the revenues of our existing facilities. We are subject to various risks, including environmental contamination, which could result in significant liabilities. Our revenues and operating cash flow can be negatively impacted by reductions in employment and population levels, household and disposable income, and other general economic factors that lead to a reduction in demand for rental space. We are heavily dependent on computer systems, telecommunications, and the internet to process transactions and manage our business, and disruptions could significantly harm our operations. We must continually evaluate and adapt our systems and processes to address evolving threats, including cybersecurity risks. Our operations could be severely impacted by natural disasters, terrorist attacks, or other circumstances that result in significant outages of our systems. We are subject to various legal and regulatory actions that may divert management's time and attention, require us to pay damages and expenses, or restrict our business operations. The impact of legal claims and regulatory enforcement actions could negatively affect our operating results and cash flow. We believe that our geographic diversification and scale across major metropolitan markets provide some insulation from localized economic effects and enhance the stability of our cash flows. Our development pipeline is subject to various constraints, including difficulty in finding available sites that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations and challenges in obtaining building permits. We expect our capital needs to increase as we add projects to our development pipeline and acquire additional properties. We have a development pipeline to develop new self-storage facilities and expand existing facilities, which will add significant net rentable square footage. Our capital expenditures are expected to include projects that improve customer satisfaction and reduce operating costs. We have experienced increased competition for self-storage space, which may impact our occupancy levels and rental rates. The level of consumer demand, competition from newly developed and existing facilities, and local and state laws can limit our ability to increase rents. We continue to take actions to improve demand, including increasing marketing spend and offering lower rental rates to attract new customers.