Our operating results and future rate of growth are exposed to the effects of changing commodity prices and refining, marketing, and petrochemical margins. The prices of feedstocks and our products fluctuate substantially, which can reduce refining margins and could have a significant impact on our refining, wholesale marketing, and retail operations, revenues, operating income, and cash flows. We have systems in place to manage potential acute physical risks, but if any such events were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our assets and operations. We and our joint ventures have incurred, and will continue to incur, costs to protect our assets from physical risks and to employ processes, to the extent available, to mitigate such risks. Our operations are subject to business interruptions due to scheduled refinery turnarounds, unplanned maintenance, or unplanned events such as explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases, or other incidents, power outages, severe weather, labor disputes, or other natural or man-made disasters. The inability to operate one or more of our facilities due to any of these events could significantly impair our ability to manufacture our products. We strive to attract, develop, and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy and who support our values and culture. Continuous improvement in safety, environmental stewardship, reliability, and cost efficiency is a fundamental requirement for our company and employees. We employ rigorous training and audit programs to drive ongoing improvement in both personal and process safety as we strive for zero incidents. Our commitment to operating excellence guides everything we do. We are committed to protecting the health and safety of everyone who has a role in our operations and the communities in which we operate. Our strategy focuses on investing in growth opportunities in the midstream and chemicals segments. We plan to enhance refining returns by increasing throughput of advantaged feedstocks, improving yields, portfolio optimization, and an ongoing commitment to operating excellence. We believe shareholder value is enhanced through consistent growth of regular dividends, complemented by share repurchases. We have systems in place to manage potential acute physical risks, but if any such events were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our assets and operations. The potential physical effects of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain and depend upon the unique geographic and environmental factors present. We have incurred and will continue to incur costs to protect our assets from physical risks and to employ processes, to the extent available, to mitigate such risks. We cannot predict the extent to which any such legislation or regulation will be enacted and, if so, what its provisions would be. Our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses. Failure to manage risks associated with business interruptions could adversely impact our operations, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. These laws and regulations continue to increase in both number and complexity and affect our operations. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations. Our business is subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. We regularly assess the need for financial recognition or disclosure of these contingencies. We believe it is remote that future costs related to known contingent liability exposures will exceed current accruals by an amount that would have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements.