Our business is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including operational hazards that can result in significant liabilities and may be exacerbated by certain geographies and locations where we perform services. We perform a significant amount of services for customers that operate electrical power, natural gas, and communications infrastructure assets in areas that have recently experienced, and have a higher risk of, wildfires. The operational hazards we encounter include electricity, fires, explosions, leaks, collisions, mechanical failures, and damage from severe weather conditions and natural disasters. Our ability to efficiently manage our business and achieve our strategic initiatives is limited by our ability to employ, train, and retain the necessary skilled personnel, which is subject to a number of risks. The cyclical nature of the natural gas and oil industry can create shortages of qualified labor during periods of high demand and production. Our business is dependent in part upon projects that can be cyclical in nature and are subject to risks of delay or cancellation. The timing of or failure to obtain contracts, delays in awards of, start dates for, or completion of projects can result in significant periodic fluctuations in our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We also face difficulties collecting payment and sometimes fail to receive payment for costs incurred in circumstances where our customers do not proceed to project completion, terminate or cancel a contract, or default on their payment obligations. Our exposure to liability can extend for a number of years after we complete our services, and potential claims and liabilities arising from significant accidents and events can take years and significant legal costs to resolve. Our operations are inherently hazardous and subject to extensive laws and regulations relating to the maintenance of safe conditions in the workplace. While we have invested substantial resources in our occupational health and safety programs, we anticipate that our operations may result in additional serious accidents in the future. Our business is labor-intensive, and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees or incur significant costs in the event we are unable to efficiently manage our workforce. The loss of key management personnel, as well as our inability to attract, develop, and retain qualified employees that can succeed key personnel, could negatively impact our ability to manage our business. We are also subject to various environmental laws and regulations, including those dealing with the handling and disposal of waste products, which can result in significant liabilities. Our financial performance is subject to fluctuation due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. We expect demand for electricity in North America to grow over the long term and believe that certain segments of the North American electric power grid are not adequate to efficiently serve the power needs of the future. Our ability to capitalize on available opportunities is limited by our ability to employ, train, and retain the necessary skilled personnel, and we are taking proactive steps to develop our workforce. We believe potential acquisition and investment opportunities exist in our industries and adjacent industries, primarily due to the highly fragmented and evolving nature of those industries and the inability of many companies to expand and modernize due to capital or liquidity constraints. Our business growth could outpace the capability of our decentralized management structure, which may negatively impact our ability to effectively coordinate and execute business strategies.