The risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report are important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historical results. Adverse worldwide economic or other conditions could reduce the demand for cruises and passenger spending, adversely impacting our operating results, cash flows, and financial condition including potentially impairing the value of our ships and other assets. Given the global nature of our business, we are exposed to many different economies and our business could be hurt by challenging conditions in any of our markets. Any significant deterioration of international, national, or local economic conditions, including those resulting from geopolitical events and/or international disputes, could result in a prolonged period of booking slowdowns, depressed cruise prices, and/or reduced onboard revenues. Events such as terrorist attacks, war, and other hostilities could have a negative impact on our results of operations. We are susceptible to a wide range of adverse events which could also result in additional security measures taken by local authorities, potentially impacting access to ports and/or destinations. Our operating costs could increase due to market forces and economic or geopolitical factors beyond our control. We are exposed to market risk attributable to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, fuel prices, and interest rates, which could affect our financial results. Significant changes in any of these factors could have a material impact on our financial results. The value of our earnings in foreign currencies is adversely impacted by a strong United States dollar. Additionally, any significant increase in fuel prices could materially and adversely affect our business as fuel prices impact our fuel costs and other expenses. Regulatory changes may also adversely affect our portfolio of floating-rate debt and interest rate derivatives. Operating internationally exposes us to a number of risks, including volatile local political conditions and potential changes in duties and taxes. Our future growth strategies increasingly depend on the growth and sustained profitability of certain international markets. We must adhere to policies designed to promote legal and regulatory compliance, but we might not be successful in ensuring that our employees and third parties adhere to them. The uncertainty during the transition period following the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union could lead to adverse effects on the economy, making it more difficult to source passengers from these regions. Changes in U.S. foreign travel policy could result in the imposition of travel restrictions, potentially decreasing our revenue and increasing our operating costs. Significant weather, climate events, and natural disasters could adversely impact our business and results from operations, potentially leading to travel restrictions and guest cancellations. Disease outbreaks could cause a drop in demand for cruises and guest cancellations, impacting our overall financial performance. We may lose business to competitors throughout the vacation market, and our revenues are sensitive to the actions of other cruise lines. Our reliance on travel agencies to sell and market our cruises exposes us to risks that could adversely impact our business. Disruptions in our shoreside or shipboard operations or our information systems may adversely affect our results of operations. Our success depends on the skills and contributions of key executives and other employees, and any loss of key personnel could adversely affect our results of operations. We rely on supply chain vendors and third-party service providers who are integral to our operations, and any event impacting a vendor's ability to deliver goods could negatively impact our ability to deliver our cruise experience. Our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems, and if we are unable to keep pace with developments in technology, our operations or competitive position could become impaired. We are exposed to cybersecurity attacks and data breaches, which could adversely affect our business. The potential unavailability of insurance coverage or an inability to obtain insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Environmental regulations could increase our direct costs to operate in certain markets and may also impact us by increasing our operating costs.