Our indebtedness may affect our business and may restrict our operating flexibility. Our ability to make scheduled principal payments of, to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness and to satisfy our other debt obligations will depend upon our future operating performance, which may be affected by factors beyond our control. Our ability to meet the financial covenants or requirements in our credit facility may be affected by events beyond our control, and we may not be able to satisfy such covenants and requirements. A breach of these covenants or our inability to comply with the financial ratios, tests or other restrictions contained in our facility could result in an event of default under this facility. If we are unable to service our indebtedness, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. Our international operations are subject to varying degrees of risk inherent in doing business outside the U.S., including adverse changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions, oil price volatility, trade protection measures, tariffs, and import or export requirements. Our growth strategy includes acquisitions, and we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates, complete acquisitions or integrate acquisitions successfully. Difficulties encountered with acquisitions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our technology is important to our success, and our failure to protect this technology could put us at a competitive disadvantage. Our business exposes us to product liability risks in the design, manufacture and distribution of our products. A successful product liability or other claim or series of claims brought against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We face intense competition from numerous competitors, and if we do not compete effectively, our business may suffer. We rely on information and technology for many of our business operations, which could fail and cause disruption to our business operations. A shutdown of, or inability to access, one or more of our facilities, a power outage or a failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. If sustained or repeated, such a business interruption, system failure, service denial or data loss and damage could result in a deterioration of our ability to perform necessary business functions. Cyber-attacks and similar acts could lead to interruptions and delays in customer processing or a loss or breach of customers' data. Regulatory authorities around the world have adopted and are considering further adoption of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection and data privacy. Any security breaches for which we are, or are perceived to be, responsible could subject us to legal claims or legal proceedings, including regulatory investigations, which could harm our reputation and result in significant litigation costs. Changes in the supply of, or price for, raw materials, parts and components used in our products could affect our business. Our operations and properties are subject to laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including air emissions, water discharges, waste management and workplace safety. We must conform our operations and properties to these laws and adapt to regulatory requirements in the countries in which we operate as these requirements change. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, costs relating to compliance with environmental laws and regulations. Our business is subject to changes in the economy, and a downturn in certain markets could materially adversely affect us. A prolonged economic slowdown or recession could reduce the demand for our products, and therefore, negatively affect our future sales and profits. Recent significant changes to our executive leadership team could harm our operating results, as leadership transitions and changes can be inherently difficult to manage and may cause uncertainty or disruption to our business.