Our annual report on form 10-K for fiscal 2019 may contain forward-looking statements with respect to anticipated future events, including the rapidly developing challenges with and our plans and responses to the COVID-19 pandemic and related economic disruptions, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements. The COVID-19 pandemic is severely and adversely affecting our sales and our operations, and will have serious adverse effects on our business and financial condition. We are monitoring the situation and will reopen stores as conditions permit; however, extended or further closures may be required nationally, regionally, or in specific locations. This significant reduction in customer visits to our stores will result in a loss of sales and profits and have material adverse effects on our financial condition. The extent of the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and financial results will depend largely on future developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak within the U.S., the response by all levels of government in their efforts to contain the outbreak and to mitigate the economic disruptions, and the related impact on consumer confidence and spending. Our success depends on our ability to effectively buy and resell merchandise that meets customer demand. We work on an ongoing basis to identify customer trends and preferences, and to obtain merchandise inventory to meet anticipated customer needs. Our ability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape is critical, as intense pressures from our competitors could reduce demand for our merchandise. Unexpected changes in the level of consumer spending could adversely affect us. We must effectively manage our inventories, markdowns, and inventory shortage to achieve our planned gross margins. We depend on the market availability, quantity, and quality of attractive brand name merchandise at desirable discounts, and on the ability of our buyers to purchase merchandise to enable us to offer customers a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices. Our operational strategies are designed to take advantage of the expanding market share of the off-price industry as well as the ongoing customer demand for name brand fashions at compelling discounts. We are currently making, and will continue to make, significant technology investments to improve or replace information processes and systems that are key to managing our business. Disruptions in our supply chain or in our information systems could impact our ability to process sales and to deliver product to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner. The COVID-19 pandemic and related economic disruptions are creating significant uncertainty and challenges. We believe that existing cash balances, cash flows from operations, bank credit lines, and trade credit are adequate to meet our near-term operating cash needs and capital investments; however, further prolonged and extensive temporary store closures may require access to additional corporate credit markets. We must maintain sufficient liquidity to support our continuing operations, our new store and distribution center growth plans, and any resumption of our stock repurchase program. The situation is unprecedented and rapidly changing, and has unknown duration and severity. We are reducing our expense, inventory receipts, and capital expenditure plans to preserve our financial liquidity. The COVID-19 pandemic is impacting our ability to adequately staff our stores and our distribution, merchant, and other support operations, which could adversely affect our operational continuity and overall performance.