The risks described below and in other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Adverse changes in general business and economic conditions in the United States and worldwide may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Our business is sensitive to global and regional business and economic conditions. Adverse changes in such conditions may reduce the demand for some of our products and impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us, each of which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Higher inflation rates, interest rates, tax rates, and unemployment rates, higher labor and healthcare costs, recessions, changing governmental policies, laws and regulations, business disruptions due to cybersecurity incidents, terrorist activity, armed conflict, war, public health crises, fires or other natural disasters, and other economic factors could also adversely affect demand for some of our products, availability and cost of raw materials, and our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Global economic uncertainty continues to exist. A weakening or reversal of the general economic recovery in the United States and other countries and regions in which we do business, or the continuation or worsening of economic downturns may adversely impact our net sales, the collection of accounts receivable, funding for working capital needs, expected cash flow generation from current and acquired businesses, and our investments. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. We also depend on the business of our subsidiaries to satisfy our cash needs. Our subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities. Our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition may be negatively impacted if we do not successfully integrate future acquisitions into our existing operations and if the performance of the businesses we acquire does not meet our expectations. Risks and uncertainties associated with our expansion into and our operations in Asia, Europe, South America, and other foreign markets could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Our inability to successfully manage the risks and uncertainties relating to any of these factors could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. We are subject to a wide variety of complex domestic and foreign laws, rules, and regulations, for which compliance could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. The company's operations are subject to various domestic and foreign health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations. Management expects environmental laws and regulations to impose increasingly stringent requirements upon the company and the industry in the future. We continuously assess our potential liability for investigation and remediation activities and adjust our environmental-related accruals as information becomes available. The nature, cost, quantity, and outcome of pending and future litigation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, and financial condition. Our ability to generate cash, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors beyond our control. Our historical financial results have been, and we anticipate our future financial results will be, subject to fluctuations. The degree to which we are currently leveraged could have important consequences for shareholders, including increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions. The company has implemented various programs designed to protect the environment and promote continued compliance. The company's capital expenditures, depreciation, and other expenses related to ongoing environmental compliance measures were not material to the company's financial condition, liquidity, cash flow, or results of operations during the year.