The financial performance of southern company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if the subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate functions. There are many risks that could affect these operations and performance of corporate functions, including operator error or failure of equipment or processes, accidents, operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements, labor disputes, physical attacks, fuel or material supply interruptions and/or shortages, transmission disruption or capacity constraints, compliance with mandatory reliability standards, implementation of new technologies, information technology system failures, cyber intrusions, environmental events, and catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, floods, tornadoes, hurricanes, and other storms. The occurrence of any of these events not fully covered by insurance or otherwise could adversely affect southern company gas' and southern company's financial condition and results of operations. Physical attacks could impact the ability of the subsidiary registrants to operate and could adversely affect financial results and liquidity. Despite the implementation of robust security measures, all assets are potentially vulnerable to disability, failures, or unauthorized access due to human error, natural disasters, technological failure, or internal or external physical attacks. If assets were to fail, be physically damaged, or be breached and were not restored in a timely manner, the affected subsidiary registrant may be unable to fulfill critical business functions. An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, or the failure of one or more key IT systems, networks, or processes could impact the ability of the registrants to operate and could adversely affect financial results and liquidity. The southern company system may not be able to obtain adequate natural gas, fuel supplies, and other resources required to operate the traditional electric operating companies' and southern power's electric generating plants or serve southern company gas' natural gas customers. Disruption in the delivery of fuel could limit the ability of the traditional electric operating companies and southern power to operate certain facilities, which could result in higher fuel and operating costs and potentially reduce the net income of the affected traditional electric operating company or southern power. The registrants are subject to risks associated with a changing economic environment, customer behaviors, including increased energy conservation, and adoption patterns of technologies by the customers of the subsidiary registrants. Any economic downturn could negatively impact customer growth and usage per customer, thus reducing the sales of energy and revenues. The operating results of the registrants are affected by weather conditions and may fluctuate on a seasonal basis. Catastrophic events could result in substantial damage to or limit the operation of the properties of a subsidiary registrant and could negatively impact results of operation, financial condition, and liquidity. The businesses of the registrants require substantial expenditures for investments in new facilities and capital improvements to transmission, distribution, and generation facilities. These projects are long term in nature and may include the development and construction of facilities with designs that have not been finalized or previously constructed. The completion of these types of projects without delays or significant cost overruns is subject to substantial risks that have occurred or may occur, including shortages, delays, increased costs, or inconsistent quality of equipment, materials, and labor. If a subsidiary registrant is unable to complete the development or construction of a project or decides to delay or cancel construction of a project, it may not be able to recover its investment in that project and may incur substantial cancellation payments under equipment purchase orders or construction contracts. The registrants continually seek opportunities to create value through various transactions, including acquisitions or sales of assets, which may not result in anticipated benefits and may present risks not originally contemplated.