The company regularly assesses and takes steps to improve its existing business continuity plans and key management succession. A disaster on a significant scale or affecting certain of the company's key operating areas could materially interrupt business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, damaged client relationships, or legal liability. The company relies on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential, sensitive, and other types of data and information in its computer systems and networks and those of its third-party vendors. Breaches of the company's or its vendors' systems and networks may cause material interruptions or malfunctions in its websites, applications, or data processing, or may compromise the confidentiality and integrity of material information regarding the company, its business, or its customers. The company experiences cyber attacks of varying degrees on a regular basis, and while there has not been a cyber attack that has had a material adverse effect on the company to date, there can be no assurance that there will not be a material adverse effect in the future. The company’s ability to continue to operate will depend, in part, on the availability of personnel, office facilities, and the proper functioning of computer, telecommunication, and other related systems and operations. The company has outsourced certain functions to third-party service providers to leverage specialized capabilities and achieve cost efficiencies, which involves risks that the third-party service providers may not perform to the company's standards or legal requirements. The company relies heavily on network systems and the internet, and any failures or disruptions may adversely affect its ability to serve customers. The company has disaster recovery plans that include backup facilities for its primary data centers, but these systems are not always fully redundant, and its disaster planning may not always be sufficient or effective. The company is exposed to multiple risks associated with the global nature of its operations, including economic and political conditions around the world, inflation, fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates, and compliance with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations. The company’s operations are subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny, and changes in the legislative, regulatory, and commercial environments may materially and adversely impact its ability to collect, compile, use, and publish data. The financial services industry is highly regulated, rapidly evolving, and subject to the potential for increasing regulation, which could increase costs and negatively impact the company's business, financial condition, or results of operations. The company has made and expects to continue to make acquisitions or enter into other strategic transactions to strengthen its business and grow, which present significant challenges and risks. The company’s reputation, credibility, and brand are key competitive strengths, and negative perceptions or publicity could damage its reputation, which could negatively impact its ability to attract and retain customers, employees, and suppliers. The company’s strategy includes modernizing its workplace to improve end-user productivity and experience, enabling employees to innovate and better serve customers, and maintaining a strong commitment to quality while advancing a strong risk, internal control, and compliance environment.