When evaluating our company and its subsidiaries, you should consider carefully the following risk factors and all other information contained in this report. These risk factors could materially adversely affect our actual results and cause such results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. Our ability to pay dividends and to meet our debt and other obligations depends almost entirely on cash flows from our subsidiaries and equity method investments and, in the short term, our ability to raise capital from external sources. In difficult credit market environments, we may find it necessary to fund our operations and capital expenditures at a higher cost or we may be unable to raise as much funding as we need to support new or ongoing business activities. This could cause us to reduce non-safety related capital expenditures and could increase our cost of servicing debt, both of which could significantly reduce our short-term and long-term profitability. Our businesses are capital intensive and we rely significantly on long-term debt to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and repay outstanding debt, and on short-term borrowings to fund a portion of day-to-day business operations. Severe weather conditions, natural disasters, pandemics, accidents, equipment failures, explosions or acts of terrorism could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects. Such incidents could result in severe business disruptions, prolonged power outages, property damage, injuries or loss of life, significant decreases in revenues and earnings, and/or significant additional costs to us. The facilities and infrastructure that we own or in which we have interests may be subject to such incidents, which could negatively impact construction projects and our ability to provide natural gas and electricity to our customers. We are subject to additional risk due to uncertainty relating to the calculation of LIBOR and its potential discontinuance. The inability to access capital from our subsidiaries and entities accounted for as equity method investments as well from the capital markets could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, financial condition and prospects. Our businesses are subject to complex government regulations and tax requirements and may be materially adversely affected by these regulations or requirements or changes thereto. The electric power and natural gas industries are subject to complex government regulations that from time to time undergo significant changes on the federal, state and local levels. The failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to significant fines and penalties and result in the temporary or permanent shutdown of certain facilities and operations. Our operations are subject to rules relating to transactions among the California utilities and other Sempra Energy businesses, which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and/or prospects. The California utilities are subject to extensive regulation by state, federal and local legislative and regulatory authorities, which may materially adversely affect us. The wildfire legislation may not adequately protect SDG&E from liability from catastrophic wildfires in its service territory and we may be unable to obtain sufficient insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or at all. We monitor weather conditions continuously to help ensure the safe operation of our facilities during the periods of elevated wildfire ignition risk. Should conditions become extreme, we may de-energize certain of our facilities as a last resort to minimize this safety risk to the public. The occurrence of any of these events could affect demand for natural gas or electricity; cause unplanned outages; damage the California utilities' assets and/or operations; damage the assets and/or operations of third parties on which the California utilities rely; damage property owned by customers or others; and cause personal injury or death. As a result, the California utilities could incur costs to purchase replacement power, to repair assets and restore service, and to compensate third parties. Any such events could materially adversely affect Sempra Energy's and one or both of the California utilities' financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.