We recognize that most of these factors are beyond our ability to control and therefore we cannot predict an outcome. Adverse changes in medical costs, the U.S. securities markets, and interest rates could materially increase our benefit plan costs. Our costs to provide current benefits and funding for future benefits are subject to increases, primarily due to continuing increases in medical and prescription drug costs. Adverse changes in global financial markets could limit our ability and our larger customers' ability to access capital or increase the cost of capital needed to fund business operations. Volatility in the credit, currency, equity, and fixed income markets persisted due to continued uncertainty surrounding global growth rates. Uncertainty regarding ongoing U.S. tariffs on Chinese goods and vice versa, the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union, and other political developments in Europe and Asia could significantly affect global financial markets. Our international operations have increased our exposure to political instability, changes in the international economy, and the level of regulation on our business. We are exposed to restrictions on cash repatriation, foreign exchange controls, fluctuations in currency values, and changes in relationships between U.S. and foreign governments. Adverse regulations and rulings by the FCC relating to broadband, wireless deployment, and satellite video issues could impede our ability to manage our networks and recover costs. The continuing growth of IP-based services has created conflicting regulation between the FCC and various state and local authorities. Increased public focus on a variety of issues related to our operations has led to proposals or new legislation at state, federal, and foreign government levels to change or increase regulation on our operations. We must continually invest in our networks to improve our wireless, video, and broadband services to meet increasing demand and remain competitive. If we cannot acquire needed spectrum or deploy the services customers desire on a timely basis, our ability to attract and retain customers could be materially adversely affected. Our ability to respond will depend on continued improvement in network quality and customer service as well as effective marketing of attractive products and services. Ongoing changes in the television industry and consumer viewing patterns could materially adversely affect our operating results. We are taking steps to mitigate the risks from these changes, such as our launch of our HBO Max direct-to-consumer streaming platform and new advertising opportunities. Cyberattacks, equipment failures, natural disasters, and terrorist acts may materially adversely affect our operations. Our ability to maintain and upgrade our video programming depends on our ability to successfully deploy and operate video satellites. Our wired network is becoming increasingly reliant on software as it evolves to handle increasing demands for video transmission. Our ability to maintain and upgrade our networks or protect sensitive personal information of customers could result in significant expenses, potential legal liability, a loss of current or future customers, and reputation damage. We expect revenue growth in our wireless and broadband businesses as customers demand premium content and higher speeds made possible by our fiber network expansion and wireless network enhancements through 5G deployment. We expect to provide consumers with a broad variety of video entertainment services and anticipate that applications like video streaming will drive greater demand for broadband. We will continue to develop and provide unique integrated video, mobile, and broadband solutions.