The successful integration of bb&t's and suntrust's operations will depend substantially on the company's ability to successfully consolidate operations, management teams, corporate cultures, systems and procedures and to eliminate redundancies and costs. Truist anticipates further integration of systems, operations, and personnel over the next several years. The company has undertaken a number of strategic actions to enhance the credit quality and manage interest-rate sensitivity of its loan and lease portfolio. Management evaluates and, as necessary, adjusts the company's business strategy in the context of the current operating environment. Achieving key strategic objectives and established long-term financial goals is subject to many uncertainties and challenges, including managing the integration of systems and operations while safeguarding the company against external threats. Truist's risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss, and the company has established policies, processes, and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report, and analyze the types of risk to which it is subject. The company's risk management measures may not be fully effective in identifying and mitigating the company's risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that are unidentified or unanticipated. The ability to raise funding at competitive prices is affected by the rating agencies' views of the parent company's and Truist bank's credit quality, liquidity, capital, and earnings. Truist's liquidity could be impaired by an inability to access short-term funding, an unforeseen outflow of cash, or a reduction in credit ratings. The company has developed a contingency funding plan designed to ensure that liquidity sources are sufficient to meet ongoing obligations and commitments, particularly in the event of a liquidity contraction. Truist's framework aligns with those of the national institute of standards and technology, the international standards organization 27000 series, and the control objectives for information and related technology. The board devotes significant time and attention to its oversight of cybersecurity risk and approves related information security policies. Truist has built an organization with dedicated, skilled talent to sustain the cross-company partnerships needed to operationalize its cybersecurity strategy. The company conducts routine test simulation exercises designed to assess the viability of its crisis response and management programs and provide the basis for continuous improvement. Truist's risk management framework is designed to ensure that business strategies and objectives are executed in alignment with its risk appetite. The company maintains a liquid asset buffer of cash on hand and highly liquid unencumbered securities. Truist's ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. The company's credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held cannot be liquidated or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the company's exposure. The company has exposure to many different industries and counterparties and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial industry. The occurrence of catastrophic weather events or pandemics could adversely affect the company's financial condition or results of operations. Truist has significant operations and clients along the Gulf and Atlantic coasts, which could be adversely impacted by hurricanes, tornadoes, and other severe weather in those areas.