You should carefully consider the risks described below together with the other information set forth in this report, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and future results. We have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, delays or other complications in the design, manufacture, launch, and production ramp of our vehicles, energy products, and product features, or may not realize our manufacturing cost targets, which could harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Bottlenecks such as those we have experienced in the past with new product ramps and other unexpected challenges may also arise as we ramp production, and it will be important that we address them promptly while continuing to reduce our manufacturing costs. Our future business depends in large part on the high-volume production of model 3 and model y, which we believe are our vehicles with the largest markets. We will need to implement, maintain and/or ramp efficient and cost-effective manufacturing capabilities, processes and supply chains and achieve the design tolerances, high quality and maximum output rates we have planned. Concurrent with developing, launching and ramping our products, our success will depend on our ability to continue to significantly increase their sales, deliveries, installations and servicing worldwide, while allocating our available resources among multiple products simultaneously. We continuously evaluate, and as appropriate evolve, our retail operations and product offerings in order to maximize our reach and optimize our costs, vehicle line-up and model differentiation, and purchasing experience. However, there is no guarantee that each step in our evolving strategy will be perceived as intended by prospective customers accustomed to more traditional sales models. We may also experience similar future delays or other complications in launching and/or ramping production of new vehicles, such as tesla semi, cybertruck and the new tesla roadster, our energy storage products and the solar roof, as well as future features and services such as new autopilot or fsd features and the autonomous tesla ride-hailing network. We are also expanding our installation capabilities for the solar roof as we continue its manufacturing ramp by training both our own personnel and third-party installers. If we are not successful in growing this overall installation capability to keep pace with our increasing production, or if we experience unforeseen delays in the production ramp or inaccurately forecast demand for the solar roof, our operating results may be negatively impacted. We are subject to a variety of legal, political and regulatory requirements and social, environmental and economic conditions over which we have little control. We may experience increases in the cost of or a sustained interruption in the supply or shortage of materials. Any such increase, supply interruption or shortage could materially and negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. We are also expanding our installation capabilities for the solar roof as we continue its manufacturing ramp by training both our own personnel and third-party installers. If we are not successful in growing this overall installation capability to keep pace with our increasing production, or if we experience unforeseen delays in the production ramp or inaccurately forecast demand for the solar roof, our operating results may be negatively impacted. Our future growth and success is dependent upon consumers' willingness to adopt electric vehicles and specifically our vehicles. We operate in the automotive industry, which is generally susceptible to cyclicality and volatility. Our growth is highly dependent upon the worldwide adoption by consumers of alternative fuel vehicles in general and electric vehicles in particular. If the market for electric vehicles in general and tesla vehicles in particular does not develop as we expect, develops more slowly than we expect, or if demand for our vehicles decreases in our markets, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be harmed.