As a global payments technology company, we are subject to complex and evolving global regulations that could harm our business and financial results. The impact of these regulations on us, our clients, and other third parties could limit our ability to enforce our payments system rules and require us to adopt new rules or change existing rules. Complying with these and other regulations increases our costs and could reduce our revenue opportunities. If widely varying regulations come into existence worldwide, we may have difficulty rapidly adjusting our product offerings, services, fees, and other important aspects of our business in the regions where we operate. Our compliance programs and policies are designed to support our compliance with a wide array of regulations and laws, and we continually enhance our compliance programs as regulations evolve. However, we cannot guarantee that our practices will be deemed compliant by all applicable regulatory authorities. The evolving and increased regulatory focus on the payments industry could negatively impact or reduce the number of products our clients issue, the volume of payments we process, and our revenues. Increased scrutiny and regulation of the global payments industry could harm our business. We face intense competition in our industry, and as technology evolves, new competitors or methods of payment emerge. Our products compete with cash, checks, electronic funds, and alternative payment providers primarily focused on enabling payments through ecommerce and mobile channels. The global payments space is becoming more complex, and we face increasing competition from our clients, emerging payment providers, and technology companies that have developed payment systems enabled through online activity. Our ability to adapt to technological change and the proliferation of alternative types of payment services is crucial for maintaining our competitive advantage. We depend significantly on relationships with our financial institution clients and on their relationships with account holders and merchants to support our programs and services. Our success will increasingly depend on our ability to sustain and grow these relationships. We are also subject to central bank oversight in some markets, which could result in new governance, reporting, licensing, and capital requirements. The risks created by a new law, regulation, or regulatory outcome in one jurisdiction have the potential to be replicated and negatively affect our business in another jurisdiction. Our business relies on the processing of data in many jurisdictions, and legal requirements relating to the collection, storage, handling, and security of personal data continue to evolve. Significant uncertainty exists as privacy and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. Our ongoing efforts to comply with privacy and data protection laws may entail substantial expenses and could limit the services we are able to offer. We may be adversely affected by the outcome of litigation or investigations, despite certain protections that are in place. These actions are inherently uncertain, expensive, and disruptive to our operations. Our ability to effectively respond to these challenges and maintain operational continuity is critical for our organizational resilience. We must continuously assess our liquidity position and potential sources of supplemental liquidity in view of our operating performance and current economic conditions. Our financial institution clients and merchants can reassess their commitments to us at any time, which could harm our business and financial condition.