The following discussion of risks is designed to highlight what we believe are important factors to consider when evaluating our business and expectations. Cyber attacks impacting our networks or systems could have an adverse effect on our business, causing equipment failures, loss of information, and disruptions to our operations. The development and maintenance of systems to prevent such attacks is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating. While we have not been subject to material cyber attacks, the preventive actions we take may be insufficient to repel or mitigate the effects of a major cyber attack in the future. The inability to operate our networks and systems as a result of cyber attacks may result in significant expenses and loss of market share. Natural disasters, terrorist acts, or acts of war could cause damage to our infrastructure and result in significant disruptions to our operations. Our business operations are subject to interruption by power outages and natural disasters, which could cause significant damage to our infrastructure, resulting in degradation or disruption of service to our customers. We are implementing measures to protect our infrastructure and operations from the impacts of these events, but these measures may not be sufficient for all eventualities. We depend on key suppliers and vendors to provide equipment and services necessary for our operations. Disruption to the global supply chain could prevent us from providing products and services as requested by our customers. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on our network quality, capacity, coverage, and our development of new and enhanced products and services. We must adapt to future changes in technology and enhance our existing offerings to address our customers' changing demands. If we are unable to meet future challenges from competing technologies, we could lose customers. Adverse economic conditions could negatively affect the affordability and demand for our products and services, leading to a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Changes in the regulatory framework could adversely affect our business prospects or results of operations. We are subject to a substantial amount of litigation, which could require us to pay significant damages or settlements. Our significant debt could reduce our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our industries and market conditions, making us more vulnerable in the event of a downturn in our business. The costs of maintaining our benefit plans could reduce our profitability and increase our funding commitments. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical. We face significant competition that may reduce our profits, and our industries are rapidly changing as new technologies are developed. We must phase out outdated and unprofitable technologies and services while introducing new offerings to retain and attract customers. Our dependence on key suppliers and vendors may also impact our operational continuity and resilience in the face of disruptions.