This section highlights significant factors, events, and uncertainties that could create risk with an investment in our securities. Our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. We cannot assure you that we will achieve the economic benefit we expect from acquisitions, investment, development, and redevelopment opportunities. We are exposed to various operational risks with respect to our seniors housing operating properties that may increase our costs or adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. Any one or a combination of these factors may adversely affect our revenue and operations. We have entered into various joint ventures that were structured under the provisions of the REIT Investment Diversification and Empowerment Act of 2007 ("RIDEA"), which permits REITs to own or partially own "qualified health care properties" in a structure through which we can participate directly in the cash flow of the properties' operations. However, as the owner of the property under a RIDEA structure, we are responsible for operational and legal risks and liabilities of the property, including compliance with health care fraud and abuse and other laws, governmental reimbursement matters, and compliance with federal, state, local, and industry-related licensure, certification, and inspection laws, regulations, and standards. Our ability to acquire our partner's interest may be limited if we do not have sufficient cash, available borrowing capacity, or other capital resources. We are exposed to operational risks with respect to our seniors housing operating properties that could adversely affect our revenue and operations. The operators of our properties compete on a local and regional basis with operators of properties and other health care providers that provide comparable services for residents and patients. We expect that there will continue to be a more than adequate inventory of seniors housing facilities. We cannot be certain that the operators of all of our facilities will be able to achieve and maintain occupancy and rate levels that will enable them to meet all of their obligations to us. A severe cold and flu season, epidemics, or any other widespread illnesses could adversely affect the occupancy of our seniors housing operating and triple-net properties. We are exposed to the risk that our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers, or other obligors may not be able to meet the rent, principal, and interest or other payments due to us, which may result in a tenant, operator, borrower, manager, or other obligor bankruptcy or insolvency. We may be required to fund certain expenses to preserve the value of an investment property, avoid the imposition of liens on a property, and/or transition a property to a new tenant. Our ability to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions into our existing operations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our investments generate cash from NOI and principal payments on loans receivable. We continuously evaluate opportunities to finance future investments. New investments are generally funded from temporary borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, internally generated cash, and the proceeds from investment dispositions. We expect to reinvest the proceeds from any investment dispositions in new investments. Our ability to respond rapidly to changes in the performance of our investments could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We cannot predict the impact that broad-based, far-reaching legislative or regulatory changes could have on the U.S. economy, our business, or that of our operators and tenants.