In addition to the other information set forth in this annual report, any of the factors described could materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity, which could cause the trading price of our securities to decline. Our results of operations are dependent upon the success of our top products. If any of our top products experience issues, such as loss of patent protection, material product liability litigation, new or unexpected side effects, manufacturing disruptions, regulatory proceedings, labeling changes, negative publicity, changes to veterinarian or customer preferences, and/or disruptive innovations or the introduction of more effective products, our revenues could be negatively impacted. We depend on positive perceptions of the safety, quality, and efficacy of our products by our customers, veterinarians, and end-users. Any concerns regarding the safety, quality, or efficacy of our products may harm our reputation and could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. The animal health industry is highly competitive, and we believe many of our competitors are conducting R&D activities in areas served by our products. Our competitors may have access to greater financial, marketing, technical, and other resources or have significant market share in particular areas. As a result, they may be able to devote more resources to developing, manufacturing, marketing, and selling their products, initiating or withstanding substantial price competition, or more readily taking advantage of acquisitions or other opportunities. Our business is subject to risk based on global economic conditions. Macroeconomic, business, and financial disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity. Certain of our customers and suppliers could be affected directly by an economic downturn and could face credit issues or cash flow problems that could give rise to payment delays, increased credit risk, bankruptcies, and other financial hardships that could decrease the demand for our products or hinder our ability to collect amounts due from customers. Infectious disease outbreaks, pandemics, and widespread fear of spreading disease through human contact can cause disruptions to or negatively impact our, our customers', and our distributors' business operations, which could materially adversely affect our operating results. We may not successfully acquire and integrate other businesses, license rights to technologies or products, form and manage alliances, or divest businesses. We pursue acquisitions, technology licensing arrangements, strategic alliances, or divestitures of some of our businesses as part of our business strategy. We may not complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all. Our evaluation of any potential transaction includes business, legal, and financial due diligence with the goal of identifying and evaluating the material risks involved. Our R&D, acquisition, and licensing efforts may fail to generate new products and product lifecycle innovations. Our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products that we may develop through joint ventures and products that we are able to obtain through license or acquisition. We believe we are an industry leader in animal health R&D, with a track record of generating new products and product lifecycle innovation. The diversity of our product portfolio and our global operations provides stability to our overall business. For instance, impacts on our revenue that may result from disease outbreaks or weather conditions in a particular market or region are often offset by increased sales in other regions from exports and other species as consumers shift to other proteins. We believe that animal health customers value high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply. The importance of quality and safety concerns to pet owners, veterinarians, and livestock producers also contributes to animal health brand loyalty, which often continues after the loss of patent-based and regulatory exclusivity.