Abbvie's strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results, maximizing the benefits of the Allergan acquisition, advancing and investing in its pipeline, and returning value to shareholders while ensuring a strong, sustainable growth business over the long term. The company intends to continue to advance its mission by leveraging Abbvie's commercial strength and international infrastructure across Allergan's therapeutic areas and ensuring strong commercial execution of new product launches. Abbvie's long-term success depends to a great extent on its ability to continue to discover and develop innovative products and acquire or collaborate on compounds currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. Abbvie expects to achieve its strategic objectives through effective management of research and development, commercial, and manufacturing operations while maintaining key growth portfolios. The integration plan following the Allergan acquisition is designed to reduce costs, integrate and optimize the combined organization, with expected annual cost synergies of more than $2 billion over a three-year period. Abbvie continues to closely manage manufacturing and supply chain resources around the world to help ensure that patients receive an uninterrupted supply of their medicines. The company has implemented an integration plan that is expected to realize significant synergies, which will enhance operational efficiency and support the overall business strategy. Abbvie's existing product portfolio and pipeline are enhanced with numerous Allergan assets, benefiting from Abbvie's commercial strength, expertise, and international infrastructure. The company is committed to driving continued expansion of operating margins and expects to achieve this objective through continued leverage from revenue growth, realization of expense synergies from the Allergan acquisition, productivity initiatives in supply chain, and ongoing efficiency programs to optimize manufacturing, commercial infrastructure, administrative costs, and general corporate expenses. Abbvie's financial performance reflects continued funding to support all stages of its pipeline assets and continued investment in Abbvie's on-market brands. The company has partnered with global authorities to support the experimental use of multiple Abbvie assets to determine their efficacy in the treatment of COVID-19, demonstrating its capability to adapt to external influences and market dynamics. The impact of COVID-19 on Abbvie's operations has not been material to date, although the company has experienced lower new patient starts across its therapeutic portfolio. Abbvie continues to pursue strategies intended to maintain market leadership among its installed patient base and add to the sustainability of its products. The company's financial flexibility is supported by its ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt, or enter into financing arrangements on acceptable terms, which is crucial for supporting growth objectives in a competitive environment. The effective management of Abbvie's resources, including technology and human capital, plays a vital role in achieving its strategic goals and enhancing its market positioning.