During 2020, we continued to build on our technical, operational and financial foundation to drive our long-term growth strategy. We consistently executed our product roadmap and launched multiple products in leading-edge manufacturing technologies. We introduced a number of 7 nanometer (nm) products during the year, including new additions to our product families designed for various market segments. We also expanded our notebook products with enterprise-grade technologies that deliver a set of security and manageability features for enterprise IT deployments. We monitor demand signals as we adjust our supply chain requirements based on changing customer needs and demands. Our ability to sustain and grow our profitability is supported by the continued positive momentum of our consumer and commercial products, including our newly released desktop, mobile and graphics processors, greater market acceptance for our server products, and our leadership in the continued development of high-performance computing products. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, we considered the highly dynamic and competitive landscape of our industry, the continued performance and market acceptance of our new products, and the impact of such market acceptance on our estimates of future profitability. We continue to maintain a valuation allowance for certain federal, state, and foreign tax attributes, reflecting the complexities of our operational environment. Our operating results tend to vary seasonally, and we expect international sales to continue to be a significant portion of total sales in the foreseeable future. We believe our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments balance, along with our revolving credit facility, will be sufficient to fund operations, including capital expenditures, over the next 12 months. We believe we will be able to access the capital markets should we require additional funds. Our working capital cash inflows and outflows from operations are primarily cash collections from our customers, payments for inventory purchases, and payments for employee-related expenditures. The primary drivers of changes in operating assets and liabilities included increases in accounts receivable and inventories driven by higher revenue and product build in support of customer demand. Our estimates of adjustments to contract price due to variable consideration under our contracts with OEM and distributor customers have been materially consistent with actual results. The increase in operating income was primarily driven by the margin contribution from higher sales which more than offset higher operating expenses. We also recorded an income tax benefit primarily due to the release of the valuation allowance against deferred tax assets, resulting in a tax benefit in the fourth quarter of 2020. Our ability to adapt to market dynamics and operational challenges, including those posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, demonstrates our commitment to leveraging IT capabilities to enhance business performance and support strategic resource allocation. The introduction of new products and technologies reflects our ongoing investment in innovation and operational efficiency, which are critical for maintaining competitive advantage in the evolving market landscape.