Amgen's approach to, and investment in, human capital resource management is directed at attracting, motivating, and retaining talent to tackle the challenges of running an enterprise focused on the discovery, development, and commercialization of innovative medicines. Our internal efforts include establishing a diversity, inclusion, and belonging council, engaging in activities and setting goals to improve our focus on diversity, inclusion, and belonging. We believe that a diverse and inclusive culture fosters innovation, which supports our ability to serve patients. We also believe our global presence is strengthened by having a workforce that reflects the diversity of the patients we serve. Our strategy includes integrated activities intended to maintain and strengthen our competitive position in the industry. We focus on six commercial areas and conduct discovery research primarily in three therapeutic areas. During the year, while meeting the challenges of a global pandemic and facing increased competition from biosimilars and generics, total product sales increased, driven by volume growth primarily from newer brands. We continued to advance our pipeline, including molecules with respect to which we have achieved positive registration enabling data from our clinical trial activities. We also broadened our international reach, particularly in the Asia Pacific region with our investment in and strategic collaboration with Beigene to expand our oncology presence in China. Our cash flows from operating activities totaled $10.5 billion, enabling us to invest in our business while returning capital to shareholders through the payment of cash dividends and stock repurchases. We have a long-standing ambition to be environmentally responsible, regularly setting targets to challenge ourselves to deliver further improvements. Our long-term success depends to a great extent on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must develop new products to achieve revenue growth and to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or when competing products are launched. Certain of our products face increasing pressure from competition, including biosimilars and generics. We devote considerable resources to R&D activities, but successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain. Rising healthcare costs and uncertain economic conditions continue to pose challenges to our business. We continuously monitor our ability for study enrollment on an institution-by-institution basis and reevaluate the status of studies, pausing when uncertainty arises with regard to the trial sites' ability to ensure safety or data integrity. We remain focused on supporting our active clinical sites in providing care for these patients and in providing investigational drug supply. We continue to believe that existing funds, cash generated from operations, and existing sources of and access to financing are adequate to satisfy our needs for working capital, capital expenditures, and debt service requirements as well as to engage in the capital-return and other business initiatives that we plan to strategically pursue. Our operations are subject to the tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices of the United States, the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, U.S. state jurisdictions, and other countries in which we do business. Significant changes in these rules could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We evaluate, on a quarterly basis, developments in legal proceedings and other matters that could cause an increase or decrease in the amount of the liability that has been accrued previously.