Arista Networks pioneered software-driven, cognitive cloud networking for large-scale data center and campus workspace environments. Our industry-leading cloud networking platform is highly scalable and programmable, purpose-built to address the functional and performance requirements for cloud networks, including workflow automation, network visibility and analytics, and has further allowed us to integrate rapidly with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. We believe that cloud networking will continue to replace legacy network technologies across data center and campus environments. Our cloud networking platforms are well positioned to address the growing cloud networking market and to address increasing performance requirements driven by the growing number of connected devices, as well as the need for constant connectivity and access to data and applications. The markets for cloud networking solutions are highly competitive and characterized by rapidly changing technology, changing end-customer needs, evolving industry standards, frequent introductions of new products and services, and industry consolidation. Our future success is dependent upon our ability to continue to evolve and adapt to our rapidly changing environment. We must also continue to develop market-leading products and features that address the needs of our existing and new customers, and increase sales in the enterprise data center switching and campus workspace markets. We intend to continue investing in our research and development organization to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. Our research and development efforts are focused on new product development and maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to an increase in stock-based compensation and acquisition-related expenses. We expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to expand our sales and marketing efforts worldwide. Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses, with the largest component being personnel costs. We believe one of our greatest strengths lies in our ability to rapidly develop new features and applications. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. We engineer our products to be agnostic with respect to the underlying merchant silicon architecture. We work closely with third-party contract manufacturers to manufacture our products, which enables us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies and leverage the investments made by merchant silicon vendors to achieve cost-effective solutions. Our cloud networking platforms are designed to support business needs and enhance operational efficiency, which is critical in a competitive landscape characterized by rapid technological advancements and evolving customer demands. The integration of our technology capabilities with strategic resources and operational processes is essential for driving business transformation and achieving competitive advantage in the marketplace.