We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We are seeing a direct impact on our commercial supply chain business as fewer flights and more aircraft retirements result in a decreased demand for our parts and logistics offerings. Additionally, our commercial customers are curtailing discretionary spending, such as modifications and upgrades and focusing on required maintenance. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable. We continue to make progress across all five key pillars as we utilize a lower production rate environment to transform and improve our business processes. Our information technology teams are evaluating opportunities to form or expand strategic partnerships with vendors that allow us to simplify and optimize our operations, and reduce overall costs. The operational excellence pillar is focused on improving performance, enhancing quality and reducing rework. We expect that successful execution of these measures will improve near-term liquidity and long-term cost competitiveness. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and 737 MAX grounding are having a significant negative impact on our liquidity and ongoing operations and creating significant uncertainty. We have and are continuing to take significant actions to manage and preserve our liquidity. The ongoing impacts of COVID-19 on market demand have also created significant uncertainty around the timing of deliveries of 737 MAX aircraft in inventory. We continue to reassess the liability for estimated potential concessions and other considerations to customers on a quarterly basis. The remaining liability represents our current best estimate of future concessions and other considerations to customers, and is necessarily based on a series of assumptions. We are working with our customers to minimize the impact to their operations from grounded and undelivered aircraft. The commercial airplane market and the airline industry both remain extremely competitive. We face aggressive international competitors who are intent on increasing their market share. This market environment has resulted in intense pressures on pricing and other competitive factors, and we expect these pressures to continue or intensify in the coming years. We are focused on improving our products and services and continuing our business transformation efforts, which enhances our ability to compete and positions us for market recovery. The current environment is also affecting the financial viability of some airlines. We expect the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic to continue to significantly impact revenues in future quarters until the commercial airline industry recovers. The long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to the fundamental drivers of air travel demand: economic growth, increasing propensity to travel due to increased trade, globalization, and improved airline services driven by liberalization of air traffic rights between countries. The changes in unallocated items, eliminations and other primarily reflect the timing of eliminations for intercompany aircraft deliveries, as well as reserves related to cost accounting litigation recorded in 2019. Our strategy is to leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets, underscored by an intense focus on growth and productivity.