The ongoing pandemic and accompanying restrictions negatively impacted our net sales and our results of operations in 2020. We implemented cost reduction initiatives, including decreases in travel, meetings, and customer events, hiring, clinical programs, and certain research and development projects. We also implemented a temporary four-day work week for many employees globally and reduced employee compensation, including temporary significant cuts in the salaries of our executive officers and the cash retainer paid to our board of directors. Our global crisis management team has focused on protecting our employees and customers, optimizing our operations, and securing our supply chain. We have successfully implemented business continuity plans including establishing a medical advisory group for employees, leveraging work from home infrastructure to facilitate social distancing, limiting sales visits to critical cases, and accelerating capabilities to provide remote physician support. We continue to focus our efforts on the health and safety of patients, healthcare providers, and employees while executing our mission of transforming lives through innovative medical solutions to improve the health of patients around the world. We have evaluated the recoverability of the assets in our consolidated balance sheet in accordance with relevant authoritative accounting literature. We considered the disruptions caused by COVID-19, including revised forecasted sales and customer demand, a decline in the price of our common stock, and macroeconomic factors potentially impacting accounts receivable, inventory, investments, intangible assets, goodwill, and other assets and liabilities. We have continued to monitor for indicators of impairment through the date of this annual report filed on Form 10-K. We have increased our investment in infrastructure in emerging markets in order to maximize opportunities. Our emerging markets net sales represented 11 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2020 and 12 percent in 2019. The decline in 2020 was largely driven by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our sales in Brazil, India, and China. We have continued to focus our efforts on the health and safety of patients, healthcare providers, and employees while executing our mission of transforming lives through innovative medical solutions to improve the health of patients around the world. We expect to continue to make investments across our businesses in order to maintain a pipeline of new products that we believe will contribute to profitable sales growth. We have established controls and procedures to escalate enterprise-level issues, including cybersecurity matters, to the appropriate management levels within our organization and our board of directors. We designed our internal control process to provide reasonable assurance to management and the board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. We assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020. Based on our assessment, we believe that our internal control over financial reporting is effective at a reasonable assurance level based on these criteria. We have continued to monitor for indicators of impairment through the date of this annual report filed on Form 10-K. The ongoing pandemic and accompanying restrictions negatively impacted our net sales and our results of operations in 2020. We have successfully implemented business continuity plans including establishing a medical advisory group for employees, leveraging work from home infrastructure to facilitate social distancing, limiting sales visits to critical cases, and accelerating capabilities to provide remote physician support.