The management's discussion and analysis highlights that our distribution network performed well under the stress of increased traffic and peak usage driven by increased video streaming, gaming, and videoconferencing as customers worked and learned remotely from home. We incurred costs associated with compensating personnel in roles affected by COVID-19, primarily during the first half of the year, including additional compensation for frontline personnel who worked to keep our customers connected to our services. Our cable communications results of operations were strong in 2020, despite having been affected by the significant deterioration in domestic economic conditions and by the costs associated with our support of customer connectivity. We expect the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations over the near to medium term, although the extent of such impact will depend on restrictive governmental measures, further deterioration of the global economy, and widespread availability of vaccines. We believe our customer base will continue to grow as consumers choose our high-speed internet service and seek higher-speed offerings. Revenue increased in 2020 primarily due to an increase in the number of residential high-speed internet customers. Our programming expenses, which represent our most significant operating expense, are affected by the programming license fees charged by content providers, the fees charged for retransmission of the signals from local broadcast television stations, the number of customers we serve, and the amount of content we provide. We anticipate that our programming expenses will be impacted by rate increases to a greater extent in 2021 compared to 2020 due to the timing of contract renewals. Our operating margin was 42.1%, 40.1%, and 38.7% in 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. We believe this metric is useful particularly as we continue to focus on growing our higher-margin businesses, including residential high-speed internet and business services, and on reducing losses related to our wireless phone service and improving overall operating cost management. We expect to continue to invest in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity in our cable communications segment and increased investment in line extensions for the expansion of both business services and residential. Our capital expenditures decreased primarily due to decreases in spending by our theme parks segment as a result of COVID-19 and by our cable communications segment, partially offset by increases in spending by our Sky segment, reflecting the continued deployment of Sky Q and high-speed internet services. The creation and availability of our film and television programming in the United States and globally have been disrupted, including from the suspension of studio production operations in the first half of 2020. Our studio production operations have resumed at a limited capacity. We expect results of operations in our filmed entertainment segment to continue to be negatively impacted over the near to medium term as a result of COVID-19. The deterioration of economic conditions caused by COVID-19 resulted in significant reductions in advertising spend by our customers in the cable networks and broadcast television segments and, while we have seen some improvement over the course of 2020, we expect this trend to continue over the near to medium term. We have implemented and will continue to implement cost savings initiatives across our businesses that have impacted and will continue to impact our results of operations.