Our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting gross margin as a percentage of net sales. We believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to these changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private-label items and through online offerings. Our e-commerce business growth, domestically and internationally, has also increased our sales but it generally has a lower gross margin percentage relative to our warehouse business. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, particularly health care and utility expenses. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and other international operating segments. The impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current period's average price per gallon sold and that of the comparable prior period. Our cash flow provided by operations is primarily derived from net sales and membership fees. Changes in our net investment in merchandise inventories are impacted by several factors, including how fast inventory is sold, payment terms with our suppliers, and the amount of payables paid early to obtain discounts from our suppliers. In 2020, we spent $2,810 on capital expenditures, and it is our current intention to spend approximately $3,000 to $3,200 during fiscal 2021. These expenditures are expected to be financed with cash from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. We opened 16 new warehouses, including three relocations, in 2020, and plan to open approximately 23 additional new warehouses, including three relocations, in 2021. We have experienced delays in real estate and construction activities due to COVID-19. Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at competitive prices. We do not focus in the short term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" on quality goods - consistently providing the most competitive values. The membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability. Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs. Our investments in technology systems, particularly in e-commerce, have allowed us to adapt to changing market conditions and consumer behaviors, enhancing our operational efficiency and market responsiveness. The degree of our exposure to economic conditions and competitive dynamics is dependent on our ability to leverage our IT capabilities effectively, ensuring that we can respond to market changes and consumer demands promptly. Our IT governance and resource allocation strategies are critical in supporting our operational flexibility and enhancing our competitive positioning in the marketplace.