We are a global leader in customer relationship management ("CRM") technology that brings companies and customers together. With our customer 360 platform, we deliver a single source of truth, connecting customer data across systems, apps, and devices to help companies sell, service, market, and conduct commerce, from anywhere. Since our founding in 1999, we have pioneered innovations in cloud, mobile, social, analytics, and artificial intelligence ("AI"), enabling companies of every size and industry to transform their businesses in the all-digital, work-from-anywhere era. We continue to invest for future growth and are focused on several key growth levers, including driving multi-cloud adoption, increasing our penetration with enterprise and international customers, and our industry-specific reach with more vertical software solutions. These growth drivers often require a more sophisticated go-to-market approach and, as a result, we may incur additional costs upfront to obtain new customers and expand our relationships with existing customers, including additional sales and marketing expenses specific to subscription and support revenue. We regularly evaluate acquisitions and investment opportunities in complementary businesses, joint ventures, services, technologies, and intellectual property rights in an effort to expand our service offerings and to nurture the overall ecosystem for our offerings. We continue to evaluate investment opportunities and expect to continue to make investments and acquisitions in the future, such as our pending acquisition of Slack. Slack has an integrated value proposition across all of our service offerings and, upon close of the transaction and successful product integration, we believe it will further enable companies to grow and succeed in an all-digital, work-from-anywhere era. We have increased our headcount associated with our data centers, customer support, and professional services to meet the higher demand for services from our customers, and our recent acquisitions also contributed to this increase. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures. We also plan to add employees in our professional services group to facilitate the adoption of our services. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based expenses and allocated overhead. Our research and development headcount increased by 11 percent since fiscal 2020 in order to improve and extend our service offerings, develop new technologies, and integrate acquired companies. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of revenues in future periods as we continue to invest in additional employees and technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies and the integration of acquired technologies. We have made and expect to continue to make additional investments in our infrastructure to scale our operations, increase productivity, and enhance our security measures. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth. While we continue to make investments in our infrastructure including offices, information technology, and data centers to provide capacity for the growth of our business, our strategy may continue to change related to these investments, and we may slow the pace of our investments including in response to the known and potential impacts of COVID-19 on our business. We believe that values drive value, and that effectively managing our priority environmental, social, and governance ("ESG") topics will help create long-term value for our investors. We also believe that transparently disclosing the goals and relevant metrics related to our ESG programs will allow our stakeholders to be informed about our progress.