Cisco designs and sells a broad range of technologies that have been powering the internet since 1984. We are integrating intent-based technologies across networking, security, collaboration, applications, and the cloud. These technologies are designed to help our customers manage more users, devices, and things connecting to their networks. The pandemic has driven organizations across the globe to digitize their operations and support remote workforces at a faster speed and greater scale than ever before. We remain focused on providing the technology and solutions our customers need to accelerate their digital organizations. Our customers are navigating change at an unprecedented pace, and our mission is to inspire new possibilities for them by helping transform their infrastructure, expand applications and analytics, address their security needs, and empower their teams. We believe that our customers are looking for intent-based networks that provide meaningful business value through automation, security, and analytics across private, hybrid, and multicloud environments. Our vision is to deliver highly secure, software-defined, automated, and intelligent platforms for our customers. We continue to operate in a challenging macroeconomic and highly competitive environment. We saw broad-based weakening in the global macroeconomic environment during the fiscal year, which impacted our commercial and enterprise markets. We also experienced continuing weakness in the service provider market and emerging countries, and we expect ongoing uncertainty in these markets. While the overall environment remains uncertain, we continue to aggressively invest in priority areas with the objective of driving profitable growth over the long term. Our total revenue reflected declines across each of our geographic segments. Product revenue for the emerging countries of BRICM, in the aggregate, experienced a 25% product revenue decline, with decreases in India, China, Mexico, and Brazil. In addition to the impact of macroeconomic factors, including a reduced IT spending environment and reductions in spending by government entities, revenue by segment in a particular period may be significantly impacted by several factors related to revenue recognition, including the complexity of transactions such as multiple performance obligations; the mix of financing arrangements provided to channel partners and customers; and final acceptance of the product, system, or solution, among other factors. We continue to invest in R&D in order to bring a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion. If we believe that we are unable to enter a particular market in a timely manner with internally developed products, we may purchase or license technology from other businesses, or we may partner with or acquire businesses as an alternative to internal R&D. Our ongoing consideration of all the factors described previously could result in impairment charges in the future, which could adversely affect our net income. The actions we are taking include introducing a variety of free offers and trials for our Webex and security technologies as they dramatically shifted entire workforces to be remote. We announced a Cisco Capital business resiliency program leveraging currently available funds to provide organizations with access to financing solutions to offer financial flexibility and support business continuity. This will help customers and partners access the technology they need now, invest for recovery, and defer most of the payments until early 2021. We believe our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position is critical at this time of uncertainty due to the COVID-19 pandemic and allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends.