We continue to make significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, as well as in new products and services. In addition, we expect to continue to invest in land and buildings for data centers and offices, and information technology assets, which includes servers and network equipment, to support the long-term growth of our business. Our capital investments in property and equipment consist primarily of technical infrastructure, which consists of our investments in servers and network equipment for compute, storage and networking requirements for ongoing business activities, including machine learning, and data center land and building construction. We have entered into leases that have not yet commenced with future lease payments of $8.0 billion, excluding purchase options, that are not yet recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. These leases will commence between 2021 and 2026 with non-cancelable lease terms of 1 to 25 years. Our technical infrastructure investments are designed to support all of Alphabet, including primarily ads, Google Cloud, search, and YouTube. We continue to assess the realized and potential credit deterioration of our customers due to changes in the macroeconomic environment, which has been reflected in our allowance for credit losses for accounts receivable. Additionally, over the course of the year we experienced variability in our margins as many of our expenses are less variable in nature and/or may not correlate to changes in revenues, including costs associated with our data centers and facilities as well as employee compensation. We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities, cash flows from operations and financing activities to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Our international revenues represent a significant portion of our revenues and are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. While we have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets, such as India, where we continue to invest heavily and develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. This has led to a trend of increased revenues from international markets over time, as regions with emerging markets, such as APAC, have demonstrated higher revenue growth rates. As we continue to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures. We face continuing changes in regulatory conditions, laws and public policies, which could impact our business practices and financial results. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees.