Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. As we offer more online services, the ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud. The ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems is critical as we help customers manage their financial lives, facing risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. We believe that an understanding of industry trends is important in order to understand our financial results for fiscal 2020 as well as our future prospects. Artificial intelligence (AI) is transforming multiple industries, including financial technology. Disruptive start-ups, emerging ecosystems, and mega-platforms are harnessing new technology to create personalized experiences, deliver data-driven insights, and increase speed of service. These shifts are creating a more dynamic and highly competitive environment where customer expectations are shifting around the world as more services become digitized and the array of choices continues to increase. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. Our total service and other revenue was $6.0 billion or 79% of our total revenue in fiscal 2020, and we expect our total service and other revenue to continue to grow in the future. We derive our revenue primarily from the sale of online services such as tax, accounting, payroll, and merchant payment processing, and from packaged desktop software products and subscriptions. Our online ecosystem includes revenue from QuickBooks Online, QuickBooks Live, QuickBooks Online Advanced, and QuickBooks Self-Employed financial and business management offerings. We have implemented additional security measures and are continuing to work with state and federal governments to implement industry-wide security and anti-fraud measures, including sharing information regarding suspicious filings. Our future growth increasingly depends on the strength of our third-party business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, maintain, and strengthen new and existing relationships. We believe that our financial resources will allow us to manage the impact of COVID-19 on our business operations for the foreseeable future, which could include potential reductions in revenue and delays in payments from customers and partners. We evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. Our strong liquidity profile enables us to quickly respond to these kinds of opportunities. The balance of our cash, cash equivalents, and investments generally fluctuates with that seasonal pattern, and we believe the seasonality of our business is likely to continue in the future. We are also investing in our technology infrastructure to enhance our operational efficiency and support our business strategies.