We are a global security and aerospace company principally engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products and services. Our main areas of focus are in defense, space, intelligence, homeland security and information technology, including cybersecurity. A significant component of our strategy is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our customers at affordable prices. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives and expect to continue to innovate and invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers, including through acquisitions, and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed. We operate in an environment characterized by complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures, which necessitates the mobilization and deployment of IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. We have taken measures to protect the health and safety of our employees and support our community in addressing the challenges posed by the ongoing global pandemic, which has presented unprecedented business challenges. We have experienced impacts in each of our business areas related to COVID-19, primarily in increased costs, delays in supplier deliveries, and impacts of remote work. Our work in production facilities and labs has continued throughout the pandemic, consistent with guidance from federal, state, and local officials. We have implemented a flexible teleworking policy for employees who can meet our customer commitments remotely. We continue to proactively monitor our supply chain and have implemented multiple actions to help mitigate the effects of COVID-19, including accelerating payments to suppliers. We continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers through independent research and development activities and through acquisition, divestiture, and internal realignment activities. We selectively pursue the acquisition of businesses and investments at attractive valuations that will expand or complement our current portfolio and allow access to new customers or technologies. Our strategic plan includes growing our international sales, focusing on strengthening our relationships internationally through partnerships and joint technology efforts. We expect our 2021 net sales to increase, driven by increases across all four business areas, including innovations in our technology capabilities. We have projects underway for facilities and equipment to support higher production and incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise IT infrastructure. We also continue to evaluate targets and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, and equity investments to enhance our IT capabilities and overall organizational effectiveness.