Mastercard is a technology company in the global payments industry that connects consumers, financial institutions, merchants, governments, digital partners, businesses, and other organizations worldwide, enabling them to use electronic forms of payment instead of cash and checks. We make payments easier and more efficient by providing a wide range of payment solutions and services using our family of well-known brands, including Mastercard®, Maestro®, and Cirrus®. Our payment solutions offer customers choice and flexibility and are designed to ensure safety and security for the global payments system. We operate a multi-rail network that offers customers one partner to turn to for their domestic and cross-border payment needs. Our unique and proprietary global payments network, referred to as our core network, switches (authorizes, clears, and settles) payment transactions and delivers related products and services. We also provide integrated value-added offerings such as cyber and intelligence products, information and analytics services, consulting, loyalty and reward programs, processing, and open banking. The covid-19 pandemic has affected business activity, adversely impacting consumers, our customers, suppliers, and business partners, as well as our workforce. Our key metrics continued to be impacted throughout 2020, with gross dollar volumes flat compared to 2019, recovering gradually in the second half of the year from a decline during the second quarter. The primary drivers of net revenue were impacted by a cross-border volume decline of 29% on a local currency basis, while switched transactions growth of 3% and other revenues growth of 14% partially offset these decreases. We continue to monitor the effects of the pandemic and actions taken by governments as they relate to travel restrictions and restrictions on business operations. Our adjusted operating expenses decreased 1% on a currency-neutral basis, primarily due to reduced spending on advertising and marketing, travel, and professional fees, partially offset by higher personnel and data processing costs to support continued investment in our strategic initiatives. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities balances, along with our cash flow generating capabilities and access to capital resources, are sufficient to satisfy our future operating cash needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments, and other liquidity requirements associated with our existing operations and potential obligations. Our liquidity and access to capital could be negatively impacted by global credit market conditions and the outcome of any legal or regulatory proceedings. The components of operating expenses include general and administrative expenses, which increased 3% on both an as-reported and a currency-neutral basis in 2020 versus the prior year, driven by growth from acquisitions and increases in personnel and data processing costs. Our strategic initiatives are supported by our technology capabilities, which enhance our operational efficiency and enable us to adapt to changing market dynamics. The effective income tax rate was higher than the prior year primarily due to a discrete tax benefit related to a favorable court ruling in 2019. Our investments in technology infrastructure and data management are critical to maintaining our competitive advantage and ensuring the reliability and security of our services.