The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant global economic uncertainty, adversely impacting the business of our customers, partners, and vendors, and consequently affecting our business and results of operations. We are continuing to monitor the actual and potential effects of the COVID-19 pandemic across our business. Our products and services enable the steps of a job to flow naturally across disparate departments, systems, and processes of a business. We build applications to meet the demand for more efficient and easier-to-use technology in work environments by automating existing processes and creating efficient, digitized workflows. Our professional services organization is focused on strategic advisory, implementation, and consulting services to accelerate platform adoption and drive customer outcomes. We continue to invest in the development of our services, infrastructure, and sales and marketing to drive long-term growth. Our digital workflow products include the Now Platform, IT Service Management, IT Business Management, and other applications designed to enhance organizational capabilities and support business needs. The increase in subscription revenues is driven by increased purchases by existing customers and an increase in customer count, indicating the value customers are receiving from our platform. We expect subscription revenues for the year ending December 31, 2021, to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to add new customers and existing customers increase their usage of our products. Our research and development expenses have increased to support the enhancement of our core platform and the development of new applications to fill market needs. We are increasingly focused on deploying our internal professional services organization as a strategic resource and relying on our partner ecosystem to contract directly with customers for implementation services delivery. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance will depend on developments such as the duration and spread of the outbreak and the effectiveness of government responses. Our subscription revenues consist of fees that give customers access to the ordered subscription service for both self-hosted offerings and cloud-based subscription offerings, and related support and updates during the subscription term. The increase in costs associated with subscription revenues is primarily due to increased headcount and costs to support the growth of our subscription offerings. Our subscription gross profit percentage was 83% for each of the years ended December 31, 2020, and 2019. We expect our subscription gross profit percentage to slightly decrease for the year ending December 31, 2021. We have historically seen higher collections in the quarter ended March 31 due to seasonality in the timing of entering into customer contracts, which is significantly higher with new customers, as well as expansion with existing customers. Our renewal rate was 98% for each of the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018. Our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. We believe information regarding free cash flow provides useful information to investors because it is an indicator of the strength and performance of our business operations.