We empower enterprises, service providers, and government entities to secure all users, applications, data, networks, and devices with comprehensive visibility and context continuously across all locations. Our portfolio offers advanced prevention and security while reducing the total cost of ownership for organizations by improving operational efficiency and eliminating the need for siloed point products. We do this with solutions focused on delivering value in three fundamental areas: secure the enterprise, secure the cloud, and secure the future of security operations. We believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products are essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. Our growth reflects the increased adoption of our portfolio, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support. We continue to invest in innovation and acquire businesses as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our portfolio. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, expand deployment of our portfolio and support offerings within existing end-customers, and focus on end-customer satisfaction. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. These areas present significant opportunities for us, but they also pose challenges and risks that we must successfully address to sustain the growth of our business and improve our operating results. We monitor cash flow provided by operating activities as a measure of our overall business performance, driven by sales of our products and from up-front payments for subscription and support offerings. Our cash flow provided by operating activities enables us to analyze our financial performance without the non-cash effects of certain items, thereby allowing us to better understand and manage the cash needs of our business. We expect our revenue to vary from quarter to quarter based on seasonal and cyclical factors. Our appliances and software licenses include a broad set of built-in networking and security features and functionalities. We recognize product revenue at the time of hardware shipment or delivery of software license. Subscription and support revenue increased year-over-year due to increased demand for our subscription and support offerings from both new and existing end-customers, reflecting increased adoption of our portfolio. We expect our subscription and support revenue to vary from quarter to quarter and increase over the long term as we introduce new subscriptions, renew existing subscription and support contracts, and expand our installed end-customer base. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time depending on various factors, including the introduction of new products, manufacturing costs, and the mix of revenue between product and subscription and support offerings. We expect operating expenses generally to increase in absolute dollars and decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. We expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our future products and services. Our focus remains on the safety of our employees, striving to protect the health and well-being of the communities in which we operate, and providing technology to our employees, end-customers, and partners to help them do their best work while remote.