Our business continuity, communication plans and technology are allowing all functions of our business to work smoothly during this time. We have not had any lay-offs and we have extended financial assistance to employees in need. Our local property and leasing teams have continued to maintain our properties and work with our customers to help them navigate the new environment while following established measures to help keep them and our customers safe. The average number of days from lease proposal to commencement decreased since 2019 as some customers have increased the pace of activity. Our capital deployment and disposition activities have continued throughout this time and we expect the volume of these activities to accelerate in 2021. We experienced minimal impacts from the current environment on our operating fundamentals in 2020. This is the result of the high quality and location of our real estate portfolio, our customer base, favorable market fundamentals in the logistics real estate sector and significant in-place-to-market rent spreads. E-commerce continues to grow well above its historical average and customers that serve essential daily needs are thriving. Customers that have been negatively impacted by the current economy represent a minimal percentage of our annual rent. Leasing activity remained strong for the operating and management portfolio throughout 2020 with the commencement of 150 million square feet of leases with an average term of 66 months, including 37 million square feet in the fourth quarter. Rent change in our operating and management portfolio was 21.3% during 2020 and 23.8% in the fourth quarter. We expect market rents to continue to increase in 2021. Our business operations are evaluated based on the net operating income of our two operating segments: real estate operations and strategic capital. The strategic capital segment includes revenues from asset and property management, other fees for services performed and promote revenue earned from the unconsolidated entities. Revenues associated with the strategic capital segment fluctuate because of changes in the size of the portfolios through acquisitions and dispositions, the fair value of the properties and other transactional activity including foreign currency exchange rates and timing of promotes. Our strategic capital revenues include recurring fees, transactional fees, and promote revenue. We also generate operating cash through our strategic capital segment by providing asset and property management and other services to our unconsolidated co-investment ventures. We evaluate the performance of the operating properties we own and manage using a "same store" analysis because the population of properties in this analysis is consistent from period to period, which allows us and investors to analyze our ongoing business operations. Our development activities are expected to accelerate in 2021, reflecting our capability to adapt to market dynamics and customer needs. We have processes to monitor our intent with regard to our investments and the estimated disposition value in comparison to the current carrying value. The use of projected future cash flows is based on assumptions that are consistent with our estimates of future expectations and the strategic plan we use to manage our underlying business. We assess the carrying values of our respective long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be fully recoverable. Our capital expenditures have increased due to our larger portfolio as a result of acquisition activity discussed above. Our ability to generate cash from operating activities, distributions from our co-investment ventures, contributions and dispositions of properties and available financing sources is considered adequate to meet our anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend and distribution requirements.