We are leading a transformation in the tobacco industry to create a smoke-free future and ultimately replace cigarettes with smoke-free products to the benefit of adults who would otherwise continue to smoke, society, the company and its shareholders. Through multidisciplinary capabilities in product development, state-of-the-art facilities and scientific substantiation, we aim to ensure that our smoke-free products meet adult consumer preferences and rigorous regulatory requirements. Our business is managed in six operating segments, and we have a wide range of premium, mid-price and low-price brands. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. In addition to the manufacture and sale of cigarettes, we are engaged in the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products ("rrps"). RRPs is the term we use to refer to products that present, are likely to present, or have the potential to present less risk of harm to smokers who switch to these products versus continuing smoking. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates and the mix of products we sell. The mix can also refer to the proportion of shipment volume in more profitable markets versus shipment volume in less profitable markets. Our marketing, administration and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products, and costs incurred to develop new products. The most significant components of our marketing, administration and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses. As a holding company, our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. Our principal wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries currently are not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions that are otherwise compliant with law. The changes in our reported diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2020, from the comparable 2019 amounts, were impacted by various factors including operations. Our net revenues of $28.7 billion for the year ended December 31, 2020, decreased by $1.1 billion, or 3.7%, from the comparable 2019 amount, and were impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly in the second quarter of 2020 and continuing throughout the second half of the year. The change in our net revenues from the comparable 2019 amount was driven by unfavorable volume/mix, primarily due to lower cigarette volume, partially offset by higher heated tobacco unit volume. The unfavorable impact was also shown in "cost/other," mainly resulting from the deconsolidation of our Canadian subsidiary, Rothman, Benson & Hedges, Inc., effective March 22, 2019, and lower fees for certain distribution rights billed to customers in certain markets. The Gulf Cooperation Council is defined as Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. For further details on the deconsolidation of RBH, see item 8, note 17. The performance of our products and our strategic resource allocation are critical to our ability to respond to market dynamics and consumer demands, ensuring operational efficiency and business innovation in a competitive landscape.