The rapid, global spread of covid-19 has negatively impacted consumer demand for certain devices that incorporate our products and intellectual property, which negatively impacted our business and results of operations in fiscal 2020. We believe that 5G will drive growth and transformation in emerging device categories and industries that will create new business models and new services, resulting from the expanding adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones by industry segments or applications beyond mobile, such as automotive and IoT. We expect our research and development costs will increase in the near-term primarily due to increased investment towards advancements in 5G and application processor technologies and certain other long-term initiatives. Our business and operating segments develop and commercialize foundational technologies and products used in mobile devices and other wireless products. We derive revenues principally from sales of integrated circuit products and licensing our intellectual property, including patents and other rights. We expect qct revenues to be favorably impacted in the near-term as we anticipate a ramp in volume of shipments to support apple's 2020 iphone product launches. We expect continued intense competition, particularly in China, as our competitors expand their product offerings and/or reduce the prices of their products as part of a strategy to attract new and/or retain existing customers. Our qct segment revenues increased primarily due to higher revenues per msm and accompanying rf, pm and wireless connectivity chipset shipments, primarily driven by a favorable mix due to an increase in demand for 5G products. The increase in qtl licensing revenues in fiscal 2020 was primarily due to an increase in estimated sales of 3G/4G/5G-based multimode products, primarily due to new license agreements with apple and huawei signed in April 2019 and July 2020, respectively. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation, and licensing of 5G technologies, and to be a leading developer and supplier of 5G integrated circuit products in order to sustain and grow our business long term. The impact of the covid-19 pandemic on sales of devices that incorporate our products and intellectual property was most significant in the March 2020 and June 2020 quarters. We recorded impairment losses on other investments of $405 million, an increase of $270 million compared to fiscal 2019, a portion of which was due in part to the impacts of covid-19 on certain companies in which we hold non-marketable investments. We expect our business to be impacted by the following key items: the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in significant economic uncertainty and has led to a global recession. We expect the pandemic will continue to have a negative impact on qtl and qct revenues in the near term based on a reduction in consumer demand for smartphones and other products. We have not experienced, and we currently do not anticipate a material adverse impact on our ability, or our suppliers' ability, to manufacture and test our products or on our ability to provide our products to our customers. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless value chain and governments as to the benefits of our licensing program and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. We expect increased demand in the December quarter from certain Chinese OEMs as they position to gain device share, particularly in China.