The merger has altered the size and scope of our operations, impacting our assets, liabilities, obligations, capital requirements, and performance measures. We expect to enhance the breadth and depth of our nationwide 5G network, accelerate innovation, increase competition in the U.S. wireless, video, and broadband industries, and achieve significant synergies and cost reductions by eliminating redundancies within the combined network as well as other business processes and operations. Integration costs to achieve efficiencies in network, retail, information technology, and back-office operations are included in merger-related costs. We expect our restructuring activities to occur over the next three years, with substantially all costs incurred by the end of fiscal year 2023. We are evaluating additional restructuring initiatives which are dependent on consultations and negotiations with certain counterparties and the expected impact on our business operations. As a critical communications infrastructure provider, our focus has been on providing crucial connectivity to our customers and impacted communities while ensuring the safety and well-being of our employees. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected our business, including the demand for our products and services and the ways in which our customers purchase and use them. We implemented remote working arrangements for many employees, transitioning a significant portion of our internal and global care employees to a work-from-home environment. We also took steps to ensure that all current T-Mobile customers with smartphone data plans were provided connectivity to learn and work remotely. The merger-related costs include integration costs to achieve efficiencies in information technology and back-office operations, which are critical for supporting business needs. The anticipated impacts of our restructuring activities are expected to result in a reduction of expenses within cost of services and selling, general and administrative in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. We have incurred substantial expenses as a result of completing the transactions and compliance with government commitments, and we are expected to incur substantial restructuring expenses in connection with integrating and coordinating T-Mobile's and Sprint's businesses, operations, policies, and procedures. The financial condition and results of operations discussed throughout our management's discussion and analysis are those of T-Mobile US, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. We have taken actions to adjust our spending given the significant uncertainty around the magnitude and duration of any recessionary impacts arising from the pandemic. The components comprising adjusted EBITDA are discussed further above, with the increase primarily due to higher total service revenues and higher equipment revenues, partially offset by higher cost of services expenses. Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses, the construction, expansion, and upgrading of our network infrastructure, and the integration of the networks, spectrum, technology, personnel, customer base, and business practices of T-Mobile and Sprint. We expect cash purchases of property and equipment to range from $11.7 billion to $12.0 billion in 2021. We maintain vendor financing arrangements primarily with our main network equipment suppliers, and we have entered into uncommitted financing lease facilities that provide us with the ability to enter into financing leases for network equipment and services.