The long-term success of this business is dependent upon increasing margins through greater volumes. We continue to increase the production of our energy storage products to meet high levels of demand. We remain committed to increasing our retrofit solar energy business by offering a low-cost and simplified online ordering experience. In addition, we are working to improve our installation capabilities for solar roof by onboarding and training a large number of installers and reducing the installation time dramatically. As these product lines grow, we will have to maintain adequate battery cell supply for our energy storage products and hire additional personnel, particularly skilled electricians to support the ramp of solar roof. Our cash flows from operating activities during 2020 were significantly affected by our cash investments to support the growth of our business in areas such as research and development and selling, general and administrative and working capital, especially inventory, which includes vehicles in transit. Our operating cash inflows include cash from vehicle sales, customer lease payments, customer deposits, cash from sales of regulatory credits and energy generation and storage products. These cash inflows are offset by our payments to suppliers for production materials and parts used in our manufacturing process, operating expenses, operating lease payments and interest payments on our financings. We expect that the cash we generate from our core operations will generally be sufficient to cover our future capital expenditures and to pay down our near-term debt obligations, although we may choose to seek alternative financing sources. As part of our response strategy to the business disruptions and uncertainty around macroeconomic conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, we instituted cost reduction initiatives across our business globally to be commensurate to the scope of our operations while they were scaled back in the first half of 2020. This included temporary labor cost reduction measures such as employee furloughs and compensation reductions. Additionally, we suspended non-critical operating spend and opportunistically renegotiated supplier and vendor arrangements. We continue to ramp production, build new manufacturing capacity and expand our operations to enable increased deliveries and deployments of our products and further revenue growth. We are currently focused on increasing vehicle production and capacity, developing and ramping our battery cell technology, increasing the affordability of our vehicles, expanding our global infrastructure and introducing our next vehicles. We cannot predict the duration or direction of current global trends from this pandemic, the sustained impact of which is largely unknown, is rapidly evolving and has varied across geographic regions. Ultimately, we continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions to remain flexible and to optimize and evolve our business as appropriate, and we will have to accurately project demand and infrastructure requirements globally and deploy our production, workforce and other resources accordingly. Our goal is to continuously decrease production costs and increase the affordability of our vehicles. We are continuing to develop and manufacture our own battery cells, with which we are targeting high-volume output, lower capital and production costs and longer range. As cell supply is critical to our business, coupling this strategy with cells from our suppliers will help us stay ahead of any potential constraints.