Technology is the foundation of our company, and our strategy to maximize free cash flow per share growth has three elements, including discipline in allocating capital to the best opportunities, which spans how we select R&D projects and develop new capabilities. We have long had a business continuity plan in place for unforeseeable situations, like we have seen with COVID-19. Additionally, over the past several years, we have invested in building inventory and expanding our global internally owned manufacturing footprint. Investing in these capabilities has given us flexibility, such as the ability to build products across multiple manufacturing sites. Our strategic focus is on analog and embedded processing products sold into six end markets, and we place additional strategic emphasis on designing and selling those products into the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best growth opportunities. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations, underscoring the strength of our business model. We believe that our business model with the combined effect of our four competitive advantages sets TI apart from our peers and will for a long time to come. We will invest to strengthen our competitive advantages, be disciplined in capital allocation, and stay diligent in our pursuit of efficiencies. The impact of COVID-19 has led us to remain cautious about how the economy might behave for the next few years, and we continue to monitor and assess the situation and address implications to our business, supply chain, and customer demand. Our investments have helped to minimize disruptions but may not be sufficient to eliminate them. Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined based on similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes, and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. Our revenue and gross profit are affected by changes in demand for higher-priced or lower-priced products, which we refer to as changes in the "mix" of products shipped. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. We have invested in new manufacturing capacity and technology, which supports our operational flexibility and capability to respond to market dynamics. Our focus on operational efficiency and the strategic allocation of resources is critical to achieving our business objectives and enhancing our competitive positioning. The quality of our product portfolio and the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy reflect our commitment to leveraging technology capabilities to support business needs and drive performance gains. We recognize the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to further organizational goals.