The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. The pandemic caused a dramatic slowdown of the economy as government intervention forced closures and changed individual behaviors, and businesses transformed their operations to protect the health and safety of their employees, customers, and communities. We were able to adjust our demand-driven resources to reflect these fluctuations with minimal disruptions to our customers. Our operational transformation produced an all-time record operating ratio, improving 0.7 points from 2019. We will continue to transform our railroad to further increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource utilization. Continued implementation of train length initiatives will allow us to add incremental volume growth to our existing train network. We will continue to make structural changes to improve operational performance and efficiency. Our capital plan includes investments intended to support growth and improve productivity and operational efficiency. We expect uncertainties with COVID-19 and the economy to continue, which could result in or contribute to customer disruptions, an elongated recovery period, or a downturn from our current business levels. We are continually evaluating the impact of COVID-19 on our financial condition and liquidity. Our focus will be on what we can manage, such as increasing productivity; seeking new business opportunities; protecting our employees, customers, and communities; and providing excellent service to our customers. We will continue using a multi-faceted approach to safety utilizing technology, risk assessments, training, employee engagement, quality control, and targeted capital investments. We will continue using and expanding the deployment of total safety culture throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. We will continue our efforts to utilize data to identify and mitigate risk, detect rail defects, improve or close crossings, and educate the public and law enforcement agencies about crossing safety through a combination of our own programs. Our operating ratio of 59.9% was an all-time record and improved mainly driven by productivity initiatives, lower fuel prices, and core pricing gains. Our freight revenues decreased year-over-year driven by a volume decline, lower fuel surcharge, and negative mix of traffic, partially offset by core pricing gains. We expect volume to be up in 2021 compared to 2020, provided the second half of the year's industrial production strengthens as predicted by economists. We expect to generate strong cash from operating activities along with maintaining our dividend and share repurchase program. Our principal sources of liquidity include cash, cash equivalents, our receivables securitization facility, our revolving credit facility, as well as the availability of commercial paper and other sources of financing through the capital markets. The implementation of our new transportation plan has generated capacity. We will continue to harden our infrastructure, replace older assets, and improve the safety and resilience of the network. We believe this measure is important to management and investors in evaluating our financial performance and measures our ability to generate cash without additional external financing.