Our risk disclosures emphasize that our ability “to develop and implement improvements in technology or respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change” is central to supporting our business processes and strategic initiatives, and that we “depend in large part on our technology systems for conducting business, as well as for providing the data and analytics we use to manage our business.” We have undertaken “strategic initiatives involving investments in or partnerships with technology companies … as well as investments in technology and infrastructure to support our own systems,” including “artificial intelligence (AI), digital platforms, data analytics, robotics and blockchain,” in order to “simplify and improve the client experience, increase efficiencies, alter business models and effect other potentially disruptive changes.”  We recognize that competing effectively requires “maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems that support our business processes … in a cost and resource efficient manner, particularly as our business processes become more digital,” and that failure to keep pace could “adversely impact” our results of operations. We “rely on the efficient, uninterrupted and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit and store electronic information,” and face “ongoing challenges” in “managing access controls in a complex environment” under remote-work arrangements, which “have increased the risk of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks or unauthorized dissemination of personal, confidential, proprietary or sensitive data.” Despite “ongoing efforts to improve our ability to protect data from compromise,” we may not be able to “deploy adequate safeguards” such as “data encryption, heightened monitoring and logging, scanning for source code errors or deployment of multi-factor authentication” in a timely manner across our diverse, global IT infrastructure. The “breadth and complexity of the technologies we use and the software and platforms we develop continue to grow, including … mobile devices, cloud services, ‘open source’ software, social media and the increased reliance on devices connected to the internet,” which “also increases” our vulnerability to cybersecurity breaches. We “use hundreds of IT vendors and software providers to maintain and secure our global information systems infrastructure,” and depend on these third parties to comply with “service level agreements in a high quality and timely manner … maintain adequate internal controls that may impact our own financial reporting” and “adequately maintain the confidentiality of any of our data or trade secrets.” The “process of integrating the information systems of any businesses we acquire is complex” and poses additional IT risks, while our business continuity “depends in particular upon our ability to protect our technology infrastructure against damage” and to “continue to provide services to our clients” in the event of disasters or system failures. Finally, compliance with “U.S. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security and data protection, such as … GDPR and CCPA,” and emerging data localization and cybersecurity regulations, “will continue to require time, resources and review of the technology and systems we use,” underscoring the necessity of robust IT governance, process optimization and resource allocation to sustain “information accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity and access” in support of our competitive advantage.