general operating expenses decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives, partially offset by higher technology-related expenses and an increase in bad debt expense. in the prior year, general operating expenses benefitted from an unusually low bad debt expense.
table of contents item 7 / results of operations / commercial insurance the general operating expense ratio decreased by 0.7 points in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives, partially offset by higher technology-related expenses and an increase in bad debt expense. in 2013, general operating expenses benefitted from an unusually low bad debt expense.
general operating expenses decreased in 2014 compared to 2013. excluding the effect of foreign exchange, general operating expenses remained flat, as efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives were offset by increased technology-related expenses.
the general operating expense ratio remained unchanged in 2014 compared to 2013, reflecting the impact of efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives, offset by increased technology-related expenses.
we recognize that climate change has implications for insurance industry exposure to natural catastrophe risk. with multiple levels of risk management processes in place, we actively analyze the latest climate science and policy to anticipate potential changes to our risk profile, pricing models and strategic planning. for example, we continually consider changes in climate and weather patterns as an integral part of the underwriting process. in addition, we are committed to providing innovative insurance products and services to help our clients be proactive against the threat of climate change, including expanding natural disaster resilience, promoting adaptation, and reducing greenhouse gas emissions. our internal product development, underwriting, modeling, and sustainability practices will continue to adapt to and evolve with the developing risk exposures attributed to climate change.