item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with "selected financial data" and our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto which appear elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. this discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the caption "risk factors" or in other parts of this annual report on form 10-k.
overview we are a leading designer, developer and global supplier of a broad range of semiconductor devices with a focus on analog iii-v based products and complex digital and mixed signal complementary metal oxide semiconductor based devices. we have a history of innovation and offer thousands of products that are used in end products such as smartphones, hard disk drives, computer servers, consumer appliances, data networking and telecommunications equipment, enterprise storage and servers, and factory automation and industrial equipment. we have four reportable segments: wireless communications, wired infrastructure, enterprise storage and industrial & other, which align with our target markets. we differentiate ourselves through our high performance design and integration capabilities and focus on developing products for target markets where we believe we can earn attractive margins.
original equipment manufacturers, or oems, or their contract manufacturers, and distributors typically account for the substantial majority of our sales. we have established strong relationships with leading oem customers across multiple target markets and we have a direct sales force focused on supporting large oems. we also distribute a substantial portion of our products through our broad distribution network, and a significant amount of these sales are to large global electronic components distributors, including avnet, inc. and arrow electronics, inc. we have a diversified and well-established base of thousands of end customers, located throughout the world, which we serve through our multi-channel sales and fulfillment system.
the demand for our products has been affected in the past, and is likely to continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including the following:
•   general economic and market conditions in the semiconductor industry and in our target markets;
•   our ability to define specifications for, develop or acquire, complete, introduce and market, new products and technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner;
•   the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of expected customer orders and our ability to manage inventory;
•   the rate at which our present and future customers and end-users adopt our products and technologies in our target markets, and the rate at which our customers' products that include our technology are accepted in their markets; and
•   the qualification, availability and pricing of competing products and technologies and the resulting effects on sales and pricing of our products.
current uncertainty in global economic conditions, including the economic recovery in the united states and the level of growth in china, still poses significant risks to our business. for example, customers may defer purchases in response to tighter credit and negative financial news, which would in turn negatively affect product demand and our results of operations.
net revenue substantially all of our net revenue is derived from sales of semiconductor devices that our customers incorporate into electronic products. our four reportable segments are wireless communications, wired infrastructure, enterprise storage and industrial & other, which align with our target markets. applications for our products in these segments include smartphones, hard disk drives, or hdds, computer servers, consumer appliances, data networking and telecommunications equipment, enterprise storage and servers, factory automation and industrial equipment. the percentage of total net revenue generated by sales in each of our segments varies from fiscal quarter to quarter, due largely to fluctuations in end-market demand, including the effects of seasonality. the first fiscal quarter has historically been our lowest revenue and cash generating quarter due, in part, to holiday shut downs at many oem customers and distributors, and the first half of the fiscal year has tended to generate lower revenue than the second half of the fiscal year. however, in recent periods typical seasonality and industry cyclicality have been increasingly overshadowed by other factors such as wider macroeconomic effects, the timing of significant product transitions and launches by large oems, particularly in the wireless communications and enterprise storage segments.
we use distributors for a significant portion of our business and recognize revenue upon delivery of product to the distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. such revenue is reduced for estimated returns and distributor allowances. historically, a relatively small number of customers have accounted for a significant portion of our net revenue. sales to distributors accounted for 25% and 28% of our net revenue for the fiscal years ended november 2, 2014
and november 3, 2013, respectively. during the fiscal year ended november 2, 2014, or fiscal year 2014, foxconn technology group companies, or foxconn, accounted for 20% of our net revenue, and our top direct ten customers, which included three distributors, collectively accounted for 57% of our net revenue. during the fiscal year ended november 3, 2013, or fiscal year 2013, foxconn accounted for 18% of our net revenue and our top ten customers, which included three distributors, collectively accounted for 64% of our net revenue. we believe our aggregate sales to apple, inc., when our direct sales to it are combined with sales to the contract manufacturers that it utilizes, accounted for more than 10% of our net revenues for both fiscal years 2014 and 2013. we believe our aggregate sales to cisco systems inc., when our direct sales to it are combined with sales to the contract manufacturers that it utilizes, accounted for more than 10% of our net revenues for fiscal year 2013. we expect to continue to experience significant customer concentration in future periods. the loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top ten direct or indirect customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
costs and expenses total cost of products sold.  cost of products sold consists primarily of the cost of semiconductor wafers and other materials, and the cost of assembly and testing of those products. cost of products sold also includes personnel costs and overhead related to our manufacturing operations, including share-based compensation, and related occupancy, computer services and equipment costs, manufacturing quality, order fulfillment, warranty and inventory adjustments, including write-downs for inventory obsolescence, energy costs, other manufacturing expenses and acquisition-related costs. total cost of products sold also includes amortization of intangible assets and restructuring charges.
although we outsource a significant portion of our manufacturing activities, we also have some proprietary semiconductor fabrication and assembly and test facilities. if we are unable to utilize our owned fabrication and assembly and test facilities at a desired level, the fixed costs associated with these facilities will not be fully absorbed, resulting in higher average unit costs and lower gross margins.
research and development.  research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs for our engineers engaged in the design and development of our products and technologies, including share-based compensation expense. these expenses also include project material costs, third-party fees paid to consultants, prototype development expenses, allocated facilities costs and other corporate expenses, computer services costs related to supporting computer tools used in the engineering and design process and acquisition-related costs.
selling, general and administrative.  selling expense consists primarily of compensation and associated costs for sales and marketing personnel, including share-based compensation expense, sales commissions paid to our independent sales representatives, costs of advertising, trade shows, corporate marketing, promotion, travel related to our sales and marketing operations, related occupancy and equipment costs and other marketing costs. general and administrative expense consists primarily of compensation and associated costs for executive management, finance, human resources and other administrative personnel, outside professional fees, allocated facilities costs, acquisition-related costs and other corporate expenses.
amortization of intangible assets.  in connection with acquisitions, we recorded intangible assets that are being amortized over their estimated useful lives of 1 year to 25 years. we also recorded goodwill and in-process research and development, which are not amortized, in connection with acquisitions.
restructuring charges. restructuring charges consist primarily of compensation costs associated with employee exit programs, alignment of our global manufacturing operations, rationalizing product development program costs, fixed asset impairments, facility and lease abandonments and other exit costs, including curtailment of service or supply agreements.
interest expense. concurrent with the acquisition of lsi corporation, or lsi, we issued $1 billion principal amount of our 2% convertible senior notes due 2021, or the convertible notes. we also entered into a senior secured credit agreement with a group of banks, or the 2014 credit agreement, pursuant to which we borrowed $4.6 billion of term loans, or the term loans, to fund the lsi acquisition, and which provided for a $500 million senior secured, revolving credit facility, or the 2014 revolving credit facility. this facility replaced our prior $575 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility, or 2013 credit facility. interest expense in fiscal year 2014 included coupon interest, commitment fees, accretion of the discount associated with the convertible notes and amortization of debt issuance costs related to the 2014 credit agreement and the 2014 revolving credit facility. interest expense in fiscal year 2013 included commitment fees and amortization of debt issuance costs associated with the 2013 credit facility.
other income (expense), net.  other income (expense), net includes net realized gains on the sale of available-for-sale securities, realized and unrealized gains on trading securities, gains on the sale of investments, interest income, gains (losses) on currency remeasurement and other miscellaneous items.
provision for income taxes.  we have structured our operations to maximize the benefit from various tax incentives and tax holidays extended to us in various jurisdictions to encourage investment or employment. for example, we have obtained
several tax incentives from the singapore economic development board, an agency of the government of singapore, which provide that certain classes of income we earn in singapore are subject to tax holidays or reduced rates of singapore income tax. each such tax incentive is separate and distinct from the others, and may be granted, withheld, extended, modified, truncated, complied with or terminated independently without any effect on the other incentives. in order to retain these tax benefits in singapore, we must meet certain operating conditions specific to each incentive relating to, among other things, maintenance of a treasury function, a corporate headquarters function, specified intellectual property, or ip, activities and specified manufacturing activities in singapore. some of these operating conditions are subject to phase-in periods through 2015. the singapore tax incentives are presently scheduled to expire at various dates generally between 2015 and 2025, subject in certain cases to potential extensions. renewals and extensions of such tax incentives are in the discretion of the singapore government, and we may not be able to extend these tax incentive arrangements after their expiration on similar terms or at all. we may elect not to seek to renew or extend certain tax incentive arrangements. absent such tax incentives, the corporate income tax rate in singapore that would otherwise apply to us would be 17%. in february 2010, the malaysian government granted us a tax holiday on our qualifying malaysian income, which is effective for 10 years beginning with our fiscal year 2009. the tax incentives that we have negotiated in malaysia and other jurisdictions are also subject to our compliance with various operating and other conditions. if we cannot, or elect not to, comply with the operating conditions included in any particular tax incentive, we will lose the related tax benefits. in such event, we could be required to refund material tax benefits previously realized by us with respect to that incentive and, depending on the incentive at issue, could likely be required to modify our operational structure and tax strategy. any such modified structure may not be as beneficial to us from an income tax expense or operational perspective as the benefits provided under the present tax concession arrangements. as a result of the tax incentives and tax holidays we have obtained, if we continue to comply with their respective operating conditions, we expect the income from our operations to be subject to relatively lower income taxes than would otherwise be the case under ordinary income tax rules. for fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, the effect of all these tax incentives was to reduce the overall provision for income taxes by approximately $99 million, $77 million and $81 million, respectively.
our interpretations and conclusions regarding the tax incentives are not binding on any taxing authority, and if our assumptions about tax and other laws are incorrect or if these tax incentives are substantially modified or rescinded we could suffer material adverse tax and other financial consequences, which would increase our expenses, reduce our profitability and adversely affect our cash flows. in addition, taxable income in any jurisdiction is dependent upon acceptance of our operational practices and intercompany transfer pricing by local tax authorities as being on an arm's length basis. due to inconsistencies in application of the arm's length standard among taxing authorities, as well as lack of adequate treaty-based protection, transfer pricing challenges by tax authorities could, if successful, substantially increase our income tax expense.
going forward, our effective tax rate will vary based on a variety of factors, including overall profitability, the geographical mix of income before income taxes and the related tax rates in the jurisdictions where we operate, as well as discrete events, such as settlements of future audits and acquisitions we may make from time to time. in particular, we may owe significant taxes in jurisdictions outside singapore during periods when we are profitable in those jurisdictions even though we may be experiencing low operating profit or operating losses on a consolidated basis, potentially resulting in significant tax liabilities on a consolidated basis during those periods. our historical provision for income taxes is not necessarily reflective of our future results of operations.
on august 12, 2014, we acquired plx technology, inc., or plx, a provider of pci express semiconductor and software connectivity solutions, for approximately $308 million, which included cash paid to plx shareholders of $299 million and cash paid for fully vested stock options and restricted stock units of $9 million. we funded the transaction with available cash.
lsi corporation on may 6, 2014, we acquired lsi, a company that provides high-performance storage and networking semiconductors used in hdd, solid state drives, communication systems, computer servers, storage systems and personal computers, through a merger of lsi into one of our indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries. the aggregate consideration for the acquisition was approximately $6,518 million, which included cash paid to lsi stockholders of $6,344 million, cash paid for fully vested stock options and restricted stock units of $154 million and $20 million for the fair value of partially vested assumed equity awards. we funded the transaction with the proceeds from the issuance of $1 billion in aggregate principal amount of our convertible notes, the proceeds from $4.6 billion in term loans borrowed under the 2014 credit agreement entered at the closing of the transaction, as well as cash on hand of the combined companies.
on june 28, 2013, we acquired cyoptics, inc., or cyoptics, a u.s.-based company that manufactures and sells indium phosphide, optical chip and component technologies for the data communications and telecommunications markets for approximately $377 million, of which $373 million was paid in cash, net of $3 million in cash acquired. during fiscal year 2014, we also paid $4 million of additional deferred consideration to the previous shareholders of cyoptics. in addition, approximately $27 million was payable to key employees of cyoptics as part of a retention bonus plan. this amount was paid into escrow, will be paid to those employees over a three-year period subsequent to the acquisition date and is being recognized as compensation expense over the same period. for eligible cyoptics employees whose employment is involuntarily terminated by the company, their retention bonus payments are accelerated and due in full upon such termination in accordance with the provisions of the plan. during fiscal year 2014, we recognized compensation expense of $10 million due to the departure of certain plan participants. as of november 2, 2014, $17 million of the total $27 million had been paid to eligible cyoptics employees.
the accompanying consolidated financial statements include the results of operations of acquired companies commencing on their respective acquisition dates. (see note 3. "acquisitions and investments")
divestitures sale of lsi's flash components division and accelerated solutions division on september 2, 2014, we sold our lsi flash components division and accelerated solutions division, or the flash business, to seagate technology llc for $450 million, resulting in a gain on sale of $18 million.
sale of the lsi axxia networking business on august 13, 2014, we and intel corporation, or intel, announced the signing of a definitive agreement for intel to acquire lsi's axxia networking business and related assets, or the axxia business, for $650 million. the transaction closed on november 18, 2014.
investments as a result of the acquisition of lsi on may 6, 2014, we acquired a 51% equity interest in a joint venture, silicon manufacturing partners pte ltd., or smp, owned by us and globalfoundries, a manufacturing foundry for integrated circuits. smp operates an ic manufacturing facility in singapore. we account for our ownership position in smp under the equity method of accounting. as of november 2, 2014, the carrying amount of our equity interest in this entity was $22 million. the equity interest is reported in other long-term assets on our consolidated balance sheet.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states, or gaap, requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. we base our estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. the actual results experienced by us may differ materially and adversely from our estimates. our critical accounting policies are those that affect our historical financial statements materially and involve difficult, subjective or complex judgments by management. those policies include revenue recognition, business combinations, valuation of long-lived assets, intangible assets and goodwill, inventory valuation and warranty reserves, accounting for income taxes, retirement and post-retirement benefit plan assumptions, share-based compensation and employee bonus programs.
revenue recognition.  we recognize revenue related to sales of our products, net of sales returns and allowances, provided that (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred and title and risk of loss have transferred, (iii) the price is fixed or determinable and (iv) collectibility is reasonably assured. delivery is considered to have occurred when title and risk of loss have transferred to the customer. we consider the price to be fixed or determinable when the price is not subject to refund or adjustments or when any such adjustments can be estimated. we evaluate the creditworthiness of our customers to determine that appropriate credit limits are established prior to the acceptance of an order. revenue, including sales to resellers and distributors, is reduced for estimated returns and distributor allowances. we recognize revenue from sales of our products to distributors upon delivery of product to the distributors. an allowance for distributor credits, covering price adjustments and scrap allowances, is made based on our estimate of historical experience rates as well as consideration of prevailing economic conditions and contractual terms. to date, actual distributor claims activity has been materially consistent with the provisions we have made based on our historical estimates. however, because of the inherent nature of estimates, there is always a risk that there could be significant differences between actual amounts and our estimates. different judgments or estimates could result in variances that might be significant to reported operating results.
we enter into development agreements with some of our customers and recognize revenue from these agreements upon completion and acceptance by the customer of contract deliverables or as services are provided, depending on the terms of the arrangement. revenue is deferred for any amounts billed or received prior to completion of milestones or delivery of services. as we retain the ip generated from these development agreements, costs related to these arrangements are included in research and development expense.
we recognize revenue from the sale and licensing of our ip when the following fundamental criteria are met:(i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collection of resulting receivables is reasonably assured. revenue from upfront payments for the licensing of our patents is recognized when the arrangement is mutually signed, if there is no future delivery or future performance obligation and all other criteria are met. revenue from guaranteed royalty streams are recognized when paid, or collection is reasonably assured and all other criteria are met. when patent licensing arrangements include royalties for future sales of the licensees' products using our licensed patented technology, revenue is recognized when the royalty report is received from the licensee, at which time the sales price is fixed or determinable, provided that all other criteria have been met.
accounting for business combinations. we use the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations and recognize assets acquired and liabilities assumed measured at their fair values on the date acquired. this requires us to recognize separately from goodwill the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair values. goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. while we use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date as well as contingent consideration, where applicable, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. as a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we adjust the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recognized in our consolidated statements of operations.
accounting for business combinations requires our management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date, including our estimates for intangible assets, contractual obligations assumed, restructuring liabilities, pre-acquisition contingencies and contingent consideration, where applicable. although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, they are based, in part, on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets we have acquired include, but are not limited to: future expected cash flows from product sales, customer contracts and acquired technologies, expected costs to develop in-process research and development into commercially viable products, estimated cash flows from the projects when completed, and discount rates. unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results.
valuation of long-lived assets, intangible assets and goodwill.  we assess the impairment of long-lived assets including business combinations related in-process research and development, assets, property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. factors we consider important, and which could trigger an impairment review of our long-lived and intangible assets, include significant under-performance relative to historical or projected future operating results, significant changes in the manner of our use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business, and significant negative industry or economic trends. an impairment loss must be measured if the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and before interest) from the use of the asset is less than the net book value of the asset. the amount of the impairment loss will generally be measured as the difference between the net book value of the asset (or asset group) and the estimated fair value.
goodwill is recorded when the purchase price for an acquisition exceeds the estimated fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired. goodwill is allocated to our reporting units based on the relative fair value of the future benefits of the purchased operations to our existing business units as well as the acquired business unit. reporting units may be operating segments as a whole or an operation one level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. our reporting units are consistent with the operating segments identified in note 10, segment information in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k.
we perform an annual impairment review of our goodwill during the fourth fiscal quarter of each year, and more frequently if we believe indicators of impairment exist, and we follow the two-step approach in performing the impairment test in accordance with the accounting guidance on goodwill and other intangible assets. the first step of the goodwill impairment test compares the estimated fair value of the reporting unit with the related carrying amount. if the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, the reporting unit's goodwill is not considered to be impaired and the second step of the impairment test is unnecessary. if the reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its estimated fair value, the second step of the test must be performed to measure the amount of the goodwill impairment loss, if any. the second step of the test compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill, determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination, with the carrying amount of such goodwill. if the carrying amount of the reporting unit's goodwill
exceeds the implied fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. the process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is highly subjective and requires significant judgment.
determining the fair value of a reporting unit involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. our goodwill impairment test uses both the income approach and the market approach to estimate a reporting unit's fair value. the income approach is based on the discounted cash flow method that uses the reporting unit estimates for forecasted future financial performance including revenues, operating expenses, and taxes, as well as working capital and capital asset requirements. these estimates are developed as part of our long-term planning process based on assumed market segment growth rates and our assumed market segment share, estimated costs based on historical data and various internal estimates. projected cash flows are then discounted to a present value employing a discount rate that properly accounts for the estimated market weighted-average cost of capital, as well as any risk unique to the subject cash flows. the market approach is based on weighting financial multiples of comparable companies and applies a control premium. a reporting unit's carry value represents the assignment of various assets and liabilities, excluding certain corporate assets and liabilities, such as cash and debt.
for fiscal year 2014, we determined that for each of our reporting units with significant amounts of goodwill, it is more likely than not that the fair value of each of these reporting units exceeded its carrying value. as a result, we concluded that no impairment of goodwill was identified based on the annual impairment review during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014.
the process of evaluating the potential impairment of long-lived assets under the accounting guidance on property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets such as ours, is also highly subjective and requires significant judgment. in order to estimate the fair value of long-lived assets, we typically make various assumptions about the future prospects about our business or the part of our business that the long-lived asset relates to, consider market factors specific to the business and estimate future cash flows to be generated by the business, which requires significant judgment as it is based on assumptions about market demand for our products over a number of future years. based on these assumptions and estimates, we determine whether we need to take an impairment charge to reduce the value of the long-lived asset stated on our consolidated balance sheet to reflect its estimated fair value. assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful lives are complex and often subjective. they can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors, such as the real estate market, industry and economic trends, and internal factors, such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts. although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, changes in assumptions and estimates could materially impact our reported financial results.
inventory valuation and warranty reserves.  we value our inventory at the lower of the actual cost of the inventory or the current estimated market value of the inventory, with cost being determined under the first-in, first-out method. we regularly review inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our forecast of product demand and production requirements. demand for our products can fluctuate significantly from period to period. a significant decrease in demand could result in an increase in the amount of excess inventory quantities on hand. in addition, our industry is characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product development and rapid product obsolescence that could result in an increase in the amount of obsolete inventory quantities on hand. additionally, our estimates of future product demand may prove to be inaccurate, which may cause us to understate or overstate both the provision required for excess and obsolete inventory and cost of products sold. therefore, although we make every effort to ensure the accuracy of our forecasts of future product demand, any significant unanticipated changes in demand or technological developments could have a significant impact on the value of our inventory and our results of operations. we establish reserves for estimated product warranty costs at the time revenue is recognized. although we engage in extensive product quality control programs and processes, our warranty obligation has been and may in the future be affected by product failure rates, product recalls, repair or field replacement costs and additional development costs incurred in correcting any product failure, as well as possible claims for consequential costs. should actual product failure rates, use of materials or service delivery costs differ from our estimates, additional warranty reserves could be required. in that event, our gross margins would be reduced.
accounting for income taxes.  we account for income taxes in accordance with the accounting guidance on income taxes. the provision for income taxes is computed using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities, and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in effect for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized or settled. we record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized. significant management judgment is required in developing our provision for income taxes, including the determination of deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowances that might be required against the deferred tax assets. we have considered projected future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in assessing the need for valuation allowances. if we determine, in the future, that a valuation allowance is required, such adjustment to the deferred tax assets would increase our tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. conversely, if we determine, in the future, a valuation allowance exceeds our requirement, such adjustment to the deferred tax assets would decrease tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. in evaluating the exposure associated
with various tax filing positions, we accrue an income tax liability when such positions do not meet the more-likely-than-not threshold for recognition.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax law and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in singapore and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest will be due. if our estimate of income tax liabilities proves to be less than the actual amount ultimately assessed, a further charge to expense would be required. if the payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities no longer exist.
the gross unrecognized tax benefit increased by $450 million during fiscal year 2014 to $487 million as of november 2, 2014 from $37 million as of november 3, 2013. the gross unrecognized tax benefit as of october 28, 2012 was $27 million.
we recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes line in the consolidated statements of operations. accrued interest and penalties are included within the other long-term liabilities line in the consolidated balance sheets. as of november 2, 2014 and november 3, 2013, the combined amount of cumulative accrued interest and penalties was approximately $23 million and $4 million, respectively.
retirement and post-retirement benefit plan assumptions.  retirement and post-retirement benefit plan costs are a significant cost of doing business. they represent obligations that will ultimately be settled sometime in the future and therefore are subject to estimation. pension accounting is intended to reflect the recognition of future retirement and post-retirement benefit plan costs over the employees' average expected future service to the company, based on the terms of the plans and investment and funding decisions. to estimate the impact of these future payments and our decisions concerning funding of these obligations, we are required to make assumptions using actuarial concepts within the framework of gaap. one critical assumption is the discount rate used to calculate the estimated costs. other important assumptions include the expected long-term return on plan assets, the health care cost trend rate, expected future salary increases, expected future increases to benefit payments, expected retirement dates, employee turnover, retiree mortality rates, and portfolio composition. we evaluate these assumptions at least annually.
the discount rate is used to determine the present value of future benefit payments at the relevant measurement dates - november 2, 2014 and november 3, 2013, for both u.s. and non-u.s. plans, in fiscal years 2014 and 2013, respectively. for fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the u.s. discount rates were based on the results of matching expected plan benefit payments with cash flows from a hypothetical yield curve constructed with high quality corporate bond yields. the discount rate for non-u.s. plans was based either on published rates for government bonds or use of a hypothetical yield curve constructed with high quality corporate bond yields, depending on the availability of sufficient quantities of quality corporate bonds. lower discount rates increase present values of the pension liabilities and subsequent year pension expense; higher discount rates decrease present values of the pension liabilities and subsequent year pension expense.
we base our salary increase assumptions on historical experience and future expectations. in developing the expected rate of return, we consider long-term compound annualized returns based on historical market data, historical and expected returns on the various categories of plan assets, and the target investment portfolio allocation among debt, equity securities and other investments.
the expected long-term return on plan assets is estimated using current and expected asset allocations as well as historical and expected returns. plan assets are valued at fair value. a 25 basis point change in the estimated long-term return on plan assets for 2014 assumptions would result in a $2.9 million impact on pension expense for fiscal year 2014.
for fiscal year 2014, we used an expected rate of return on plan assets of 7.3% for our u.s. pension plans. for our u.s. post-retirement benefit plan, we used a weighted-average long-term rate of return on assets of 5.4%. for the u.s. plans, we used a calculated market-related value of assets, or mrva, in determining the estimated return on plan assets. under the mrva, gains and losses are recognized over a five-year period. the mrva also affects the determination of amortization of gains or losses. as of november 2, 2014, both the mrva and fair value of the plans was $1,180 million. if we used the fair value, the net periodic benefit cost would remain the same for 2014.
actuarial assumptions are based on our best estimates and judgment. material changes may occur in retirement benefit costs in the future if these assumptions differ from actual events or experience. we performed a sensitivity analysis on the discount rate, which is the key assumption in calculating pension and post-retirement benefit obligation as of november 2, 2014. each change of 25 basis points in the discount rate assumption would have had an estimated $49 million impact on the benefit obligation as of november 2, 2014. each change of 25 basis points in the discount rate assumption and expected rate of return assumption would have an estimated change of $2 million and $3 million, respectively, on annual net retirement benefit costs for fiscal year 2014.
excluding curtailments and settlements, we recorded $2 million of net periodic retirement and post-retirement benefit income recorded in consolidated statement of operations in fiscal year 2014. the net periodic retirement and post-retirement
benefit costs recorded in consolidated statement of operations, excluding curtailments and settlements, were $6 million in fiscal year 2013 and $7 million in fiscal year 2012.
share-based compensation expense.  share-based compensation expense consists of expense for stock options and restricted share units, or rsus, granted to both employees and non-employees as well as expense associated with avago technologies limited employee share purchase plan, or espp. we recognize compensation expense based on the estimated grant date fair value method required under the authoritative guidance using black-scholes valuation model with a straight-line amortization method. since authoritative guidance requires that share-based compensation expense be based on awards that are ultimately expected to vest, estimated share-based compensation expense for such awards has been reduced for estimated forfeitures. changes in the estimated forfeiture rates can have a significant effect on share-based compensation expense since the effect of adjusting the rate is recognized in the period the forfeiture estimate is changed.
in the second quarter of fiscal year 2013, the company began granting share price performance options, which are accounted for as market-based stock options. the fair value of these market-based option awards is estimated on the date of grant using a monte carlo simulation model. assumptions utilized in the monte carlo simulation model follow the same methodology as our time-based option awards. compensation expense for market-based option awards is amortized based upon a graded vesting method and is recognized if the service period is met even if the market condition is not met.
the dividend yields for fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012 are based on the historical and expected dividend payouts as of the respective option grant dates. for fiscal year 2014, expected volatility for time-based and market-based options was based on our own historical share price volatility or combining historical volatility of guideline publicly-traded companies and our own historical share price volatility over the period commensurate with the expected life of the awards and the implied volatility from our own traded ordinary shares with a term of 180 days measured at a specific date. for fiscal year 2013, expected volatility was based on the combination of historical volatility of guideline publicly-traded companies and our own historical share price volatility over the period commensurate with the expected life of the awards and the implied volatility from traded options in guideline publicly-traded companies and our own shares with a term of 720 days or greater measured over the last three months. for fiscal year 2012, expected volatility was based on the combination of historical volatility of our previous group of guideline publicly-traded companies over the period commensurate with the expected life of the options and the implied volatility of guideline publicly-traded companies from traded options with a term of 180 days or greater measured over the last three months. the risk-free interest rate is derived from the average u.s. treasury strips rate during the period, which approximates the rate in effect at the time of grant. for fiscal year 2014, the expected term for time-based options was based on a weighted-average combining the average life of options that have already been exercised or cancelled with the expected life of all unexercised options. the expected life for unexercised options is calculated assuming that the options will be exercised at the midpoint of the vesting date (if unvested) or the valuation date (if vested) and the full contractual term. our computations of expected term for time-based options prior to fiscal year 2014 were based on data, such as the data of peer companies and company-specific attributes, which we believe could affect employees' exercise behavior. the expected life of market-based stock options valued using monte carlo simulation techniques is based upon the vesting dates forecasted by the simulation and assumes that options which vest, and for which the market condition has been satisfied, are exercised at the midpoint between the forecasted vesting date and their expiration.
we grant rsus, which are equity awards that are granted with an exercise price equal to zero and represent the right to receive one of our ordinary shares per rsu immediately upon vesting. we recognize compensation expense for rsus using the straight-line amortization method based on the fair value of rsus on the date of grant. in fiscal year 2014, the fair value of rsus is the closing market price of our ordinary shares on the date of grant, reduced by the present value of dividends expected to be paid on our common stock prior to vesting. prior to fiscal year 2014, the fair value of rsus is the closing market price of our ordinary shares on the date of grant.
we also record share-based compensation expense based on an estimate of the fair value of rights to purchase ordinary shares under the espp and recognize this share-based compensation expense using the straight-line amortization method.
employee bonus programs. our employee bonus programs, which are overseen by our compensation committee, provide for variable compensation based on the attainment of overall corporate annual targets and functional performance metrics. in the first fiscal quarter of the year, if management determines that it is probable that the targets and metrics will be achieved and the amounts can be reasonably estimated, a variable, proportional compensation accrual is recorded based on an assumed 100% achievement of the targets and metrics. the bonus payout levels can be greater if attainment of metrics and targets is greater than 100% and a portion of the payouts may not occur if a minimum floor of performance is not achieved. in subsequent quarters, we monitor and accrue for variable compensation expense based on our actual progress toward the achievement of the annual targets and metrics. the actual achievement of target metrics at the end of the fiscal year, which is subject to approval by our compensation committee, may result in the actual variable compensation amounts being significantly higher or lower than the relevant estimated amounts accrued in earlier quarters, which would result in a corresponding adjustment in the fourth fiscal quarter.
fiscal year presentation we operate on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year which ends on the sunday closest to october 31. fiscal year 2013 consisted of 53 weeks, with the extra week falling in the first quarter of fiscal year 2013. each of fiscal years 2014 and 2012 consisted of 52 weeks.
the financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k are presented in accordance with gaap and expressed in u.s. dollars.
results of operations fiscal year ended november 2, 2014 compared to fiscal year ended november 3, 2013
the following tables set forth our results of operations for the fiscal years ended november 2, 2014 and november 3, 2013.
(in millions)                 (as a percentage of net revenue)
statement of operations data:
cost of products sold:
cost of products sold                                                                                      2,121                 1,260                 50                         50
amortization of intangible assets                                                                            249                    61                  6                          2
total cost of products sold                                                                                2,392                 1,322                 56                         52
research and development                                                                                     695                   398                 16                         16
amortization of intangible assets                                                                            197                    24                  5                          1
total operating expenses                                                                                   1,439                   646                 34                         26
loss on extinguishment of debt                                                                                 -                    (1     )            -                          -
loss from discontinued operations (including a gain on disposal of $18 million), net of income taxes         (46     )               -                 (1        )                 -
net revenue.  net revenue was $4,269 million for fiscal year 2014 compared to $2,520 million for fiscal year 2013, an increase of $1,749 million or 69%. the increase in net revenue was primarily due to revenue contribution from the acquired lsi and plx businesses and strength in the wireless communications and wired infrastructure segments. net revenue for fiscal year 2014 included $160 million of revenue from development arrangements and sales and licensing of ip compared to $87 million for fiscal year 2013.
historically, a relatively small number of customers have accounted for a significant portion of our net revenue. during fiscal year 2014, foxconn accounted for 20% of our net revenue. our top ten customers for fiscal year 2014, which included three distributors, collectively accounted for 57% of our net revenue. we believe our aggregate sales to apple inc., when our direct sales to it are combined with indirect sales to the contract manufacturers that it utilizes, accounted for more than 10% of our net revenues, for both fiscal years 2014 and 2013. we believe our aggregate sales to cisco systems, inc., when our direct
sales to it are combined with indirect sales to the contract manufacturers that it utilizes, accounted for more than 10% of our net revenues, for fiscal year 2013. we expect to continue to experience significant customer concentration in future periods. the loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top ten customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
gross margin.  gross margin was $1,877 million for fiscal year 2014 compared to $1,198 million for fiscal year 2013, an increase of $679 million. as a percentage of net revenue, gross margin was 44% for fiscal year 2014, compared to 48% for fiscal year 2013. the increase in gross margin dollars for fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was due primarily to gross margin contributions from the enterprise storage segment and application specific integrated circuits, or asics, added as a result of the lsi acquisition, an increase in net revenue from, and improved product mix in, our wireless communications segment, as well as additional gross margin contributions from cyoptics, which we acquired during the third quarter of fiscal year 2013. the decrease in gross margin as a percentage of revenue for fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was due primarily to the charges associated with the inventory step-up to fair value, large increases in amortization of intangible assets and restructuring expenses primarily related to the lsi acquisition, partially offset by improved gross margins in our wireless communications segment due to improved utilization of our internal manufacturing fabrication facility and favorable product mix.
research and development.  research and development expense was $695 million for fiscal year 2014, compared to $398 million for fiscal year 2013, an increase of $297 million or 75%. as a percentage of net revenue, research and development expense remained flat at 16% for fiscal year 2014, compared to fiscal year 2013. the majority of this increase, in absolute dollars, is related to the lsi acquisition completed at the beginning of the third quarter of fiscal year 2014, as well as a $50 million increase in compensation related expenses, including those associated with annual merit-based salary increases, additional headcount costs, accrued incentive compensation expense related to our employee bonus program, share-based compensation expense attributable to annual focal employee equity awards at higher grant-date fair values, and retention compensation expense primarily related to employees acquired in the cyoptics transaction. the overall dollar increase was also attributable to a $21 million increase in project expenses, mainly attributable to increases in depreciation expense related to capital expenditures supporting research and development efforts and computer software expenses. we expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future, due to the increasing complexity and number of products we plan to develop.
selling, general and administrative.  selling, general and administrative expense was $407 million for fiscal year 2014 compared to $222 million for fiscal year 2013, an increase of $185 million or 83%. as a percentage of net revenue, selling, general and administrative expense increased slightly to 10% for fiscal year 2014 compared to 9% for fiscal year 2013. the increase in selling, general and administrative expense was primarily due to the lsi acquisition. other changes in components of selling, general and administrative expense for fiscal year 2014, compared to fiscal year 2013, consisted primarily of a $56 million increase in compensation related expenses, including share-based compensation attributable to annual focal employee equity awards at higher grant-date fair values, retention compensation expense primarily related to the cyoptics transaction, accrued incentive compensation expense related to our employee bonus program, annual merit-based salary increases and a $21 million increase in professional service fees, primarily related to the lsi transaction.
amortization of intangible assets.  total amortization expense of intangible assets was $446 million and $85 million, respectively, for fiscal years 2014 and 2013, an increase of $361 million. the increase in amortization expense for fiscal year 2014 was primarily attributable to the increase in amortizable intangible assets from the lsi, cyoptics and plx acquisitions. we anticipate our amortization expense will be substantially higher in future periods, primarily as a result of significant increases in amortizable intangible assets from these recent acquisitions.
restructuring charges.  we incurred total restructuring charges of $162 million for fiscal year 2014, which included $22 million and $140 million in cost of products sold and in operating expenses, respectively, compared to $3 million for fiscal year 2013, which included $1 million and $2 million in cost of products sold and in operating expenses, respectively. the restructuring charges incurred during fiscal year 2014 were due primarily to employee termination costs following the lsi acquisition. we expect to incur additional restructuring charges in future periods as a result of further integration and alignment of the completed lsi, plx and cyoptics acquisitions and acquisitions that we may make in the future.
interest expense.  interest expense was $110 million for fiscal year 2014, compared to $2 million for fiscal year 2013. this $108 million increase in interest expense was due to interest on our outstanding term loans, the convertible notes, and fees related to our 2014 revolving credit facility, together with the amortization of related debt issuance costs and accretion of the debt discount on the convertible notes. starting in fiscal year 2015, we expect to incur significantly higher aggregate interest expense due to the full annual effect of the borrowings we incurred to acquire lsi and commitment fees associated with the 2014 revolving credit facility. the related debt issuance costs will be charged to interest expense using the effective interest method over the respective borrowing terms. the commitment fees related to the 2014 revolving credit facility will be charged to interest expense over the commitment term.
other income, net.  other income, net was $14 million for fiscal year 2014 compared to other income, net of $19 million for fiscal year 2013. other income, net for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 is primarily attributable to realized gains on sales of investments.
provision for income taxes.  we recorded a provision for income taxes of $33 million for fiscal year 2014 compared to $16 million for fiscal year 2013. the provision for income taxes in fiscal year 2014 increased from the prior fiscal year primarily due to a change in the jurisdictional mix of income.
% of net revenue             november 2, 2014            november 3, 2013          change wireless communications         40   %                      48          %        39   %
fiscal year ended net revenue                   november 2,        november 3,                   change
fiscal year ended income from operations             november 2,            november 3,             change
wireless communications. net revenue from our wireless communications segment increased 39% in fiscal year 2014 compared with the prior year due to continued strength in worldwide mobile smartphone sales, an increase in the amount of our product content in those phones and the start of 4g/long-term evolution, or lte, adoption in china. the increase in our product content within new smartphone models was driven by increased adoption of our film bulk acoustic resonator, or fbar, technology products.
income from operations from our wireless communications segment was 39% of segment revenue. this was an increase of 95%, compared with fiscal year 2013, primarily due to higher revenue and proportionately lower manufacturing costs due to higher fabrication utilization.
wired infrastructure. net revenue from our wired infrastructure segment increased 55% in fiscal year 2014, compared with fiscal year 2013. the increase was primarily due to revenue contribution from the asics acquired from lsi and a full year of contributions from cyoptics, which was acquired in the third quarter of fiscal year 2013.
income from operations from our wired infrastructure segment was 25% of segment revenue. this was an increase of 79% compared with fiscal year 2013, primarily due to revenue increases that outpaced growth in research and development spending.
enterprise storage. net revenue and income from operations from our enterprise storage segment, which was 34% of segment revenue, resulted from our acquisition of lsi in may 2014.
industrial & other. net revenue from our industrial & other segment increased slightly in fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013, primarily due to the inclusion of ip licensing revenue related to lsi within the industrial & other segment.
income from operations from our industrial & other segment was 44% of segment revenue and increased slightly compared with fiscal year 2013, primarily due to the inclusion of ip licensing revenue generated from ip acquired from lsi within the industrial & other segment.
unallocated expenses. unallocated expenses include amortization of intangible assets primarily due to our acquisitions, share-based compensation expense, restructuring charges, acquisition-related costs, including charges related to inventory step-up to fair value, and other costs that are not used in evaluating the results of, or in allocating resources to, our segments. unallocated expenses increased 456% compared with fiscal year 2013, primarily due to higher operating expenses related to increases in amortization of intangible assets, acquisition-related costs, and restructuring charges incurred in connection with our acquisitions of lsi and plx. additionally, share-based compensation expense increased in fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013 due to annual focal employee equity awards at higher grant-date fair values and grants made to employees assumed in the acquisitions.
the following tables set forth our results of operations for the fiscal years ended november 3, 2013 and october 28, 2012.
(in millions)                         (as a percentage of net revenue)
statement of operations data:
cost of products sold:
cost of products sold                         1,260                       1,164                     50                             49
amortization of intangible assets                61                          56                      2                              3
total cost of products sold                   1,322                       1,222                     52                             52
research and development                        398                         335                     16                             14
amortization of intangible assets                24                          21                      1                              1
total operating expenses                        646                         560                     26                             23
loss on extinguishment of debt                   (1       )                   -                      -                              -
net revenue.  net revenue was $2,520 million for fiscal year 2013 compared to $2,364 million for fiscal year 2012, an increase of $156 million or 7%. the increase in net revenue was primarily due to strength in the wireless communications and wired infrastructure segments and the continued revenue contribution from the cyoptics acquisition, partially offset by the transition from developing, manufacturing and selling our legacy consumer and computing peripherals products to licensing ip relevant to these products in our industrial & other segment. further, fiscal year 2013 consisted of 53 weeks compared to 52 weeks in fiscal year 2012.
in fiscal year 2013, strength in the smartphone market, particularly in the second half of the fiscal year, and strong sales to our two largest smartphone oems, as well as 4g/lte product launches by other oems in our wireless communications segment contributed to the revenue increase from this market. however, this increase was partially offset by a significant decrease in net revenue from our industrial & other segment, primarily as a result of our transition from developing, manufacturing and selling consumer and computing peripherals products to licensing ip relevant to these products.
gross margin.  gross margin was $1,198 million for fiscal year 2013 compared to $1,142 million for fiscal year 2012, an increase of $56 million. as a percentage of net revenue, gross margin was flat at 48% for fiscal years 2013 and 2012. the increase in gross margin, in absolute dollars, in fiscal year 2013 was driven by increased sales, partially offset by a decrease in revenue from sales and licensing of ip of $25 million. in addition, during fiscal year 2013 less favorable product mix, with a higher proportion of sales into our wireless communications segment, and the effects of lower margin cyoptics-related revenue, also impacted gross margin compared to fiscal year 2012.
research and development.  research and development expense was $398 million for fiscal year 2013, compared to $335 million for fiscal year 2012, an increase of $63 million or 19%. as a percentage of net revenue, research and development expense was 16% for fiscal year 2013, compared to 14% for fiscal year 2012. the majority of this increase, in absolute dollars, resulted from investments in our wired infrastructure and wireless communications solutions. part of the increase was attributable to a $12 million increase in research and development project consumables and services. the overall dollar increase in research and development expense was also attributable to a $16 million increase in accrued incentive compensation expense
related to our employee bonus program, which is a variable expense related to our achievement of program performance metrics, and annual merit-based salary increases, a $15 million increase in salaries and employee benefits expense, due to annual merit-based salary increases and additional headcount costs from the cyoptics acquisition, a $10 million increase in share-based compensation expense attributable to annual focal employee equity awards at higher grant-date fair values, a $2 million increase in retention compensation expense primarily related to cyoptics acquisition, a $3 million increase in computer software expenses and a $2 million increase in depreciation expense related to capital expenditures supporting research and development efforts. these increases were partially offset by a $2 million decrease in accrued reimbursements pursuant to research and development grants in fiscal year 2013, compared to fiscal year 2012. we expect research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future, due to the increasing complexity and number of products we plan to develop.
selling, general and administrative.  selling, general and administrative expense was $222 million for fiscal year 2013 compared to $199 million for fiscal year 2012, an increase of $23 million or 12%. as a percentage of net revenue, selling, general and administrative expense increased slightly to 9% for fiscal year 2013 compared to 8% for fiscal year 2012. changes in components of selling, general and administrative expense for fiscal year 2013 compared to fiscal year 2012, consisted primarily of a $10 million increase in share-based compensation attributable to annual focal employee equity awards at higher grant-date fair values, a $9 million increase in accrued incentive compensation expense related to our employee bonus program, and a $5 million increase in salaries and employee benefits expense related primarily to annual merit-based salary increases, partially offset by decreased overhead expenses.
amortization of intangible assets.  total amortization expense of intangible assets was $85 million and $77 million, respectively, for fiscal years 2013 and 2012.
restructuring charges.  we incurred total restructuring charges of $3 million for fiscal year 2013 compared to $7 million for fiscal year 2012, both predominantly representing employee termination costs.
interest expense.  interest expense was $2 million for fiscal year 2013 compared to $1 million for fiscal year 2012. this $1 million increase was due to commitment fees related to our 2011 revolving credit facility and amortization of related deferred debt issuance costs.
other income, net.  other income, net includes net realized gains on the sale of available-for-sales securities, realized and unrealized gains on trading securities, gains on the sale of cost method investments, interest income, gains (losses) on currency remeasurement and other miscellaneous items. other income, net was $19 million for fiscal year 2013 compared to other income, net of $4 million for fiscal year 2012. this increase in other income, net for fiscal year 2013 is primarily attributable to realized gains on the sale of available-for-sale and trading securities and unrealized gains on trading securities. interest income was $4 million for each of fiscal years 2013 and 2012.
provision for income taxes.  we recorded an income tax provision of $16 million for fiscal year 2013 compared to an income tax provision of $22 million for fiscal year 2012. the provision for income taxes in fiscal year 2013 decreased from the prior fiscal year primarily due to a benefit of $3 million from the enactment of the american taxpayer relief act of 2012, which was signed into law on january 2, 2013, retroactively extending the u.s. federal research and development tax credit from january 1, 2012 to december 31, 2013, and a benefit of $2 million from the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits as a result of the expiration of the statute of limitations for certain audit periods.
% of net revenue            november 3,           october 28,          change
fiscal year ended net revenue                   november 3,            october 28,             change
fiscal year ended income from operations             november 3,            october 28,             change
wireless communications. net revenue from our wireless communications segment increased in fiscal year 2013 compared with the prior year due to continued strength in mobile smartphone sales. unit sales of smartphones containing our products, as well as the amount of our product content in those phones, is a key driver of our revenue from this segment. new 4g/lte product ramps at major smartphone oems and handset launches at other oems, as well as improvements in our content in those phones, also drove revenue growth during fiscal year 2013. as a result, we experienced higher demand for our power amplifiers and our fbar duplexers in fiscal year 2013.
income from operations from our wireless communications segment increased in fiscal year 2013 compared to fiscal year 2012, primarily as a result of the increase in revenue.
wired infrastructure. net revenue from our wired infrastructure segment increased in fiscal year 2013, compared with fiscal year 2012 primarily due to revenues resulting from cyoptics, which we acquired in june 2013, and improvement in datacenter demand. this was partially offset by weak carrier routing spending in fiscal year 2013.
income from operations from our wired infrastructure segment decreased in fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012 primarily as a result of lower gross margin rates related to product mix, together with increased research and development expense primarily due to the cyoptics acquisition, partially offset by the impact of higher revenue.
industrial & other. net revenue from our industrial & other segment decreased in fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012 primarily due to our transition from developing, manufacturing and selling our consumer and computing peripherals products to licensing ip relevant to these products. this decrease was partially offset by improved demand from our industrial distributors and oems, notably in transportation and power generation, in fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012. however, demand in asia tapered off towards the end of fiscal year 2013. in fiscal year 2013, we generated approximately $19 million compared to $31 million in fiscal year 2012 of ip sales and licensing royalty revenue. due to the structure of these licensing arrangements, royalty revenue may fluctuate from period to period.
income from operations from our industrial & other segment decreased in fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal year 2012, primarily due to a decrease in sales of ip in fiscal year 2013.
liquidity and capital resources the following section discusses our principal liquidity and capital resources as well as our principal liquidity requirements and sources and uses of cash. our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in highly liquid investments with remaining maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. we believe our cash equivalents are liquid and accessible.
our primary sources of liquidity at november 2, 2014 consisted of: (1) approximately $1,604 million in cash and cash equivalents, (2) cash we expect to generate from operations and (3) our $500 million 2014 revolving credit facility, which is committed until may 6, 2019, all of which is available to be drawn. our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements primarily arise from: (i) interest, principal and commitment fees payments related to borrowings incurred to fund the acquisition of lsi, (ii) working capital requirements, (iii) research and development and capital expenditure needs, (iv) business acquisitions and investments we may make from time to time, (v) quarterly dividend payments (if and when declared by our board of directors, or our board), and (vi) funding employee benefit plan obligations. our ability to fund these requirements will depend on our future cash flows, which are determined by future operating performance and are, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control.
pension plans assumed in the lsi acquisition as a result of the lsi acquisition, we assumed pension plans under which we are obligated to make future contributions to fund benefits to participants. the plans provide retirement benefits to certain former u.s. employees of lsi under defined benefit pension plans. the projected benefit obligations under these pension plans exceeded the value of the assets of those plans by approximately $440 million at november 2, 2014. our minimum required funding contributions to these plans for fiscal year 2015 is at least $62 million. we expect to have additional funding requirements with respect to the plans in future years. we may also choose to make additional, voluntary contributions to the plans. in connection with the lsi acquisition, we also entered into an agreement with the pension benefit guaranty corporation pursuant to which we have agreed to make contributions in excess of the minimum required contributions ranging from $11 million to $31 million in each of our fiscal years 2015, 2016 and 2017, if we do not meet specified financial ratios. depending on our cash position at the time, any such contributions to our pension plans could impact our liquidity and financial position.
share repurchases during fiscal year 2013 the company repurchased and retired 0.7 million shares for $24 million under the 2012 share repurchase program, which expired on april 9, 2013, and repurchased and retired 1.9 million shares for $71 million under the 2013 share repurchase program. during fiscal year 2014, the company repurchased and retired 0.3 million shares for $12 million under the 2013 share repurchase program, which expired on april 8, 2014.
share repurchases under our share repurchase programs were made in the open market at such times and in such amounts as the company deemed appropriate. the timing and actual number of shares repurchased depended on a variety of factors including price, market conditions and applicable legal requirements.
on april 9, 2014, at the 2014 annual general meeting of shareholders, or agm, our shareholders authorized our board to approve a share repurchase program to purchase up to approximately 25 million of its ordinary shares in open market transactions or equal access schemes, or the 2014 share purchase mandate. the 2014 share purchase mandate will expire upon the earlier of the date of our 2015 agm or the date by which the 2015 agm is required by law to be held, unless such period is extended, varied or revoked by our shareholders at a general meeting. our board has not authorized the company to repurchase shares under the 2014 share purchase mandate.
summary our cash and cash equivalents increased by $619 million to $1,604 million at november 2, 2014 from $985 million at november 3, 2013, primarily due to $4.6 billion from the term loans under the 2014 credit agreement, $1.0 billion from the convertible notes, $1,175 million in cash provided by operating activities, $450 million from the sale of the flash business, and $124 million from the issuance of ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of options and purchase rights under our employee share purchase plan. partially offsetting the increase in cash and cash equivalents was $5,961 million paid for business acquisitions completed during fiscal year 2014, $409 million in cash paid for capital expenditures, $284 million of
dividends paid to our shareholders and $124 million of debt issuance costs related to the term loans under the 2014 credit agreement and 2014 revolving credit facility.
we believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, and cash flows from operations, combined with current borrowing availability under our 2014 revolving credit facility and $650 million from the sale of the axxia business, completed on november 18, 2014, will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our current obligations, including the current portions of our long-term debt and interest due, the tender or conversion of outstanding convertible notes for settlement in cash, annual cash contributions to fund assumed lsi pension and retirement plan obligations, projected working capital requirements, capital expenditures, quarterly cash dividends (if and when declared by our board) and any share repurchases (if authorized by our board) that we may choose to make for at least the next 12 months. we believe that we will have sufficient cash on hand to operate our business and satisfy our current obligations.
we anticipate that our capital expenditures for fiscal year 2015 will be higher than for fiscal year 2014, due primarily to continued spending related to ongoing capacity expansion in our fort collins internal fabrication facility, as well as spending on equipment to support various research and development projects and expenditures related to lsi campus rationalization.
from time to time, we engage in discussions with third parties regarding potential acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses, technologies and product lines, such as our recent acquisitions of lsi and plx. any such transaction could require significant use of our cash and cash equivalents, or require us to arrange for new debt and equity financing to fund the transaction. if we do not have sufficient cash to fund our operations or to finance growth opportunities, including acquisitions, or unanticipated capital expenditures, our business and financial condition could suffer. we could also reduce certain expenditures such as payment of our quarterly cash dividend. in such circumstances we may seek also to obtain debt or equity financing. however, we cannot assure that such additional financing will be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. our ability to service any indebtedness we may incur, including under our 2014 credit agreement, 2014 revolving credit facility and the outstanding convertible notes, will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future.
we may also elect to sell additional debt or equity securities or increase our aggregate term loans and revolving credit commitments capacity to $6.7 billion as allowed under the 2014 credit agreement, or increase our 2014 revolving credit facility for reasons other than those specified above.
the aggregate consideration for the acquisition of lsi was approximately $6.5 billion. in connection with the merger agreement for that transaction, we also issued to two entities affiliated with silver lake partners, or the purchasers, $1 billion aggregate principal amount of our convertible notes. the initial conversion rate for the convertible notes was 20.8160 shares of avago's ordinary shares per $1,000 principal amount of convertible notes, which was equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $48.04 per ordinary share. we funded the balance of the acquisition consideration from $4.6 billion in term loans under the 2014 credit agreement and cash on hand of the combined companies.
net cash provided by operating activities                     $1,175               $722                                 $693
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal year 2014 was $1,175 million. the net cash provided by operating activities was principally due to net income of $263 million and non-cash charges of $703 million, including a gain on sale of the flash business of $18 million, and by changes in operating assets and liabilities of $209 million.
accounts receivable increased to $782 million at the end of fiscal year 2014 from $418 million at the end of fiscal year 2013. accounts receivable days sales outstanding decreased to 45 days at november 2, 2014 from 52 days at november 3, 2013, primarily due to timing of collections. we use the current fiscal quarter revenue and accounts receivable at november 2, 2014 in our calculation of number of days sales outstanding. the increase in accounts receivable on a dollar basis from november 3, 2013 was due to the inclusion of lsi accounts receivable.
inventory increased to $519 million at the end of fiscal year 2014from $285 million at the end of fiscal year 2013. the number of days of inventory on hand remained flat at 69 days at november 2, 2014 and november 3, 2013. the increase in inventory dollars was due primarily to the inclusion of lsi and plx inventory and an increase in inventory for an anticipated
increase in demand from our wireless communications segment. we use the current quarter cost of products sold and inventory at november 2, 2014 in our calculation of days on hand of inventory.
assets-held-for-sale increased to $628 million from the end of fiscal year 2013 due primarily to the pending sale of the axxia business.
other current assets increased to $302 million at the end of fiscal year 2014 from $130 million at the end of fiscal year 2013 primarily due to a $71 million increase in other receivables, including receivables related to ip licensing, a $52 million increase in deferred income tax assets and deferred tax-related charges, a $21 million increase in prepaid expenses and a $17 million increase in debt issuance costs related to the term loans and 2014 revolving credit facility, partially offset by a $14 million decrease in marketable equity securities.
accounts payable increased to $515 million at the end of fiscal year 2014 from $278 million at the end of fiscal year 2013 due to timing of disbursements and a higher volume of purchases to support the current year increase in revenue.
employee compensation and benefits increased to $219 million at the end of fiscal year 2014 from $89 million at the end of fiscal year 2013, mainly due to performance levels under our employee bonus program related to our overall profitability and other variable performance metrics and increased headcount, primarily from acquisitions.
other current liabilities increased to $236 million at the end of fiscal year 2014 from $47 million at the end of fiscal year 2013, primarily due to a $42 million increase in deferred tax liabilities and other tax payables, a $36 million increase in restructuring accruals, a $36 million increase in accrued liabilities, mainly assumed in the acquisition of lsi, a $30 million increase in rebates payable, a $26 million increase in deferred revenue and a $19 million increase in accrued interest related to our indebtedness.
other long-term assets increased to $285 million at the end of fiscal year 2014 from $53 million at the end of fiscal year 2013 mainly due to a $96 million increase in debt issuance costs related to our term loans and our 2014 revolving credit facility, a $44 million increase in receivables related to ip licensing, a $35 million increase in long-term tax-related assets, an $18 million increase in miscellaneous long-term assets acquired from lsi, a $26 million increase due to pension assets acquired from lsi and a $22 million increase related to the investment in smp acquired from lsi.
other long-term liabilities increased to $263 million at the end of fiscal year 2014 from $53 million at the end of fiscal year 2013, mainly due to a $191 million increase in accrued tax liabilities, including deferred tax liabilities and other tax reserves.
net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal year 2013 was $722 million. the net cash provided by operating activities was principally due to net income of $552 million, non-cash charges of $239 million and by changes in operating assets and liabilities of $69 million.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2014 was $5,885 million. the net cash used in investing activities principally related to the $5,664 million and $297 million for the acquisitions of lsi and plx, respectively, and purchases of property, plant and equipment of $409 million, primarily in connection with the expansion of our internal manufacturing facilities in fort collins, colorado, partially offset by cash proceeds of $450 million from the sale of the flash business and $35 million from sales of equity investments.
net cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2013 was $652 million. the net cash used in investing activities principally related to the $373 million for the acquisition of cyoptics and purchases of property, plant and equipment of $236 million in connection with the expansion of our internal manufacturing facilities in fort collins, colorado.
financing activities net cash provided by financing activities for fiscal year 2014 was $5,329 million. the net cash provided by financing activities was principally due to $1 billion from the issuance of our convertible notes and $4.6 billion from term loans under the 2014 credit agreement, as well as $124 million from the exercises of options and purchases of our ordinary shares by employees under our espp, and an excess tax benefit of $39 million. this cash provided by financing activities was partially offset by $284 million of dividends to shareholders, $124 million paid for debt issuance costs and $12 million to repurchase and cancel 0.3 million ordinary shares under our 2013 share repurchase program.
net cash used in financing activities for fiscal year 2013 was $169 million. the net cash used in financing activities was principally due to $198 million of dividends to shareholders and $95 million to repurchase and cancel 2.6 million ordinary shares under our 2013 and 2012 share repurchase programs. this was partially offset by $101 million from the exercises of options, and purchases of our ordinary shares by employees under our espp.
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal year 2013 was $722 million. the net cash provided by operating activities was principally due to net income of $552 million, non-cash charges of $239 million and changes in operating assets and liabilities of $69 million.
accounts receivable increased to $418 million at the end of fiscal year 2013 from $341 million at the end of fiscal year 2012. accounts receivable days sales outstanding increased to 52 days at november 3, 2013 from 51 days at october 28, 2012, primarily due to the 1 to 2-day unfavorable impact of the inclusion of cyoptics accounts receivable, partially offset by timing of collections.
inventory increased to $285 million at the end of fiscal year 2013 from $194 million at the end of fiscal year 2012. the number of days of inventory on hand increased to 69 days at november 3, 2013 compared to 58 days at october 28, 2012, due primarily to an increase in inventory to prepare for an anticipated increase in demand from our wireless communications segment and significant lifetime purchases of certain wafers and other materials in fiscal year 2013. of the 69 days and 58 days of inventory on hand at november 3, 2013 and october 28, 2012, nine days and eight days of inventory on hand, respectively, were attributable to these lifetime purchases. the acquisition of cyoptics resulted in an increase of inventory of $27 million in absolute dollars, but favorably impacted inventory days on hand at november 3, 2013 by three days.
other current assets increased to $130 million at the end of fiscal year 2013 from $72 million at the end of fiscal year 2012 primarily due to an $18 million net increase in current deferred tax assets attributable to the cyoptics and other acquisitions, a $16 million increase in cash advances made to certain of our existing distributors for anticipated distributor price adjustments, a $15 million increase due the purchase of and mark-to-market of our short-term marketable equity securities, an $8 million increase due to the cyoptics employee retention plan and a $1 million increase in government grant and miscellaneous assets, partially offset by a $2 million decrease in receivables from ip-related revenue and a $1 million decrease in deposits paid for fixed assets. during the second quarter of fiscal year 2012, we entered into agreements with certain distributors whereby we agreed to advance cash to them to fund estimated price adjustments. these advances are estimated based on an agreed percentage of the rolling previous three months average ending inventory, as reported by the distributor, multiplied by the rolling previous three months price adjustment credits as a percentage of the distributor's reported rolling previous three months resales. the terms of these advances are set forth in binding legal agreements and are unsecured, bear no interest on unsettled balances, and are due upon demand. the agreements governing these advances can be cancelled by us at any time. such advances have no impact on revenue recognition or our consolidated statements of operations and are recorded in other current assets on our consolidated balance sheets.
current liabilities increased to $414 million at the end of fiscal year 2013 from $346 million at the end of fiscal year 2012 mainly due to an increase in employee compensation and benefits accruals, accounts payable and other current liabilities. employee compensation and benefits increased to $89 million at the end of fiscal year 2013 from $61 million at the end of fiscal year 2012 mainly due to performance levels under our employee bonus program related to our overall profitability and other variable performance metrics and increased headcount primarily from acquisitions. accounts payable increased to $278 million at the end of fiscal year 2013 from $248 million at the end of fiscal year 2012 due to timing of disbursements and a higher volume of purchases to support the increase in revenue over the year. other current liabilities increased to $47 million at the end of fiscal year 2013 from $37 million at the end of fiscal year 2012, primarily due to a $9 million increase in other accrued liabilities related to the cyoptics acquisition and a $3 million increase in deferred revenue offset by a $2 million decrease in current deferred tax liabilities, income tax and sales and use taxes payable and a $1 million decrease in supplier inventory liabilities.
other long-term assets decreased to $53 million at the end of fiscal year 2013 from $66 million at the end of fiscal year 2012 mainly due to a $42 million decrease in long-term deferred tax assets including valuation allowances offset by a $17 million increase in long-term prepaid expense due to the cyoptics employee retention plan and a $13 million increase to long-term receivables from the cyoptics shareholders.
other long-term liabilities, together with pension and post-retirement benefit obligations, increased to $115 million at the end of fiscal year 2013 from $97 million at the end of fiscal year 2012, mainly due to a $6 million increase in other accrued liabilities related to cyoptics, a $4 million increase in accrued tax liabilities and a $2 million increase in deferred revenue offset by a $3 million net decrease in pension liability due to the change in actuarial assumptions used in the valuation of our post-retirement benefit and defined benefit pension plans liabilities, offset by net periodic pension expense for our post-retirement benefit and defined benefit pension plans.
net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal year 2012 was $693 million. the net cash provided by operating activities was principally due to net income of $563 million and non-cash charges of $218 million, offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities of $88 million.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2013 was $652 million. the net cash used in investing activities principally related to $373 million for the acquisition of cyoptics and purchases of property, plant and equipment of $236 million, primarily in connection with the expansion of our internal manufacturing facilities in fort collins, colorado.
net cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2012 was $244 million. the net cash used in investing activities principally related to purchases of property, plant and equipment of $241 million, in connection with the expansion of our internal manufacturing facilities in fort collins, colorado and $4 million related to immaterial business acquisitions completed in fiscal year 2012.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities for fiscal year 2013 was $169 million. the net cash used in financing activities was principally due to $198 million of dividends to shareholders and $95 million to repurchase and cancel 2.6 million ordinary shares under our 2013 and 2012 share repurchase programs. this was partially offset by $101 million from the exercises of options, and purchases of our ordinary shares by employees under our espp.
net cash used in financing activities for fiscal year 2012 was $194 million. the net cash used in financing activities was principally due to $137 million of dividends to shareholders and $110 million to repurchase and cancel 3.5 million ordinary shares under our share repurchase program. this was partially offset by $44 million from the exercises of options, and purchases of our ordinary shares by employees under our espp.
indebtedness at november 2, 2014, we had $500 million of borrowing capacity available under our 2014 revolving credit facility.
2011 revolving credit facility on october 28, 2013, we terminated our $300 million senior unsecured, revolving credit facility under our credit agreement dated march 31, 2011, or the 2011 credit facility. this credit agreement initially provided for a $200 million unsecured revolving credit facility, which was increased to $300 million pursuant to the exercise by avago technologies finance pte. ltd., or at finance, of the accordion feature under this credit agreement. there were no outstanding borrowings under the 2011 credit facility at the time of termination. this termination resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt of $1 million.
2013 revolving credit facility in connection with the termination of our 2011 credit facility, on october 28, 2013, at finance and certain other subsidiaries of the company entered into a credit agreement. this credit agreement provided for a $575 million senior unsecured, revolving credit facility with a term of five years, ending on october 28, 2018, or the 2013 credit facility. on may 6, 2014, in connection with entering into the 2014 credit agreement, we terminated our 2013 credit facility. there were no outstanding loan borrowings under the 2013 credit facility at the time of termination. the remaining balance of debt issuance costs for the 2013 credit facility is being amortized as a component of interest expense over the term of our new 2014 revolving credit facility.
2014 credit agreement and 2014 revolving credit facility in connection with the acquisition of lsi on may 6, 2014, our subsidiaries at finance, avago technologies cayman ltd., or at cayman, and avago technologies holdings luxembourg s.àr.l, or at luxco, and together with at cayman, or the borrowers, together with a group of lenders, including deutsche bank ag new york branch as the administrative agent, entered into the 2014 credit agreement, dated may 6, 2014. the 2014 credit agreement provides for term loans of $4.6 billion and the 2014 revolving credit facility, which provides for the borrowers to borrow loans from time to time in an aggregate principal amount of up to $500 million, for general corporate purposes, for swingline loans of up to $75 million and for the issuance of letters of credit of up to $100 million, which, in the case of swingline loans and letters of credit, reduce the available borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facility on a dollar for dollar basis. the borrowers' obligations under the 2014 credit agreement are guaranteed by at finance and certain of its subsidiaries, or the subsidiary guarantors, and are collateralized, subject to certain exceptions, by all the assets of at finance, each borrower, and each subsidiary guarantor. the term loans have a term of seven years and the 2014 revolving credit facility has a term of five years. the effective interest rate at november 2, 2014 for the term loans was 4.15%. as of november 2, 2014, $4.6 billion in term loans were outstanding and we had no borrowings outstanding under the 2014 revolving credit facility. as of november 2, 2014, we were in compliance with the covenants described in the 2014 credit agreement.
loans under the 2014 credit agreement will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option:
(i) the greatest of, (a) the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time-to-time by deutsche bank ag new york branch as its prime rate in effect at its principal office in new york city, (b) the federal funds effective rate (as defined in the 2014 credit agreement) in effect on the relevant day plus 1/2 of 1% per annum, (c) the adjusted libo rate (as defined in the 2014 credit agreement) on the relevant day for a deposit in dollars with a maturity of one month plus 1% per annum and (d), with respect to the term loans, 1.75%; or
(ii) the interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) (x) the libo rate for the interest period (as defined in the 2014 credit agreement) multiplied by (y) the statutory reserve rate (as defined in the 2014 credit agreement) and (b) with respect to the term loans, 0.75% per annum.
the 2014 credit agreement includes (i) financial covenants requiring at finance to, at any time the revolving credit facility is drawn by more than 30%, maintain a maximum first lien leverage ratio; (ii) customary restrictive covenants (subject, in each case, to certain exceptions and amounts) that limit at finance and its subsidiaries' ability to, among other things, incur indebtedness, create liens, merge or consolidate with and into other persons, make acquisitions and sell assets; (iii) customary events of default, upon the occurrence of which, after any applicable grace period, the lenders will have the ability to accelerate all outstanding loans thereunder and terminate the commitments; and (iv) customary representations and warranties. in addition, at finance has the ability, at any time, to increase the aggregate term loans and revolving credit commitments under the 2014 credit agreement from $5.1 billion to $6.7 billion, subject to the condition that no default or event of default shall have occurred and be continuing and other terms and conditions set forth in the 2014 credit agreement, and the receipt of sufficient commitments for such increase from the lenders. the borrowers have agreed to pay the lenders a commitment fee at a rate per annum that varies based on total leverage ratio. the borrowers and certain other subsidiaries also entered into collateral and related agreements ancillary to the 2014 credit agreement.
unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the term loans and the 2014 revolving credit facilities were $115 million at november 2, 2014 and are included in other current assets and other long-term assets in our consolidated balance sheets. for fiscal year 2014, amortization of debt issuance costs related to the term loans and the 2014 revolving credit facilities was $7 million and $2 million, respectively, and is reported as a component of interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations.
convertible senior notes in connection with the acquisition of lsi on may 6, 2014, the company completed the private placement of $1 billion of our convertible notes to the purchasers pursuant to the terms of the note purchase agreement among the company, silver lake partners iv, l.p. (whose rights and obligations under the note purchase agreement were thereafter assigned to and assumed by the purchasers), and deutsche bank ag, singapore branch, as lead manager. all of the net proceeds from the convertible notes were used to fund the lsi acquisition.
the convertible notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated may 6, 2014, between the company and u.s. bank national association, as trustee, or the indenture. the indenture includes customary terms and covenants, including certain events of default after which the convertible notes may be due and payable immediately. the convertible notes are the company's unsecured senior obligations. the convertible notes will mature on august 15, 2021, unless repurchased, redeemed or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. the convertible notes will pay interest semi-annually at a rate of 2% per year, payable in arrears on may 1 and november 1 of each year, beginning on november 1, 2014, and on the maturity date. subject to any limitations set forth in the indenture, the convertible notes will be convertible at any time until the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date. upon conversion, the convertible notes may be settled in the company's ordinary shares, cash or a combination of cash and ordinary shares, at the company's option. the convertible notes were convertible at an initial conversion rate of 20.8160 ordinary shares per $1,000 principal amount of the convertible notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $48.04 per ordinary share, and is subject to adjustment under the terms of the convertible notes, including adjustments for quarterly cash dividends paid on the company's ordinary shares to the extent they exceed $0.27 per share. holders of the convertible notes will have the right to require the company to repurchase all or some of their convertible notes at 100% of their principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid interest, upon the occurrence of a fundamental change, as defined in the indenture. in addition, upon the occurrence of a make-whole fundamental change, as defined in the indenture, avago may be required to increase the conversion rate for the convertible notes converted in connection with such a make-whole fundamental change. prior to may 6, 2019, the company may not redeem the convertible notes. beginning on may 6, 2019, the company may, at its option, redeem the convertible notes, in whole or in part, if the closing sale price, as defined in the indenture, of the ordinary shares for 20 or more trading days, as defined in the indenture, in the period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately prior to the date on which the company provides notice of such redemption exceeds 150% of the applicable conversion price in effect on each such trading day, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of notes being redeemed, together with accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date, as defined in the indenture.
in connection with the sale of the convertible notes, the company entered into a registration rights agreement, dated as of may 6, 2014, with the purchasers, or the registration rights agreement, providing for customary resale registration rights with respect to the convertible notes and the ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of the convertible notes, if any.
as of november 2, 2014, $1 billion in convertible notes were outstanding. as a result of quarterly dividends paid on our ordinary shares after the date of issuance of the convertible notes, as of november 2, 2014, the conversion rate was 20.8279 ordinary shares per $1,000 principal amount of the convertible notes, which is equivalent to a conversion price of approximately $48.01 per ordinary share.
contractual commitments our cash flows from operations are dependent on a number of factors, including fluctuations in our operating results, accounts receivable collections, inventory management, and timing of payments. as a result, the impact of contractual obligations on our liquidity and capital resources in future periods should be analyzed in conjunction with such factors.
the following table sets forth our contractual obligations and commitments as of november 2, 2014 for the fiscal periods noted (in millions):
operating lease obligations(4)              $135               $27               $33                      $21              $54
*   we have pension plans covering certain u.s. and non-u.s. employees. although additional future contributions will be required, the amount and timing of these contributions will be affected by actuarial assumptions, the actual rate of return on plan assets, the level of market interest rates, legislative changes and the amount of voluntary contributions to the plans. the amount shown in the table represents our planned contributions to our pension plans within a year. because any contributions for fiscal year 2016 and later will depend on the value of the plan assets in the future and thus are uncertain, we have not included any amounts for fiscal year 2016 and beyond in the above table. see note 6 to our consolidated financial statements in item 8.
(1)   represents principal, interest and commitment fees payable on borrowings and credit facilities under the 2014 credit agreement and principal and interest payable on the convertible notes.
(2)   represents unconditional purchase obligations which include agreements to purchase goods or services, primarily inventory, that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum or variable price provisions and the approximate timing of the transaction. purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancelable without penalty.
we also make capital expenditures from a variety of vendors in connection with the expansion of our fort collins, colorado internal fabrication facility. these purchases are typically conducted on a purchase order basis and the amount shown in the table includes $128 million in cancelable and non-cancelable outstanding purchase obligations under such purchase orders as of november 2, 2014.
under our take-or-pay agreement with smp, we have agreed to purchase 51% of the managed wafer capacity from smp's integrated circuit manufacturing facility. if we fail to purchase our required commitments, we will be required to pay smp for the fixed costs associated with the unpurchased wafers.
(3)   represents amounts payable pursuant to agreements related to outsourced information technology, human resources, financial infrastructure outsourcing services and other service agreements.
(4)   represents real property and equipment leased from third parties under non-cancelable operating leases.
due to the inherent uncertainty with respect to the timing of future cash outflows associated with our unrecognized tax benefits at november 2, 2014, we are unable to reliably estimate the timing of cash settlement with the respective taxing authority. therefore, $146 million of unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest classified as long-term income tax payable on our consolidated balance sheet as of november 2, 2014 have been excluded from the contractual obligations table above.
off-balance sheet arrangements we had no material off-balance sheet arrangements at november 2, 2014 as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of sec regulation s-k.
other indemnifications as is customary in our industry and as provided for in local law in the united states and other jurisdictions, many of our standard contracts provide remedies to our customers and others with whom we enter into contracts, such as defense, settlement, or payment of judgment for ip claims related to the use of our products. from time to time, we indemnify customers, as well as our suppliers, contractors, lessors, lessees, companies that purchase our businesses or assets and others with whom we enter into contracts, against combinations of loss, expense, or liability arising from various triggering events related to the sale and the use of our products, the use of their goods and services, the use of facilities and state of our owned facilities, the state of the assets and businesses that we sell and other matters covered by such contracts, usually up to a specified maximum amount. in addition, from time to time we also provide protection to these parties against claims related to undiscovered liabilities, additional product liability or environmental obligations. in our experience, claims made under such indemnifications are rare and the associated estimated fair value of the liability is not material.
accounting changes and recent accounting guidance for a description of accounting changes and recent accounting guidance, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our consolidated financial statements, see note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies" to consolidated financial statements of this annual report on form 10-k.