item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview we are the world’s largest commercial real estate services and investment firm, based on 2014 revenue, with leading full-service operations in major metropolitan areas throughout the world. we offer a full range of services to occupiers, owners, lenders and investors in office, retail, industrial, multifamily and other types of commercial real estate. as of december 31, 2014, excluding independent affiliates, we operated in over 370 offices worldwide, with more than 52,000 employees providing commercial real estate services under the “cbre” brand name, investment management services under the “cbre global investors” brand name and development services under the “trammell crow” brand name. our business is focused on several competencies, including commercial property and corporate facilities management, tenant/occupier and property/agency leasing, capital markets solutions (property sales, commercial mortgage origination and servicing, and debt/structured finance) real estate investment management, valuation, development services and proprietary research. we generate revenue from management fees on a contractual and per-project basis, and from commissions on transactions. in 2014, we were the highest ranked commercial real estate services company among the fortune most admired companies, and we ranked seventh among all companies on the barron’s 500, which evaluates companies on growth and financial performance. we have been the only commercial real estate services and investment firm included in the s&p 500 since 2006, and in the fortune 500 since 2008. additionally, the international association of outsourcing professionals (iaop) has included us among the top 100 global outsourcing companies across all industries for nine consecutive years. in 2014, the iaop ranked us as a top three service provider among all outsourcing companies globally and as the highest ranked commercial real estate services company for the fifth consecutive year.
when you read our financial statements and the information included in this section, you should consider that we have experienced, and continue to experience, several material trends and uncertainties that have affected our financial condition and results of operations that make it challenging to predict our future performance based on our historical results. we believe that the following material trends and uncertainties are crucial to an understanding of the variability in our historical earnings and cash flows and the potential for continued variability in the future:
macroeconomic conditions economic trends and government policies affect global and regional commercial real estate markets as well as our operations directly. these include: overall economic activity and employment growth, interest rate levels, the cost and availability of credit and the impact of tax and regulatory policies. periods of economic weakness or recession, significantly rising interest rates, fiscal uncertainty, declining employment levels, decreasing demand for commercial real estate, falling real estate values, disruption to the global capital or credit markets, or the public perception that any of these events may occur, will negatively affect the performance of some of our business lines.
compensation is our largest expense and the sales and leasing professionals in our advisory services business generally are paid on a commission and bonus basis that correlates with their revenue production. as a result, the negative effect of difficult market conditions on our operating margins is partially mitigated by the inherent variability of our compensation cost structure. in addition, when negative economic conditions are particularly severe, we have moved decisively to lower operating expenses to improve financial performance, and then have restored certain expenses as economic conditions improved. nevertheless, adverse global and regional economic trends could be significant risks to the performance of our operations and our financial condition.
commercial real estate markets have recovered over the past five years in step with the steady improvement in global economic activity, most particularly in the united states. since 2010, increased u.s. property sales activity has been sustained by gradually improving occupancy market conditions, including lower vacancy rates
and higher rents, as well as the availability of low-cost credit and increased capital flows into commercial real estate. u.s. leasing markets have also recovered, with falling vacancies, higher rents and increased transaction activity.
european economies began to emerge from recession in 2013, with most countries there returning to positive, albeit very modest, economic growth. reflecting the macro environment, property sales have increased significantly over the past two years, with higher volumes occurring across much of europe in 2014. leasing markets outside of the united kingdom have been slower to recover, but did show some improvement in 2014.
in asia pacific, leasing activity picked up in 2014, but strong construction activity limits future rent growth. investment markets have generally been stronger than leasing markets, and while investment levels have varied across the region, some countries like australia and japan have been notably strong.
real estate investment management and property development activity has generally improved since 2010 as the real estate credit markets recovered and capital flows into commercial real estate have been strong.
the performance of our global sales, leasing, investment management and development services operations depends on sustained economic growth, strong job creation, stable, healthy global credit markets and continued improved business and investor sentiment.
effects of acquisitions our management historically has made significant use of strategic acquisitions to add new service competencies, to increase our scale within existing competencies and to expand our presence in various geographic regions around the world. in 2013, we fortified our real estate outsourcing platform in europe within our emea segment with the acquisition of london-based norland managed services ltd (norland) for approximately $474 million, which figure includes approximately $40 million deferred purchase price paid in 2014 (the norland acquisition). norland is a premier provider of building technical engineering services that enables us to self-perform these services in europe and adds to our expertise in the highly specialized critical environments market.
strategic in-fill acquisitions have also played a key role in expanding our geographic coverage and broadening and strengthening our service offerings. the companies we acquired have generally been quality regional or specialty firms that complement our existing platform within a region, or affiliates in which, in some cases, we held a small equity interest. during 2014, we completed 11 in-fill acquisitions, including our former affiliate companies in thailand, greenville, south carolina, louisville, kentucky and oklahoma city and tulsa, oklahoma, a commercial real estate service provider in chicago, a new york-based valuation and advisory business, a technical real estate consulting firm based in germany, a consulting and advisory firm in the u.s. hotels sector, a shopping center management, leasing and consulting company in switzerland and project management companies in germany and australia. during 2013, we completed ten in-fill acquisitions, including a firm serving the london prime residential real estate market, a regional commercial real estate services firm based in san francisco, a retail real estate services firm in the u.s. mid-atlantic region, a facility consulting and project advisory firm based in virginia serving the healthcare industry, and two property management specialist firms, one in the czech republic and slovakia and one in belgium. in january 2015, we acquired a texas-based commercial real estate firm specializing in retail services.
although our management believes that strategic acquisitions can significantly decrease the cost, time and commitment of management resources necessary to attain a meaningful competitive position within targeted markets or to expand our presence within our current markets, in general, most acquisitions will initially have an adverse impact on our operating and net income, both as a result of transaction-related expenditures, which include severance, lease termination, transaction and deferred financing costs, among others, and the charges and costs of integrating the acquired business and its financial and accounting systems into our own. in addition, our
acquisition structures often include deferred and/or contingent purchase price payments in future periods that are subject to the passage of time or achievement of certain performance metrics and other conditions. as of december 31, 2014, we have accrued for deferred consideration totaling $125.2 million, which was included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
international operations as we increase our international operations through either acquisitions or organic growth, fluctuations in the value of the u.s. dollar relative to the other currencies in which we may generate earnings could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. our global investment management business has a significant amount of euro-denominated assets under management, or aum, as well as associated revenue and earnings in europe, which has recently seen more pronounced (and adverse) movement in the value of the euro against the u.s. dollar. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have resulted and may continue to result in corresponding fluctuations in our aum, revenue and earnings.
our management team generally seeks to mitigate our exposure by balancing assets and liabilities that are denominated in the same currency. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates affect reported amounts of our total assets and liabilities, which are reflected in our financial statements as translated into u.s. dollars for each financial reporting period at the exchange rate in effect on the respective balance sheet dates, and our total revenue and expenses, which are reflected in our financial statements as translated into u.s. dollars for each financial reporting period at the monthly average exchange rate. during the year ended december 31, 2014, foreign currency translation had a $53.5 million negative impact on our total revenue and a $49.5 million positive impact on our total cost of services and operating, administrative and other expenses. in addition, from time to time we enter into foreign currency exchange contracts to attempt to mitigate some of our exposure to exchange rate changes related to particular transactions and to hedge risks associated with the translation of certain foreign currencies into u.s. dollars.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, approximately 44% of our business was transacted in local currencies of foreign countries, the majority of which includes the australian dollar, brazilian real, british pound sterling, canadian dollar, chinese yuan, euro, indian rupee, japanese yen and singapore dollar. although we operate globally, we report our results in u.s. dollars. as a result, the strengthening or weakening of the u.s. dollar may positively or negatively impact our reported results. the following table sets forth our revenue derived from our most significant currencies (dollars in thousands):
we estimate that had the british pound sterling-to-u.s. dollar exchange rates been 10% higher during the year ended december 31, 2014, the net impact would have been an increase in pre-tax income of $9.3 million. this hypothetical calculation estimates the impact of translating results into u.s. dollars and does not include an estimate of the impact a 10% change in the u.s. dollar against other currencies would have had on our foreign operations.
due to the constantly changing currency exposures to which we are subject and the volatility of currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations upon future operating results. in addition, fluctuations in currencies relative to the u.s. dollar may make it more difficult to perform period-to-period comparisons of our reported results of operations. our international operations also are subject to, among other things, political instability and changing regulatory environments, which may adversely affect our future financial condition and results of operations. our management routinely monitors these risks and related costs and evaluates the appropriate amount of resources to allocate towards business activities in foreign countries where such risks and costs are particularly significant.
leverage we are leveraged and have debt service obligations. as of december 31, 2014, our total debt – excluding our notes payable on real estate (which are generally nonrecourse to us) and warehouse lines of credit (which are recourse only to our wholly-owned subsidiary, cbre capital markets, inc., or cbre capital markets, and are secured by our related warehouse receivables) – was approximately $1.9 billion.
our level of indebtedness and the operating and financial restrictions in our debt agreements place some constraints on the operation of our business. although our management believes that long-term indebtedness has been an important lever in the development of our business, including facilitating the acquisition of the majority of the real estate investment management business of netherlands-based ing group n.v. (the reim acquisitions) and the norland acquisition, the cash flow necessary to service this debt is not available for other general corporate purposes, which may limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and in the commercial real estate services industry. our management seeks to mitigate this exposure both through the refinancing of debt when available on attractive terms and through selective repayment and retirement of indebtedness.
for example, during 2014, we completed three financing transactions, and in january 2015 we entered into an amended and restated credit agreement. the 2014 transactions included the issuance in september 2014 and december 2014 of $300.0 million and $125.0 million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due march 15, 2025 and the redemption in october 2014 of all of the then outstanding 6.625% senior notes (aggregate principal amount of $350.0 million). during the year ended december 31, 2014, in connection with these financing activities, we incurred approximately $4.7 million of financing costs. in addition, we expensed $5.7 million of previously-deferred financing costs as well as a $17.4 million early extinguishment premium.
critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts. the estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience and on other factors that management believes to be reasonable. actual results may differ from those estimates. we believe that the following critical accounting policies represent the areas where more significant judgments and estimates are used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements:
revenue recognition in order for us to recognize revenue, there are four basic criteria that must be met:
•   existence of persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists;
•   delivery has occurred or services have been rendered;
our revenue recognition policies are consistent with these criteria. the judgments involved in revenue recognition include understanding the complex terms of agreements and determining the appropriate time to recognize revenue for each transaction based on such terms. each transaction is evaluated to determine: (i) at what point in time revenue is earned, (ii) whether contingencies exist that impact the timing of recognition of revenue and (iii) how and when such contingencies will be resolved. the timing of revenue recognition could vary if different judgments were made. our revenues subject to the most judgment are brokerage commission revenue and incentive-based management and development fees.
we record commission revenue on real estate sales generally upon close of escrow or transfer of title, except when future contingencies exist. real estate commissions on leases are generally recorded in revenue when all obligations under the commission agreement are satisfied. terms and conditions of a commission agreement may include, but are not limited to, execution of a signed lease agreement and future contingencies including tenant occupancy, payment of a deposit or payment of a first month’s rent (or a combination thereof). as some of these conditions are outside of our control and are often not clearly defined, judgment must be exercised in determining when such required events have occurred in order to recognize revenue.
a typical commission agreement provides that we earn a portion of a lease commission upon the execution of the lease agreement by the tenant and landlord, with the remaining portion(s) of the lease commission earned at a later date, usually upon tenant occupancy or payment of rent. the existence of any significant future contingencies results in the delay of recognition of corresponding revenue until such contingencies are satisfied. for example, if we do not earn all or a portion of the lease commission until the tenant pays its first month’s rent, and the lease agreement provides the tenant with a free rent period, we delay revenue recognition until rent is paid by the tenant.
property and facilities management revenues are generally based upon percentages of the revenue or base rent generated by the entities managed or the square footage managed. these fees are recognized when earned under the provisions of the related management agreements.
investment management fees are based predominantly upon a percentage of the equity deployed on behalf of our limited partners. fees related to our indirect investment management programs are based upon a percentage of the fair value of those investments. these fees are recognized when earned under the provisions of the related investment management agreements. our global investment management segment also earns performance-based incentive fees with regard to many of its investments. such revenue is recognized at the end of the measurement periods when the conditions of the applicable incentive fee arrangements have been satisfied and following the expiration of any potential claw back provision. with many of these investments, our global investment management professionals have participation interests in such incentive fees, which are commonly referred to as carried interest. this carried interest expense is generally accrued for based upon the probability of such performance-based incentive fees being earned over the related vesting period. in addition, our global investment management segment also earns success-based transaction fees with regard to buying or selling properties on behalf of certain funds and separate accounts. such revenue is recognized at the completion of a successful transaction and is not subject to any claw back provision.
we earn development and incentive development fees in our development services segment. development fees are generally based on a percentage of a defined cost measure and are recognized at the lower of the amount billed or the amount determined on a straight-line basis over the development period. incentive development fees are recognized when quantitative criteria have been met (such as specified leasing or budget targets) or, for those incentive fees based on qualitative criteria, upon approval of the fee by our clients. certain incentive
development fees allow us to share in the fair value of the developed real estate asset above cost. this sharing creates additional revenue potential to us with no exposure to loss other than opportunity cost. our incentive development fee revenue is recognized to the extent that future performance contingencies have been resolved. the unique nature and complexity of each incentive fee requires us to use varying levels of judgment in determining the timing of revenue recognition.
in establishing the appropriate provisions for trade receivables, we make assumptions with respect to future collectability. our assumptions are based on an assessment of a customer’s credit quality as well as subjective factors and trends, including the aging of receivables balances. in addition to these assessments, in general, outstanding trade accounts receivable amounts that are more than 180 days overdue are evaluated for collectability and fully provided for if deemed uncollectible. historically, our credit losses have generally been insignificant. however, estimating losses requires significant judgment, and conditions may change or new information may become known after any periodic evaluation. as a result, actual credit losses may differ from our estimates.
principles of consolidation the accompanying consolidated financial statements include our accounts and those of our majority-owned subsidiaries, as well as variable interest entities, or vies, in which we are the primary beneficiary and other subsidiaries we control. the equity attributable to non-controlling interests in subsidiaries is shown separately in our consolidated balance sheets included elsewhere in this report. all significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
variable interest entities as required by the “consolidations” topic of the financial accounting standards board, or fasb, accounting standards codification, or asc, or topic 810, we consolidate all vies in which we are the entity’s primary beneficiary. a reporting entity is determined to be the primary beneficiary if it holds a controlling financial interest in the vie. determining which reporting entity, if any, has a controlling financial interest in a vie is primarily a qualitative approach focused on identifying which reporting entity has both (1) the power to direct the activities of a vie that most significantly impact such entity’s economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from such entity that could potentially be significant to such entity. the entity which satisfies these criteria is deemed to be the primary beneficiary of the vie.
we determine if an entity is a vie based on several factors, including whether the entity’s total equity investment at risk upon inception is sufficient to finance the entity’s activities without additional subordinated financial support. we make judgments regarding the sufficiency of the equity at risk based first on a qualitative analysis, then a quantitative analysis, if necessary.
we analyze any investments in vies to determine if we are the primary beneficiary. we consider a variety of factors in identifying the entity that holds the power to direct matters that most significantly impact the vie’s economic performance including, but not limited to, the ability to direct financing, leasing, construction and other operating decisions and activities. in addition, we consider the rights of other investors to participate in those decisions, to replace the manager and to sell or liquidate the entity.
we also have several co-investments in real estate investment funds which qualify for a deferral of the qualitative approach for analyzing potential vies. we continue to analyze these investments under the former quantitative method incorporating various estimates, including estimated future cash flows, asset hold periods and discount rates, as well as estimates of the probabilities of various scenarios occurring. if the entity is a vie, we then determine whether we consolidate the entity as the primary beneficiary. this determination of whether we are the primary beneficiary includes any impact of an “upside economic interest” in the form of a “promote” that we may have. a promote is an interest built into the distribution structure of the entity based on the entity’s achievement of certain return hurdles.
we consolidate any vie of which we are the primary beneficiary (see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report) and disclose significant vies of which we are not the primary beneficiary, if any, as well as disclose our maximum exposure to loss related to vies that are not consolidated. we determine whether an entity is a vie and, if so, whether it should be consolidated by utilizing judgments and estimates that are inherently subjective.
limited partnerships, limited liability companies and other subsidiaries if an entity is not a vie, our determination of the appropriate accounting method with respect to our investments in limited partnerships, limited liability companies and other subsidiaries is based on voting control. for our general partner interests, we are presumed to control (and therefore consolidate) the entity, unless the other limited partners have substantive rights that overcome this presumption of control. these substantive rights allow the limited partners to remove the general partner with or without cause or to participate in significant decisions made in the ordinary course of the entity’s business. we account for our non-controlling general partner investments in these entities under the equity method. this treatment also applies to our managing member interests in limited liability companies.
other investments our investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries in which we have the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies, but do not control, or entities which are variable interest entities in which we are not the primary beneficiary are accounted for under the equity method. accordingly, our share of the earnings from these equity-method basis companies is included in consolidated net income. all other investments held on a long-term basis are valued at cost less any impairment in value.
our determination of the appropriate accounting treatment for an investment in a subsidiary requires judgment of several factors, including the size and nature of our ownership interest and the other owners’ substantive rights to make decisions for the entity. if we were to make different judgments or conclusions as to the level of our control or influence, it could result in a different accounting treatment. accounting for an investment as either consolidated or using the equity method generally would have no impact on our net income or stockholders’ equity in any accounting period, but a different treatment would impact individual income statement and balance sheet items, as consolidation would effectively “gross up” our income statement and balance sheet. if our evaluation of an investment accounted for using the cost method was different, it could result in our being required to account for an investment by consolidation or by the equity method. under the cost method, the investor only records its share of the underlying entity’s earnings to the extent that it receives dividends from the investee; when the dividends received by the investor exceed the investor’s share of the investee’s earnings subsequent to the date of the investor’s investment, the investor records a reduction in the basis of its investment. under the cost method, the investor does not record its share of losses of the investee. conversely, under either consolidation or equity method accounting, the investor effectively records its share of the underlying entity’s net income or loss, or its guarantees of the underlying entity’s debt.
impairment evaluation under either the equity or cost method, impairment losses are recognized upon evidence of other-than-temporary losses of value. when testing for impairment on investments that are not actively traded on a public market, we generally use a discounted cash flow approach to estimate the fair value of our investments and/or look to comparable activities in the marketplace. management judgment is required in developing the assumptions for the discounted cash flow approach. these assumptions include net asset values, internal rates of return, discount and capitalization rates, interest rates and financing terms, rental rates, timing of leasing activity, estimates of lease terms and related concessions, etc. when determining if impairment is other-than-temporary, we also look to the length of time and the extent to which fair value has been less than cost as well as the financial condition and near-term prospects of each investment.
goodwill and other intangible assets our acquisitions require the application of purchase accounting, which results in tangible and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities of the acquired entity being recorded at fair value. the difference between the purchase price and the fair value of net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. in determining the fair values of assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination, we use a variety of valuation methods including present value, depreciated replacement cost, market values (where available) and selling prices less costs to dispose. we are responsible for determining the valuation of assets and liabilities and for the allocation of purchase price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
assumptions must often be made in determining fair values, particularly where observable market values do not exist. assumptions may include discount rates, growth rates, cost of capital, royalty rates, tax rates and remaining useful lives. these assumptions can have a significant impact on the value of identifiable assets and accordingly can impact the value of goodwill recorded. different assumptions could result in different values being attributed to assets and liabilities. since these values impact the amount of annual depreciation and amortization expense, different assumptions could also impact our statement of operations and could impact the results of future impairment reviews.
the majority of our goodwill balance has resulted from our acquisition of cbre services, inc, or cbre, in 2001 (the 2001 acquisition), our acquisition of insignia financial group, inc., or insignia, in 2003 (the insignia acquisition), the trammell crow company acquisition in 2006, the reim acquisitions in 2011 and the norland acquisition in 2013. other intangible assets that have indefinite estimated useful lives and are not being amortized include certain management contracts identified in the reim acquisitions, a trademark, which was separately identified as a result of the 2001 acquisition, and a trade name separately identified as a result of the reim acquisitions. the remaining other intangible assets primarily include customer relationships, management contracts and loan servicing rights, which are all being amortized over estimated useful lives ranging up to 20 years.
we are required to test goodwill and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives for impairment annually or more often if circumstances or events indicate a change in the impairment status. the goodwill impairment analysis is a two-step process. the first step used to identify potential impairment involves comparing each reporting unit’s estimated fair value to its carrying value, including goodwill. we use a discounted cash flow approach to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. management judgment is required in developing the assumptions for the discounted cash flow model. these assumptions include revenue growth rates, profit margin percentages, discount rates, etc. if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is considered to not be impaired. if the carrying value exceeds estimated fair value, there is an indication of potential impairment and the second step is performed to measure the amount of impairment. the second step of the process involves the calculation of an implied fair value of goodwill for each reporting unit for which step one indicated impairment. the implied fair value of goodwill is determined similar to how goodwill is calculated in a business combination, by measuring the excess of the estimated fair value of the reporting unit as calculated in step one, over the estimated fair values of the individual assets, liabilities and identifiable intangibles as if the reporting unit was being acquired in a business combination. due to the many variables inherent in the estimation of a business’s fair value and the relative size of our goodwill, if different assumptions and estimates were used, it could have an adverse effect on our impairment analysis.
our annual assessment of goodwill and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives has historically been completed as of the beginning of the fourth quarter of each year. when we performed our required annual goodwill impairment review as of october 1, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we determined that no impairment existed as the estimated fair value of our reporting units was in excess of their carrying value.
during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recorded a non-amortizable intangible asset impairment of $98.1 million in our global investment management segment. this non-cash write-off was related to a decrease
in value of our open-end funds, primarily in europe. during the year ended december 31, 2012, we recorded a non-amortizable intangible asset impairment of $19.8 million in our emea segment related to the discontinuation of the use of a trade name in the united kingdom. see note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
income taxes income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method in accordance with the “accounting for income taxes,” topic of the fasb asc, or topic 740. deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured by applying enacted tax rates and laws and are released in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. valuation allowances are provided against deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized.
accounting for tax positions requires judgments, including estimating reserves for potential uncertainties. we also assess our ability to utilize tax attributes, including those in the form of carryforwards, for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. we do not record valuation allowances for deferred tax assets that we believe will be realized in future periods. while we believe the resulting tax balances as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 are appropriately accounted for in accordance with topic 740, as applicable, the ultimate outcome of such matters could result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our consolidated financial statements and such adjustments could be material. see note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report for further information regarding income taxes.
our foreign subsidiaries have accumulated $1.3 billion of undistributed earnings for which we have not recorded a deferred tax liability. although tax liabilities might result from dividends being paid out of these earnings, or as a result of a sale or liquidation of non-u.s. subsidiaries, these earnings are permanently reinvested outside of the united states and we do not have any plans to repatriate them or to sell or liquidate any of our non-u.s. subsidiaries. to the extent that we are able to repatriate earnings in a tax efficient manner, or in the event of a change in our capital situation or investment strategy in which such funds become needed for funding our u.s. operations, we would be required to accrue and pay u.s. taxes to repatriate these funds, net of foreign tax credits. determining our tax liability upon repatriation is not practicable. cash and cash equivalents owned by non-u.s. subsidiaries totaled $287.4 million at december 31, 2014. in 2012 and 2013, we repatriated $58.0 million and $196.2 million, respectively. in anticipation of these repatriations, tax benefits of $28.8 million were recorded in 2012. additional tax benefits associated with the release of valuation allowances of $14.5 million and $4.9 million were recorded in 2013 and 2014, respectively.
results of operations the following table sets forth items derived from our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012:
cost of services                                                                 5,611,262              62.0                   4,189,389              58.3                   3,742,514                57.5
operating, administrative and other                                              2,438,960              27.0                   2,104,310              29.3                   2,002,914                30.7
non-amortizable intangible asset impairment                                              —                 —                      98,129               1.4                      19,826                 0.3
gain on disposition of real estate                                                  57,659               0.7                      13,552               0.2                       5,881                 0.1
operating income                                                                   792,254               8.8                     616,128               8.6                     585,081                 9.0
write-off of financing costs                                                        23,087               0.3                      56,295               0.8                           —                   —
income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes                                 —                 —                      26,997               0.4                         631                   —
(1)   includes ebitda related to discontinued operations of $7.9 million and $5.6 million for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
ebitda represents earnings before net interest expense, write-off of financing costs, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, while amounts shown for ebitda, as adjusted, remove the impact of certain cash and non-cash charges related to acquisitions and cost containment expenses, as well as certain carried interest incentive compensation (reversal) expense. our management believes that both of these measures are useful in evaluating our operating performance compared to that of other companies in our industry because the calculations of ebitda and ebitda, as adjusted, generally eliminate the effects of financing and income taxes and the accounting effects of capital spending and acquisitions, which would include impairment charges of goodwill and intangibles created from acquisitions. such items may vary for different companies for reasons
unrelated to overall operating performance. as a result, our management uses these measures to evaluate operating performance and for other discretionary purposes, including as a significant component when measuring our operating performance under our employee incentive programs. additionally, we believe ebitda and ebitda, as adjusted, are useful to investors to assist them in getting a more complete picture of our results of operations.
however, ebitda and ebitda, as adjusted, are not recognized measurements under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, or gaap, and when analyzing our operating performance, readers should use ebitda and ebitda, as adjusted, in addition to, and not as an alternative for, net income as determined in accordance with gaap. because not all companies use identical calculations, our presentation of ebitda and ebitda, as adjusted, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. furthermore, ebitda and ebitda, as adjusted, are not intended to be measures of free cash flow for our management’s discretionary use, as they do not consider certain cash requirements such as tax and debt service payments. the amounts shown for ebitda and ebitda, as adjusted, also differ from the amounts calculated under similarly titled definitions in our debt instruments, which are further adjusted to reflect certain other cash and non-cash charges and are used to determine compliance with financial covenants and our ability to engage in certain activities, such as incurring additional debt and making certain restricted payments.
non-amortizable intangible asset impairment                             —                      98,129                     19,826
write-off of financing costs                                       23,087                      56,295                          —
adjustments:
(1)   includes depreciation and amortization related to discontinued operations of $0.9 million and $1.3 million for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
(2)   includes interest expense related to discontinued operations of $3.3 million and $1.6 million for the years ended december 31, 2013 2012, respectively.
(3)   includes provision for income taxes related to discontinued operations of $1.3 million and $1.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
(4)   includes ebitda related to discontinued operations of $7.9 million and $5.6 million for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
we reported consolidated net income of $484.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 on revenue of $9.0 billion as compared to consolidated net income of $316.5 million on revenue of $7.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013.
our revenue on a consolidated basis for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased by $1.9 billion, or 26.0%, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase was in part due to contributions from the norland acquisition. however, the revenue increase also reflects strong organic growth, fueled by higher worldwide property, facilities and project management fees (excluding the impact of the norland acquisition, up 15.8%), increased sales (up 19.7%) and leasing (up 16.2%) activity. foreign currency translation had a $53.5 million negative impact on total revenue during the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily driven by weakness in the australian dollar, brazilian real, canadian dollar, indian rupee and japanese yen, partially offset by strength in the british pound sterling, during the year ended december 31, 2014 versus the year ended december 31, 2013.
our cost of services on a consolidated basis increased by $1.4 billion, or 33.9%, during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase was primarily due to higher costs associated with our global property and facilities management businesses, particularly due to the norland acquisition. in addition, as previously mentioned, our sales professionals generally are paid on a commission basis, which substantially correlates with our transaction revenue performance. accordingly, the increase in sales and lease transaction revenue led to a corresponding increase in commission accruals. foreign currency translation had a $35.3 million positive impact on cost of services during the year ended december 31, 2014. cost of services as a percentage of revenue increased from 58.3% for the year ended december 31, 2013 to 62.0% for the year ended december 31, 2014, largely due to the norland acquisition. excluding activity associated with norland, cost of services as a percentage of revenue was 59.4% for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to 58.3% for the year ended december 31, 2013.
our operating, administrative and other expenses on a consolidated basis increased by $334.7 million, or 15.9%, during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was partly driven by costs associated with the norland acquisition. also contributing to the variance were higher worldwide payroll-related costs (including bonuses), increased consulting costs, and an asset impairment charge of $8.6 million incurred in our americas segment during the year ended december 31, 2014. foreign currency translation had a $14.2 million positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended december 31, 2014. operating expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased from 29.3% for the year ended december 31, 2013 to 27.0% for the year ended december 31, 2014, as a result of the norland acquisition. excluding activity associated with norland, operating expenses as a percentage of revenue were relatively consistent at 29.0% for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to 29.2% for the year ended december 31, 2013.
our depreciation and amortization expense on a consolidated basis increased by $74.7 million, or 39.2%, during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase was primarily attributable to higher amortization expense relative to intangibles acquired in the norland acquisition and in-fill acquisitions completed in 2014. a rise in depreciation expense during the year ended december 31, 2014 driven by technology-related capital expenditures also contributed to the increase.
our non-amortizable intangible asset impairment on a consolidated basis was $98.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, which represented non-cash write-offs related to a decrease in value of our open-end funds in our global investment management segment, primarily in europe.
our gain on disposition of real estate on a consolidated basis was $57.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to $13.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. these gains resulted
from activity within our global investment management and development services segments. the increase over the prior-year period is largely due to our adoption of accounting standards update, or asu, 2014-08, “presentation of financial statements (topic 205) and property, plant, and equipment (topic 360): reporting discontinued operations and disclosures of disposals of components of an entity” effective january 1, 2014 and as a result, no longer reporting discontinued operations in the ordinary course of our business. prior to january 1, 2014, if in the ordinary course of business we disposed of real estate assets, or held real estate assets for sale, that were considered components of an entity in accordance with topic 360, and if we did not have, or expect to have, significant continuing involvement with the operation of these real estate assets after disposition, we were required to recognize operating profits or losses and gains or losses on disposition of these assets as discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of operations in the periods in which they occurred.
our equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries on a consolidated basis increased by $37.3 million, or 57.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase was primarily driven by higher equity earnings associated with gains on property sales within our development services segment and a gain on the sale of an equity investment in canada within our americas segment during the year ended december 31, 2014.
our consolidated interest expense decreased by $23.0 million, or 17.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, due to the effects of our refinancing activities in the first half of 2013. during the latter part of 2014, we completed three financing transactions, including the issuance in september 2014 and december 2014 of $300.0 million and $125.0 million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due march 15, 2025 and the redemption in october 2014 of all of the then outstanding 6.625% senior notes (aggregate principal amount of $350.0 million). additionally, in january 2015 we entered into an amended and restated credit agreement with more favorable interest rate spreads than under our prior credit agreement.
our write-off of financing costs on a consolidated basis was $23.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to $56.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the write-off in 2014 related to costs associated with the redemption in full of our 6.625% senior notes, including a $17.4 million early extinguishment premium and the write-off of $5.7 million of previously deferred financing costs. the write-off in 2013 primarily related to costs associated with the redemption in full of our 11.625% senior subordinated notes, including a $26.2 million early extinguishment premium and the write-off of $16.1 million of unamortized original issue discount and previously deferred financing costs. in addition, during the year ended december 31, 2013, we wrote-off $10.4 million of unamortized deferred financing costs associated with a previous credit agreement and incurred fees of $3.6 million in connection with its replacement credit agreement and 5.00% senior notes.
our provision for income taxes on a consolidated basis was $263.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to $187.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase was driven by the significant growth in pre-tax income during the year ended december 31, 2014. our effective tax rate from continuing operations, after adjusting pre-tax income to remove the portion attributable to non-controlling interests, decreased to 35.3% for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to 37.3% for the year ended december 31, 2013. this decrease was largely due to a favorable change in our mix, with 71% of our earnings, after removing the portion attributable to non-controlling interests, from the united states in 2013 as compared to 68% in 2014, partially due to the norland acquisition. additionally, during the year ended december 31, 2014, we reversed accrued taxes, interest and penalties related to settled positions, which had a positive impact on the current year effective tax rate. these favorable items were partially offset by a reduction in foreign income tax credit benefits.
our consolidated income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, was $27.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. this income was reported in our development services and global investment management segments and mostly related to gains from property sales, which were largely attributable to non-controlling interests. as previously mentioned, on january 1, 2014, we adopted asu 2014-08 and as a result, no longer anticipate reporting discontinued operations in the ordinary course of our business.
our net income attributable to non-controlling interests on a consolidated basis was $29.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to $32.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. this activity primarily reflects our non-controlling interests’ share of income within our global investment management and development services segments.
we reported consolidated net income of $316.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 on revenue of $7.2 billion as compared to consolidated net income of $315.6 million on revenue of $6.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2012.
our revenue on a consolidated basis for the year ended december 31, 2013 increased by $670.7 million, or 10.3%, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. this increase was primarily driven by higher worldwide sales (up 23.9%), property, facilities and project management (up 11.3%) and leasing (up 8.6%) activity. carried interest revenue earned in our global investment management segment also contributed to the positive variance. these items were partially offset by foreign currency translation, which had a $73.4 million negative impact on total revenue during the year ended december 31, 2013. the negative impact of foreign currency was primarily driven by weakness in the australian dollar, brazilian real, british pound sterling, canadian dollar, indian rupee and japanese yen, partially offset by strength in the euro, during the year ended december 31, 2013 versus the year ended december 31, 2012.
our cost of services on a consolidated basis increased by $446.9 million, or 11.9%, during the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. our sales professionals generally are paid on a commission basis, which substantially correlates with our transaction revenue performance. accordingly, the increase in sales and lease transaction revenue led to a corresponding increase in commission accruals. the increase in cost of services was also due to higher salaries and related costs associated with our global property, facilities and project management contracts as well as higher bonuses in the united states and the united kingdom due to increased headcount and improved operating performance. foreign currency translation had a $41.9 million positive impact on cost of services during the year ended december 31, 2013. cost of services as a percentage of revenue increased to 58.3% for the year ended december 31, 2013 from 57.5% for the year ended december 31, 2012, primarily attributable to a concentration of commissions among higher producing professionals in the united states and asia pacific. in addition, higher producer recruitment costs during the year ended december 31, 2013 increased this ratio.
our operating, administrative and other expenses on a consolidated basis increased by $101.4 million, or 5.1%, during the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase was primarily driven by strategic investments made during the year ended december 31, 2013, including increased headcount, as well as higher insurance, legal, consulting, marketing and travel costs. these increases were partially offset by $32.3 million of impairment charges incurred during the year ended december 31, 2012 that did not recur during the year ended december 31, 2013 and $25.1 million of lower transaction and integration costs attributable to acquisitions. foreign currency translation had an $18.4 million positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended december 31, 2013. operating expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased from 30.7% for the year ended december 31, 2012 to 29.3% for the year ended december 31, 2013, partially driven by the aforementioned lower costs associated with impairments and acquisitions during the year ended december 31, 2013. excluding such costs, operating expenses were 29.1% of revenue for the year ended december 31, 2013 versus 29.6% for the year ended december 31, 2012. the decrease during the year
ended december 31, 2013 was achieved despite incremental investments in our operating platform, and outside insurance costs, reflecting the operating leverage inherent in our business and proactive cost savings initiatives.
our depreciation and amortization expense on a consolidated basis increased by $20.7 million, or 12.2%, during the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. an increase in depreciation expense during the year ended december 31, 2013 driven by technology-related capital expenditures and an increase in amortization expense related to mortgage servicing rights during the year ended december 31, 2013, were partially mitigated by $9.6 million of intangible amortization expense related to ing reim incentive fees in the year ended december 31, 2012, which did not recur during the year ended december 31, 2013.
our non-amortizable intangible asset impairment on a consolidated basis was $98.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to $19.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. this activity represented non-cash write-offs related to a decrease in value of our open-end funds in our global investment management segment, primarily in europe, during the year ended december 31, 2013 and the discontinuation of the use of a trade name in the united kingdom in our emea segment during the year ended december 31, 2012.
our gain on disposition of real estate on a consolidated basis was $13.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to $5.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. these gains resulted from activity within our development services segment.
our equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries on a consolidated basis increased by $3.7 million, or 6.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. this increase was primarily attributable to higher equity earnings reported in our global investment management and americas business segments, partially offset by lower equity earnings reported in our development services segment.
our other income on a consolidated basis increased by $2.4 million, or 21.9%, during the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012, primarily driven by increased net realized and unrealized gains related to co-investments in our real estate securities business within our global investment management segment. this activity was partially offset by the impact of $4.3 million of income associated with the sale of a cost method investment in our emea segment, which did not recur during the year ended december 31, 2013.
our interest expense on a consolidated basis decreased by $40.0 million, or 22.8%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012, reflecting the effects of our refinancing activities during the year ended december 31, 2013.
our write-off of financing costs on a consolidated basis was $56.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily related to costs associated with the early redemption of the 11.625% senior subordinated notes, including a $26.2 million early extinguishment premium and the write-off of $16.1 million of unamortized original issue discount and previously deferred financing costs. in addition, during the year ended december 31, 2013, we wrote-off $10.4 million of unamortized deferred financing costs associated with a previous credit agreement and incurred fees of $3.6 million in connection with its replacement credit agreement and 5.00% senior notes.
our consolidated income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, was $27.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to $0.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. this income was reported in our development services and global investment management segments and mostly related to gains from property sales, which were largely attributable to non-controlling interests.
our net income attributable to non-controlling interests on a consolidated basis was $32.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to a net loss attributable to non-controlling interests of $10.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. this activity primarily reflects our non-controlling interests’ share of income and losses within our global investment management and development services segments.
segment operations we report our operations through the following segments: (1) americas, (2) emea, (3) asia pacific, (4) global investment management and (5) development services. the americas consists of operations located in the united states, canada and key markets in latin america. emea mainly consists of operations in europe, while asia pacific includes operations in asia, australia and new zealand. the global investment management business consists of investment management operations in north america, europe and asia pacific. the development services business consists of real estate development and investment activities primarily in the united states.
the following table summarizes our revenue, costs and expenses and operating income (loss) by our americas, emea, asia pacific, global investment management and development services operating segments for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012:
cost of services                                         3,398,443                65.3                    2,911,168                 64.6                    2,607,029                 63.5
operating, administrative and other                      1,111,091                21.4                    1,008,518                 22.4                      929,950                 22.7
operating income                                          $545,018                10.5   %                 $468,270                 10.4   %                 $483,782                 11.8   %
cost of services                                         1,605,859                68.5                      721,461                 59.3                      624,498                 60.5
operating, administrative and other                        582,182                24.8                      425,189                 34.9                      358,696                 34.8
non-amortizable intangible asset impairment                      —                   —                            —                    —                       19,826                  1.9
operating income                                           $91,583                 3.9   %                  $49,963                  4.1   %                  $14,600                  1.4   %
cost of services                                           606,960                62.7                      556,760                 63.8                      510,987                 62.5
operating, administrative and other                        272,946                28.2                      245,251                 28.1                      224,558                 27.5
operating income                                           $73,210                 7.6   %                  $58,413                  6.7   %                  $70,221                  8.6   %
global investment management revenue                                                   $468,941               100.0   %                 $537,102                100.0   %                 $482,589                100.0   %
operating, administrative and other                        373,977                79.7                      352,395                 65.6                      387,592                 80.3
non-amortizable intangible asset impairment                      —                   —                       98,129                 18.3                            —                    —
gain on disposition of real estate                          23,028                 4.9                            —                    —                            —                    —
operating income                                           $85,190                18.2   %                  $50,384                  9.4   %                  $43,707                  9.1   %
development services revenue                                                    $65,182               100.0   %                  $53,242                100.0   %                  $78,849                100.0   %
operating, administrative and other                         98,764               151.5                       72,957                137.0                      102,118                129.5
gain on disposition of real estate                          34,631                53.1                       13,552                 25.4                        5,881                  7.5
operating loss                                             $(2,747   )            (4.2   )%                $(10,902   )            (20.5   )%                $(27,229   )            (34.5   )%
(1)   see note 20 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report for a reconciliation of segment ebitda to the most comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with gaap, which is segment net income (loss) attributable to cbre group, inc.
(2)   includes ebitda related to discontinued operations of $1.4 million and $0.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
(3)   includes ebitda related to discontinued operations of $6.5 million and $5.1 million for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
americas revenue increased by $699.2 million, or 15.5%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. this improvement was primarily driven by higher property, facilities and project management fees, as well as improved leasing, sales and commercial mortgage brokerage activity. foreign currency translation had a $33.4 million negative impact on total revenue during the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily driven by weakness in the brazilian real and canadian dollar when converting to u.s. dollars during the year ended december 31, 2014 versus the year ended december 31, 2013.
cost of services increased by $487.3 million, or 16.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to increased commission expense resulting from higher sales and lease transaction revenue. higher salaries and related costs associated with our property, facilities and project management contracts also contributed to an increase in cost of services during the year ended december 31, 2014. foreign currency translation had a $20.9 million positive impact on cost of services during the year ended december 31, 2014. cost of services as a percentage of revenue increased to 65.3% for the year ended december 31, 2014 from 64.6% for the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily attributable to a concentration of commissions among higher producing professionals.
operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $102.6 million, or 10.2%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily driven by higher payroll-related costs (including bonuses), which resulted from increased headcount, as well as higher consulting costs. also contributing to the variance was the previously mentioned asset impairment charge during the year ended december 31, 2014 of $8.6 million. this non-cash write-off resulted from the decision (due to a change in strategy) to abandon a property database platform that was being developed in the u.s. foreign currency translation had a $9.4 million positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended december 31, 2014.
emea revenue increased by $1.1 billion, or 92.6%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was in part due to contributions from the norland acquisition. excluding norland, revenue was up 21.2% and growth was strong in all major business lines. foreign currency translation had a $19.1 million positive impact on total revenue during the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily driven by strength in the british pound sterling when converting to u.s. dollars during the year ended december 31, 2014 versus the year ended december 31, 2013.
cost of services increased by $884.4 million, or 122.6%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to higher costs associated with our global property and facilities management businesses, particularly due to the norland acquisition. foreign currency translation had a $12.3 million negative impact on cost of services during the year ended december 31, 2014. cost of services as a percentage of revenue increased to 68.5% for the year ended december 31, 2014 from 59.3% for the year ended december 31, 2013, mainly due to the norland acquisition. excluding activity associated with norland, cost of services as a percentage of revenue was 57.6% for the year ended december 31, 2014, an
improvement over the 59.3% of revenue recorded in the prior year, primarily driven by higher transaction revenue during the year ended december 31, 2014 in certain countries that have a significant fixed cost compensation structure.
operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $157.0 million, or 36.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily driven by costs associated with the norland acquisition. higher payroll-related costs (including bonuses), which resulted from improved operating performance, as well as increased consulting costs, also contributed to the increase for the year ended december, 31, 2014. foreign currency translation had a $3.7 million negative impact on total operating expenses during the year ended december 31, 2014.
asia pacific revenue increased by $95.0 million, or 10.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, reflecting improved overall performance in several countries, most notably in australia, india and japan, particularly in property, facilities and project management, sales and leasing activity. contributions from the acquisition of our former affiliate company in thailand in june 2014 also added to the increase during the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase was partially offset by foreign currency translation, which had a $43.7 million negative impact on total revenue during the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily driven by weakness in the australian dollar, japanese yen and indian rupee when converting to u.s. dollars during the year ended december 31, 2014 versus the year ended december 31, 2013.
cost of services increased by $50.2 million, or 9.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, driven by increased commission expense resulting from higher sales and lease transaction revenue as well as a concentration of commissions among higher producing professionals in australia and japan. higher salaries and related costs associated with our property and facilities management contracts also contributed to an increase in cost of services during the year ended december 31, 2014. foreign currency translation had a $26.7 million positive impact on cost of services during the year ended december 31, 2014. cost of services as a percentage of revenue decreased to 62.7% for the year ended december 31, 2014 from 63.8% for the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily driven by higher transaction revenue during the year ended december 31, 2014 in certain countries that have a significant fixed cost compensation structure.
operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $27.7 million, or 11.3%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily driven by higher payroll-related (including bonuses), occupancy and consulting costs. foreign currency translation had an $11.2 million positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended december 31, 2014.
global investment management revenue decreased by $68.2 million, or 12.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily driven by reduced carried interest revenue. lower asset management fees, which reflect the sale of assets in 2013 to harvest gains for fund investors (which generated the carried interest in 2013), lower fees on some aum in emea, and our exiting the management of a private reit, also contributed to the decline during the year ended december 31, 2014. these reductions were partially offset by higher acquisitions fees during the year ended december 31, 2014 as well as foreign currency translation, which had a $4.5 million positive impact on total revenue during the year ended december 31, 2014.
operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $21.6 million, or 6.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to higher carried interest expense incurred in the current year. foreign currency translation also had a $2.7 million negative impact on total operating expenses during the year ended december 31, 2014. these increases were partially offset by lower costs due to the sale of assets and internalization of the management of the private reit discussed above.
this business transitioned from gain-harvesting in 2013 to capital-deployment in 2014. total aum as of december 31, 2014 rose to $90.6 billion. a rollforward of our aum by product type for the year ended december 31, 2014 is as follows (dollars in billions):
market (depreciation) appreciation        (0.9   )           0.4                 3.3                   2.8
aum generally refers to the properties and other assets with respect to which we provide (or participate in) oversight, investment management services and other advice, and which generally consist of real estate properties or loans, securities portfolios and investments in operating companies and joint ventures. our aum is intended principally to reflect the extent of our presence in the real estate market, not the basis for determining our management fees. our material assets under management consist of:
a)                                       the total fair market value of the real estate properties and other assets either wholly-owned or held by joint ventures and other entities in which our sponsored funds or investment vehicles and client accounts have invested or to which they have provided financing. committed (but unfunded) capital from investors in our sponsored funds is not included in this component of our aum. the value of development properties is included at estimated completion cost. in the case of real estate operating companies, the total value of real properties controlled by the companies, generally through joint ventures, is included in aum; and
b)   the net asset value of our managed securities portfolios, including investments (which may be comprised of committed but uncalled capital) in private real estate funds under our fund of funds program.
our calculation of aum may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result, this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers.
development services revenue increased by $11.9 million, or 22.4%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to higher development fees during the year ended december 31, 2014 due to an increase in new projects started.
operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $25.8 million, or 35.4%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase was primarily driven by higher bonuses due to significantly improved operating performance.
as of december 31, 2014, development projects in process totaled $5.4 billion, up 10.2% from year-end 2013, and the inventory of pipeline deals totaled $4.0 billion, up 166.7% from year-end 2013.
facilities and project management activity. the pullback in multi-housing lending from government-sponsored entities, or gses, had an adverse impact on our performance, particularly in the second half of 2013. foreign currency translation had a $20.7 million negative impact on total revenue during the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily driven by weakness in the brazilian real and canadian dollar when converting to u.s. dollars during the year ended december 31, 2013 versus the year ended december 31, 2012.
cost of services increased by $304.1 million, or 11.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012, primarily due to increased commission expense resulting from higher sales and lease transaction revenue. also contributing to the variance was higher salaries and related costs associated with our property, facilities and project management contracts and higher bonuses due to increased headcount and improved operating performance. foreign currency translation had a $10.6 million positive impact on cost of services during the year ended december 31, 2013. cost of services as a percentage of revenue increased to 64.6% for the year ended december 31, 2013 from 63.5% for the year ended december 31, 2012, primarily attributable to a concentration of commissions among higher producing professionals as well as higher recruitment costs during the year ended december 31, 2013.
operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $78.6 million, or 8.4%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase was primarily driven by strategic investments made during the year ended december 31, 2013, including increased headcount, as well as higher insurance, legal, consulting, marketing and travel costs. foreign currency translation had a $6.0 million positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended december 31, 2013.
emea revenue increased by $185.3 million, or 18.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase was broad based, as every major business line showed growth, led by property sales and property, facilities and project management. notable strength was evident in france, spain and the united kingdom. foreign currency translation had a $9.5 million positive impact on total revenue during the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily driven by strength in the euro, partially offset by weakness in the british pound sterling, when converting to u.s. dollars during the year ended december 31, 2013 versus the year ended december 31, 2012.
cost of services increased by $97.0 million, or 15.5%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012 primarily due to an increase in bonuses in the united kingdom due to improved operating performance. higher salaries and related costs associated with our property, facilities and project management contracts and higher payroll-related costs due to increased headcount also contributed to the variance. foreign currency translation had a $6.2 million negative impact on cost of services during the year ended december 31, 2013. cost of services as a percentage of revenue decreased to 59.3% for the year ended december 31, 2013 from 60.5% for the year ended december 31, 2012 primarily driven by an increase in transaction revenue in certain countries that have a significant fixed compensation structure.
operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $66.5 million, or 18.5%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase was primarily driven by higher payroll-related costs, which resulted from increased headcount and improved operating performance, as well as an increase in insurance, marketing and travel costs. also contributing to the increase were higher transaction and integration costs related to acquisitions, primarily associated with the acquisition of norland. foreign currency translation had a $2.8 million negative impact on total operating expenses during the year ended december 31, 2013.
asia pacific revenue increased by $55.6 million, or 6.8%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. improved overall performance in all countries within the region, most notably
australia, china, india and japan, was partially muted by foreign currency translation, which had a $63.9 million negative impact on total revenue during the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily driven by weakness in the australian dollar, japanese yen and indian rupee when converting to u.s. dollars during the year ended december 31, 2013 versus the year ended december 31, 2012.
cost of services increased by $45.8 million, or 9.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012, driven by increased commission expense resulting from higher sales transaction revenue and higher payroll-related costs due to increased headcount. higher salaries and related costs associated with our property, facilities and project management contracts also contributed to the increase. foreign currency translation had a $37.5 million positive impact on cost of services during the year ended december 31, 2013. cost of services as a percentage of revenue increased to 63.8% for the year ended december 31, 2013 from 62.5% for the year ended december 31, 2012, primarily attributable to a concentration of commissions among higher producing professionals during the year ended december 31, 2013.
operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $20.7 million, or 9.2%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase was primarily driven by higher payroll-related costs, which mainly resulted from increased headcount, primarily in australia and china, as well as higher consulting, marketing and travel costs. foreign currency translation had a $16.6 million positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended december 31, 2013.
global investment management revenue increased by $54.5 million, or 11.3%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012, primarily driven by carried interest revenue earned during the year ended december 31, 2013, partially offset by lower asset management fees and rental revenue from consolidated real estate assets. foreign currency translation had a $1.7 million positive impact on total revenue during the year ended december 31, 2013.
operating, administrative and other expenses decreased by $35.2 million, or 9.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. this decrease was primarily driven by $36.9 million of lower transaction and integration costs associated with the reim acquisitions incurred during the year ended december 31, 2013 as well as the impact of $9.3 million of impairment charges incurred during the year ended december 31, 2012, which did not recur during the year ended december 31, 2013. these items were partially offset by higher bonuses, which resulted from improved operating performance during the year ended december 31, 2013. foreign currency translation had a $1.4 million negative impact on total operating expenses during the year ended december 31, 2013.
total aum as of december 31, 2013 amounted to $89.1 billion, down 3.2% from year-end 2012, primarily due to asset sales. a rollforward of our aum by product type for the year ended december 31, 2013 is as follows (dollars in billions):
market appreciation                  0.8               2.0                 0.5                   3.3
development services revenue decreased by $25.6 million, or 32.5%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012, primarily attributable to lower rental revenue as a result of property dispositions.
operating, administrative and other expenses decreased by $29.2 million, or 28.6%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. this decrease was primarily driven by the impact of a $17.2 million impairment charge related to real estate assets incurred during the year ended december 31, 2012, which did not recur during the year ended december 31, 2013, as well as lower property operating expenses as a result of the property dispositions noted above in this segment’s revenue discussion.
as of december 31, 2013, development projects in process totaled $4.9 billion, up 16.7% from year-end 2012. the inventory of pipeline deals totaled $1.5 billion, down 28.6% from year-end 2012.
liquidity and capital resources we believe that we can satisfy our working capital requirements and funding of investments with internally generated cash flow and, as necessary, borrowings under our revolving credit facility. our expected capital requirements for 2015 include up to approximately $180 million of anticipated net capital expenditures. as of december 31, 2014, we had committed to fund $25.5 million of additional capital to unconsolidated subsidiaries within our development services business, which we may be required to fund at any time. additionally, as of december 31, 2014, we had aggregate commitments of $19.0 million to fund future co-investments in our global investment management business, $12.7 million of which is expected to be funded in 2015.
in december 2013, we fortified our real estate outsourcing platform in europe with the acquisition of norland for approximately $474 million, which was financed with cash on hand and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. we also completed three financing transactions in recent years. these occurred in march 2013, september 2014 and december 2014, respectively, where we took advantage of market conditions to refinance our debt. in addition, in january 2015, we entered into an amended and restated credit agreement providing for a $500 million tranche a term loan facility (in addition to a $2.6 billion revolving credit facility). we historically have not sought external sources of financing and have relied on our internally generated cash flow and our revolving credit facility to fund our working capital, capital expenditure and investment requirements. in the absence of extraordinary events, we anticipate that our cash flow from operations and our revolving credit facility would be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for the foreseeable future, but at a minimum for the next 12 months. from time to time, we may again seek to take advantage of market opportunities to refinance existing debt securities with new debt securities at interest rates, maturities and terms we would deem attractive.
as evidenced above, from time to time, we consider potential strategic acquisitions. we believe that any future significant acquisitions that we may make could require us to obtain additional debt or equity financing. in the past, we have been able to obtain such financing for material transactions on terms that we believed to be reasonable. however, it is possible that we may not be able to find acquisition financing on favorable terms, or at all, in the future if we decide to make any further material acquisitions.
our long-term liquidity needs, other than those related to ordinary course obligations and commitments such as operating leases, generally are comprised of three elements. the first is the repayment of the outstanding and anticipated principal amounts of our long-term indebtedness. we are unable to project with certainty whether our long-term cash flow from operations will be sufficient to repay our long-term debt when it comes due. if our cash flow is insufficient, then we expect that we would need to refinance such indebtedness or otherwise amend its terms to extend the maturity dates. we cannot make any assurances that such refinancing or amendments would be available on attractive terms, if at all.
the second long-term liquidity need is the repayment of obligations under our pension plans in the united kingdom. our subsidiaries based in the united kingdom maintain two contributory defined benefit pension plans to provide retirement benefits to existing and former employees participating in the plans. with respect to these plans, our historical policy has been to contribute annually, an amount to fund pension cost as actuarially determined and as required by applicable laws and regulations. our contributions to these plans are invested and, if these investments do not perform in the future as well as we expect, we will be required to provide additional funding to cover any shortfall. during 2007, we reached agreements with the active members of these plans to freeze future pension plan benefits. in return, the active members became eligible to enroll in the cbre group personal pension plan, a defined contribution plan in the united kingdom. the underfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans included in pension liability in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in item 8 of this annual report was $92.9 million and $68.0 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. we expect to contribute a total of $6.1 million to fund our pension plans for the year ending december 31, 2015.
the third long-term liquidity need is the payment of obligations related to acquisitions. our acquisition structures often include deferred and/or contingent purchase price payments in future periods that are subject to the passage of time or achievement of certain performance metrics and other conditions. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, we had accrued for $125.2 million and $86.9 million, respectively, of deferred purchase consideration, which was included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
historical cash flows operating activities net cash provided by operating activities totaled $661.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, a decrease of $83.3 million as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. this variance was primarily due to an increase in receivables during the year ended december 31, 2014 and greater sales of real estate held for sale and under development during the year ended december 31, 2013. in addition, higher bonuses, income taxes and commissions paid during the year ended december 31, 2014 also contributed to the decrease. these items were partially offset by an increase in bonus accruals and improved operating performance during the year ended december 31, 2014.
net cash provided by operating activities totaled $745.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, an increase of $454.0 million as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. this variance was primarily due to a decrease in real estate held for sale and under development and higher bonus accruals during the year ended december 31, 2013. in addition, improved operating performance and greater collections on receivables during the year ended december 31, 2013 contributed to the variance. these items were partially offset by higher bonus payments made during the year ended december 31, 2013.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities totaled $151.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, a decrease of $313.4 million as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. this decrease was primarily driven by greater amounts paid for acquisitions during the year ended december 31, 2013 (including the norland acquisition) and lower proceeds received from the sale of real estate held for investment during the year ended december 31, 2014.
net cash used in investing activities totaled $465.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, an increase of $267.3 million as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. this variance was primarily driven by greater amounts paid for acquisitions during the year ended december 31, 2013. this was partially offset by higher proceeds received from the sale of real estate held for investment during the year ended december 31, 2013 and a decrease in cash during the year ended december 31, 2012 as a result of the deconsolidation of cbre
financing activities net cash used in financing activities totaled $232.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, a decrease of $634.2 million as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. this variance was primarily due to our refinancing efforts during the year ended december 31, 2013, including the net repayment of $924.0 million of senior secured term loans and the redemption of $450.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 11.625% senior subordinated notes, partially offset by the issuance of $800.0 million of 5.00% senior notes. proceeds from the issuance of the 5.25% senior notes due in 2025 during the year ended december 31, 2014 and higher net repayments of notes payable on real estate within our development services segment and higher distributions to non-controlling interests during the year ended december 31, 2013 also contributed to the variance. these items were partially offset by the redemption of $350.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.625% senior notes in 2014.
net cash used in financing activities totaled $866.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, an increase of $765.6 million as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase in cash used in financing activities was primarily due to our refinancing efforts during the year ended december 31, 2013, including the net repayment of $924.0 million of senior secured term loans and the redemption of $450.0 million of 11.625% senior subordinated notes, partially offset by the issuance of $800.0 million of 5.00% senior notes. in addition, higher net repayments of notes payable on real estate within our development services segment and higher distributions to non-controlling interests during the year ended december 31, 2013 also contributed to the increase.
summary of contractual obligations and other commitments the following is a summary of our various contractual obligations and other commitments as of december 31, 2014:
operating leases (3)                                      1,207,086                    203,974                     344,574                     243,327                     415,211
amount of other commitments expiration other commitments                                 total                         less than                  1 – 3 years                     3 – 5 years             more than
letters of credit (3)                             $40,869                       $40,869                    $—                                       $—             $—
(1)   see note 12 of our notes to the consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report. figures do not include scheduled interest payments.
(2)                                                on january 9, 2015, we entered into an amended and restated credit agreement, which resulted in the pay off of the prior tranche a and tranche b term loans
(balances were $434.4 million and $211.2 million, respectively, at december 31, 2014) and the previously outstanding balance on our prior revolving credit facility ($4.8 million at december 31, 2014). the amended and restated credit agreement includes a $2.6 billion revolving credit facility and a $500.0 million tranche a term loan facility. assuming each debt obligation is held until maturity (taking into consideration the above mentioned changes to our credit agreement in january 2015), we estimate that we will make the following interest payments (dollars in thousands): 2015 – $70,785; 2016 to 2017 – $140,614; 2018 to 2019 – $138,843 and thereafter – $249,922. the interest payments on the new tranche a term loan facility have been calculated based on the interest rate as of january 9, 2015.
(3)   see note 13 of our notes to the consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
(4)   see note 14 of our notes to the consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
(5)   because these obligations are related, either wholly or partially, to the future retirement of our employees and such retirement dates are not predictable, an undeterminable portion of this amount will be paid in years one through five.
(6)                                             see note 11 of our notes to the consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report. figures do not include scheduled interest payments.
the notes (primarily construction loans) have either fixed or variable interest rates, ranging from 2.41% to 10.0% at december 31, 2014. in general, interest is drawn on the underlying loan and subsequently paid with proceeds received upon the sale of the real estate project.
(7)   represents deferred obligations related to previous acquisitions, which are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2014 set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
(8)   due to the nature of guarantees, payments could be due at any time upon the occurrence of certain triggering events including default. accordingly, all guarantees are reflected as expiring in less than one year.
(9)   includes $19.0 million related to our global investment management segment, $12.7 million of which is expected to be funded in 2015 and $25.5 million related to our development services segment (callable at any time).
(10)                                                as of december 31, 2014, our current and non-current tax liabilities, including interest and penalties, totaled $74.8 million. of this amount, we can reasonably estimate that $28.8 million will require cash settlement in less than one year and $11.8 million will require cash settlement in one to three years. we are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions for the remaining $34.2 million.
(11)                                        represents outstanding reserves for claims under certain insurance programs, which are included in other current and other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2014 set forth in item 8 of this annual report. due to the nature of this item, payments could be due at any time upon the occurrence of certain events. accordingly, the entire balance has been reflected as expiring in less than one year.
indebtedness our level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to pay the principal amount of our indebtedness and other obligations when due. in addition, we may incur additional debt from time to time to finance strategic acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or for other purposes, subject to the restrictions contained in the documents governing our indebtedness. if we incur additional debt, the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our debt, would increase.
since 2001, we have maintained credit facilities to fund strategic acquisitions and to provide for our working capital needs. on march 28, 2013, we entered into a credit agreement (the 2013 credit agreement) with a syndicate of banks led by credit suisse group ag, or cs, as administrative and collateral agent, to completely refinance a previous credit agreement, pursuant to which we completed a series of financing transactions, which
included the repayment of $1.6 billion of our senior secured term loans under the previous credit agreement. on january 9, 2015, we entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the 2015 credit agreement) with a syndicate of banks jointly led by merrill lynch, pierce, fenner & smith incorporated, j.p morgan securities llc and cs.
our 2015 credit agreement currently provides for the following: (1) a $2.6 billion revolving credit facility, including revolving credit loans, letters of credit and a swingline loan facility, maturing on january 9, 2020; and (2) a $500.0 million tranche a term loan facility requiring quarterly principal payments, which begin on june 30, 2015 and continue through maturity on january 9, 2020.
the new revolving credit facility allows for borrowings outside of the united states, with a $75.0 million sub-facility available to one of our canadian subsidiaries, a $100.0 million sub-facility available to one of our australian subsidiaries and one of our new zealand subsidiaries and a $300.0 million sub-facility available to one of our u.k. subsidiaries. additionally, outstanding borrowings under these sub-facilities may be up to 5.0% higher as allowed under the currency fluctuation provision in the 2015 credit agreement. borrowings under the new revolving credit facility bear interest at varying rates, based at our option, on either the applicable fixed rate plus 1.175% to 1.50% or the daily rate plus 0.175% to 0.50% as determined by reference to our ratio of total debt less available cash to ebitda (as defined in the 2015 credit agreement). borrowings under the new tranche a term loan facility bear interest, based on our option, on either the applicable fixed rate plus 1.375% to 1.85% or the daily rate plus 0.375% to 0.85%, as determined by reference to our ratio of total debt less available cash to ebitda (as defined in the 2015 credit agreement).
the 2015 credit agreement is jointly and severally guaranteed by us and substantially all of our material domestic subsidiaries. borrowings under the 2015 credit agreement are secured by a pledge of substantially all of the capital stock of our u.s. subsidiaries and 65.0% of the capital stock of certain non-u.s. subsidiaries, in each case, held by cbre and the u.s. guarantor subsidiaries. also, the 2015 credit agreement requires us to pay a fee based on the total amount of the unused revolving credit facility commitment.
in january 2015, proceeds from the new tranche a term loan facility and from the $125.0 million of 5.25% senior notes due 2025 issued in december 2014, along with cash on hand, were used to pay off the prior tranche a and tranche b term loans and the previously outstanding balance on our prior revolving credit facility.
as of december 31, 2014, our 2013 credit agreement provided for the following: (1) a $1.2 billion revolving credit facility, which included revolving credit loans, letters of credit and a swingline loan facility, and would have matured on march 28, 2018; (2) a $500.0 million tranche a term loan facility (of which $300.0 million was on an optional delayed-draw basis for up to 120 days from march 28, 2013, which we drew down in june 2013 to partially fund the redemption of our 11.625% senior subordinated notes), which required quarterly principal payments, which began on june 30, 2013 and would have continued through maturity on march 28, 2018; and (3) a $215.0 million tranche b term loan facility requiring quarterly principal payments, which began on june 30, 2013 and would have continued through december 31, 2020, with the balance payable at maturity on march 28, 2021.
the revolving credit facility under the 2013 credit agreement allowed for borrowings outside of the united states, with a $10.0 million sub-facility available to one of our canadian subsidiaries, a $35.0 million sub-facility available to one of our australian subsidiaries and one of our new zealand subsidiaries and a $150.0 million sub-facility available to one of our u.k. subsidiaries. additionally, outstanding borrowings under these sub-facilities could have been up to 5.0% higher as allowed under the currency fluctuation provision in the 2013 credit agreement. borrowings under the prior revolving credit facility bore interest at varying rates, based at our option, on either the applicable fixed rate plus 1.15% to 2.25% or the daily rate plus 0.125% to 1.25% as determined by reference to our ratio of total debt less available cash to ebitda (as defined in the 2013 credit agreement). as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, we had $4.8 million and $142.5 million, respectively, of revolving credit facility principal outstanding with related weighted average interest rates of 1.4% and 2.2%,
respectively, which were included in short-term borrowings in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in item 8 of this annual report. as of december 31, 2014, letters of credit totaling $7.4 million were outstanding under the revolving credit facility. these letters of credit, which reduce the amount we may borrow under the revolving credit facility, were primarily issued in the normal course of business as well as in connection with certain insurance programs.
borrowings under the term loan facilities (under the 2013 credit agreement) as of december 31, 2014 bore interest, based at our option, on the following: for the tranche a term loan facility, on either the applicable fixed rate plus 1.50% to 2.75% or the daily rate plus 0.50% to 1.75%, as determined by reference to our ratio of total debt less available cash to ebitda (as defined in the 2013 credit agreement) and for the tranche b term loan facility, on either the applicable fixed rate plus 2.75% or the daily rate plus 1.75%. as of december 31, 2014, we had $645.6 million of term loan facilities principal outstanding (including $434.4 million of tranche a term loan facility and $211.2 million of tranche b term loan facility) under the 2013 credit agreement, which were included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in item 8 of this annual report. as of december 31, 2013, we had $685.3 million of term loan facilities principal outstanding (including $471.9 million of tranche a term loan facility and $213.4 million of tranche b term loan facility) under the 2013 credit agreement, which were also included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
the 2013 credit agreement was jointly and severally guaranteed by us and substantially all of our material domestic subsidiaries. borrowings under the 2013 credit agreement were secured by a pledge of substantially all of the capital stock of our u.s. subsidiaries and 65.0% of the capital stock of certain non-u.s. subsidiaries, in each case, held by cbre and the u.s. guarantor subsidiaries. also, the 2013 credit agreement required us to pay a fee based on the total amount of the unused revolving credit facility commitment.
in march 2011, we entered into five interest rate swap agreements, all with effective dates in october 2011, and immediately designated them as cash flow hedges in accordance with financial accounting standards board, or fasb, accounting standards codification, or asc, topic 815, “derivatives and hedging.” the purpose of these interest rate swap agreements is to attempt to hedge potential changes to our cash flows due to the variable interest nature of our senior secured term loan facilities. the total notional amount of these interest rate swap agreements is $400.0 million, with $200.0 million expiring in october 2017 and $200.0 million expiring in september 2019. there was no significant hedge ineffectiveness for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, the fair values of such interest rate swap agreements were reflected as a $26.9 million liability and a $29.0 million liability, respectively, and were included in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
on september 26, 2014, cbre, our wholly-owned subsidiary, issued $300.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due march 15, 2025. on december 12, 2014, cbre issued an additional $125.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due march 15, 2025 at a price equal to 101.5% of their face value, plus interest deemed to have accrued from september 26, 2014. the 5.25% senior notes are unsecured obligations of cbre, senior to all of its current and future subordinated indebtedness, but effectively subordinated to all of its current and future secured indebtedness. the 5.25% senior notes are jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior basis by us and each domestic subsidiary of cbre that guarantees our 2015 credit agreement. interest accrues at a rate of 5.25% per year and is payable semi-annually in arrears on march 15 and september 15, beginning on march 15, 2015. the 5.25% senior notes are redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, prior to december 15, 2024 at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of the 5.25% senior notes to be redeemed and (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon to december 15, 2024 (not including any portions of payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis at the adjusted treasury rate (as defined in the indentures governing these notes). in addition, at any time on or after december 15, 2024, the 5.25% senior notes may be redeemed by us, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100.0% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to (but
excluding) the date of redemption. if a change of control triggering event (as defined in the indenture governing these notes) occurs, we are obligated to make an offer to purchase the then outstanding 5.25% senior notes at a redemption price of 101.0% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase. the amount of the 5.25% senior notes included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in item 8 of this annual report was $426.8 million at december 31, 2014.
on march 14, 2013, cbre issued $800.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.00% senior notes due march 15, 2023. the 5.00% senior notes are unsecured obligations of cbre, senior to all of its current and future subordinated indebtedness, but effectively subordinated to all of its current and future secured indebtedness. the 5.00% senior notes are jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior basis by us and each domestic subsidiary of cbre that guarantees our 2015 credit agreement. interest accrues at a rate of 5.00% per year and is payable semi-annually in arrears on march 15 and september 15, beginning on september 15, 2013. the 5.00% senior notes are redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, on or after march 15, 2018 at a redemption price of 102.5% of the principal amount on that date and at declining prices thereafter. at any time prior to march 15, 2016, we may redeem up to 35.0% of the original principal amount of the 5.00% senior notes using the net cash proceeds from certain public offerings. in addition, at any time prior to march 15, 2018, the 5.00% senior notes may be redeemed by us, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100.0% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption, and an applicable premium (as defined in the indenture governing these notes), which is based on the excess of the present value of the march 15, 2018 redemption price plus all remaining interest payments through march 15, 2018, over the principal amount of the 5.00% senior notes on such redemption date. if a change of control triggering event (as defined in the indenture governing these notes) occurs, we are obligated to make an offer to purchase the then outstanding 5.00% senior notes at a redemption price of 101.0% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. the amount of the 5.00% senior notes included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in item 8 of this annual report was $800.0 million at both december 31, 2014 and 2013.
on october 8, 2010, cbre issued $350.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.625% senior notes due october 15, 2020. the 6.625% senior notes were unsecured obligations of cbre, senior to all of its current and future subordinated indebtedness, but effectively subordinated to all of its current and future secured indebtedness. the 6.625% senior notes were jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior basis by us and each domestic subsidiary of cbre that guarantees our 2015 credit agreement. interest accrued at a rate of 6.625% per year and was payable semi-annually in arrears on april 15 and october 15, having commenced on april 15, 2011. the 6.625% senior notes were redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, on or after october 15, 2014 at a redemption price of 104.969% of the principal amount on that date and at declining prices thereafter. in addition, at any time prior to october 15, 2014, the 6.625% senior notes were redeemable by us, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and an applicable premium (as defined in the indenture governing these notes), which was based on the greater of 1.00% of the principal amount of the 6.625% senior notes and the excess of the present value of the october 15, 2014 redemption price plus all remaining interest payments through october 15, 2014, over the principal amount of the 6.625% senior notes on such redemption date. we redeemed these notes in full on october 27, 2014 in accordance with the provisions of the notes and associated indenture. in connection with this early redemption, we incurred charges of $23.1 million, including a premium of $17.4 million and the write-off of $5.7 million of unamortized deferred financing costs. the amount of the 6.625% senior notes included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in item 8 of this annual report was $350.0 million at december 31, 2013.
our 2015 credit agreement and the indentures governing our 5.00% senior notes and 5.25% senior notes contain numerous restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends or make distributions to stockholders, repurchase capital stock or debt, make investments, sell assets or subsidiary stock, create or permit liens on assets, engage in transactions with affiliates, enter into sale/leaseback transactions, issue subsidiary equity and enter into consolidations or mergers. our 2015 credit agreement also currently requires us to maintain a minimum coverage ratio of ebitda (as defined in the 2015 credit agreement) to total interest expense of 2.00x and a maximum leverage ratio of total debt less
available cash to ebitda (as defined in the 2015 credit agreement) of 4.25x as of the end of each fiscal quarter. our coverage ratio of ebitda to total interest expense was 12.34x for the year ended december 31, 2014 and our leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to ebitda was 1.02x as of december 31, 2014. we may from time to time, in our sole discretion, look for opportunities to refinance or reduce our outstanding debt under our 2015 credit agreement and under our 5.00% senior notes and 5.25% senior notes.
from time to time, our indebtedness is rated by certain nationally recognized statistical rating organizations. the interest rates under our 2015 credit agreement would be positively impacted if we had two issuer or long-term debt ratings of “investment grade” (as defined in the 2015 credit agreement). in addition, changes in these ratings could impact the terms and availability of any future indebtedness.
on june 18, 2009, cbre issued $450.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 11.625% senior subordinated notes due june 15, 2017 for approximately $435.9 million, net of discount. the 11.625% senior subordinated notes were unsecured senior subordinated obligations of cbre and were jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior subordinated basis by us and our domestic subsidiaries that guarantee our 2015 credit agreement. interest accrued at a rate of 11.625% per year and was payable semi-annually in arrears on june 15 and december 15. as permitted by the indenture governing these notes, on june 15, 2013, we redeemed all of the 11.625% senior subordinated notes. in connection with this early redemption, we paid a premium of $26.2 million and wrote off $16.1 million of unamortized deferred financing costs and unamortized discount.
we had short-term borrowings of $506.1 million and $517.1 million as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, with related weighted average interest rates of 1.8% and 1.9%, respectively, which are included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
on march 2, 2007, we entered into a $50.0 million credit note with wells fargo bank for the purpose of purchasing eligible investments, which include cash equivalents, agency securities, a1/p1 commercial paper and eligible money market funds. the proceeds of this note are not made generally available to us, but instead are deposited in an investment account maintained by wells fargo bank and used and applied solely to purchase eligible investment securities. this agreement has been amended several times and currently provides for a $5.0 million revolving credit note, bears interest at 0.25% and has a maturity date of may 31, 2015. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, there were no amounts outstanding under this note.
on march 4, 2008, we entered into a $35.0 million credit and security agreement with bank of america, or bofa, for the purpose of purchasing eligible financial instruments, which include a1/p1 commercial paper, u.s. treasury securities, government sponsored enterprise, or gse, discount notes (as defined in the credit and security agreement) and money market funds. the proceeds of this loan are not made generally available to us, but instead are deposited in an investment account maintained by bofa and used and applied solely to purchase eligible financial instruments. this agreement has been amended several times and currently provides for a $5.0 million credit line, bears interest at 1% and has a maturity date of april 30, 2015. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, there were no amounts outstanding under this agreement.
on august 19, 2008, we entered into a $15.0 million uncommitted facility with first tennessee bank for the purpose of purchasing investments, which included cash equivalents, agency securities, a1/p1 commercial paper and eligible money market funds. the proceeds of this facility were not made generally available to us, but instead were held in a collateral account maintained by first tennessee bank. this agreement provided for a $4.0 million credit line, bore interest at 0.25% and expired on august 31, 2014. as of both december 31, 2014 and 2013, there were no amounts outstanding under this agreement.
our wholly-owned subsidiary, cbre capital markets, has the following warehouse lines of credit: credit agreements with jp morgan chase bank, n.a., or jp morgan, bofa, td bank, n.a., or td bank, and capital
one, n.a., or capital one, for the purpose of funding mortgage loans that will be resold, and a funding arrangement with federal national mortgage association, or fannie mae, for the purpose of selling a percentage of certain closed multifamily loans.
on november 15, 2005, cbre capital markets entered into a secured credit agreement with jp morgan to establish a warehouse line of credit. this agreement has been amended several times and as of december 31, 2014, provided for a $275.0 million line of credit, $100.0 million of which matured on january 15, 2015. this agreement currently provides for a $175.0 million line of credit, bears interest at the daily one-month libor plus 1.90% and has a maturity date of october 26, 2015.
on april 16, 2008, cbre capital markets entered into a secured credit agreement with bofa to establish a warehouse line of credit. this agreement has been amended several times and currently provides for a $400.0 million line of credit and bears interest at the daily one-month libor plus 1.60%. a portion of the line of credit totaling $200.0 million matures on march 23, 2015. the remainder, or $200.0 million, has a maturity date of may 27, 2015.
in august 2009, cbre capital markets entered into a funding arrangement with fannie mae under its multifamily as soon as pooled plus agreement and its multifamily as soon as pooled sale agreement, or asap program. under the asap program, cbre capital markets may elect, on a transaction by transaction basis, to sell a percentage of certain closed multifamily loans to fannie mae on an expedited basis. after all contingencies are satisfied, the asap program requires that cbre capital markets repurchase the interest in the multifamily loan previously sold to fannie mae followed by either a full delivery back to fannie mae via whole loan execution or a securitization into a mortgage backed security. under this agreement, the maximum outstanding balance under the asap program cannot exceed $200.0 million and, between the sale date to fannie mae and the repurchase date by cbre capital markets, the outstanding balance bears interest and is payable to fannie mae at the daily one-month libor plus 1.35% with a libor floor of 0.35%. this arrangement remains in place but is cancelable at any time by fannie mae with notice.
on december 21, 2010, cbre capital markets entered into a secured credit agreement with td bank to establish a warehouse line of credit. the secured revolving line of credit has been amended several times and currently provides for a $300.0 million line of credit, bears interest at the daily one-month libor plus 1.50% and has a maturity date of june 30, 2015.
on july 30, 2012, cbre capital markets entered into a secured credit agreement with capital one to establish a warehouse line of credit. this agreement currently provides for a $200.0 million senior secured revolving line of credit, bears interest at the daily one-month libor plus 1.55% and has a maturity date of july 29, 2015.
on september 21, 2012, cbre capital markets entered into a repurchase facility with jp morgan for additional warehouse capacity pursuant to a master repurchase agreement. this agreement provided for a $200.0 million warehouse facility, bore interest at the daily one-month libor plus 2.25% and expired on january 16, 2014.
on march 17, 2014, cbre capital markets’ wholly-owned subsidiary, cbre business lending, inc., entered into a secured credit agreement with jp morgan to establish a line of credit. this agreement currently provides for a $25.0 million secured revolving line of credit, bears interest at daily one-month libor plus 2.75% and has a maturity date of march 16, 2015.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, we had a maximum of $1.1 billion of warehouse lines of credit principal outstanding. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, we had $501.2 million and $374.6 million, respectively, of warehouse lines of credit principal outstanding, which were included in short-term borrowings in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in item 8 of this annual report. additionally, we had
$506.3 million and $381.5 million of mortgage loans held for sale (warehouse receivables), as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, which substantially represented mortgage loans funded through the lines of credit that, while committed to be purchased, had not yet been purchased and which were also included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
pension liability our subsidiaries based in the united kingdom maintain two contributory defined benefit pension plans to provide retirement benefits to existing and former employees participating in the plans. the underfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans included in pension liability in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in item 8 of this annual report was $92.9 million and $68.0 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. we expect to contribute a total of $6.1 million to fund our pension plans for the year ending december 31, 2015.
off-balance sheet arrangements in january 2008, cbre multifamily capital, inc., or cbre mci, a wholly-owned subsidiary of cbre capital markets, entered into an agreement with fannie mae, under fannie mae’s delegated underwriting and servicing lender program, or dus program, to provide financing for multifamily housing with five or more units. under the dus program, cbre mci originates, underwrites, closes and services loans without prior approval by fannie mae, and in selected cases, is subject to sharing up to one-third of any losses on loans originated under the dus program. cbre mci has funded loans subject to such loss sharing arrangements with unpaid principal balances of $9.7 billion at december 31, 2014. additionally, cbre mci has funded loans under the dus program that are not subject to loss sharing arrangements with unpaid principal balances of approximately $293.7 million at december 31, 2014. cbre mci, under its agreement with fannie mae, must post cash reserves or other acceptable collateral under formulas established by fannie mae to provide for sufficient capital in the event losses occur. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, cbre mci had a $29.0 million letter of credit and $16.6 million of cash deposited, respectively, under this reserve arrangement, and had provided approximately $16.8 million and $13.8 million, respectively, of loan loss accruals. fannie mae’s recourse under the dus program is limited to the assets of cbre mci, which totaled approximately $310.2 million (including $165.9 million of warehouse receivables, a substantial majority of which are pledged against warehouse lines of credit and are therefore not available to fannie mae) at december 31, 2014.
we had outstanding letters of credit totaling $40.9 million as of december 31, 2014, excluding letters of credit for which we have outstanding liabilities already accrued on our consolidated balance sheet related to our subsidiaries’ outstanding reserves for claims under certain insurance programs as well as letters of credit related to operating leases. cbre mci’s letter of credit totaling $29.0 million referred to in the preceding paragraph represented the majority of the $40.9 million outstanding letters of credit. the remaining letters of credit are primarily executed by us in the ordinary course of business and expire at varying dates through december 2015.
we had guarantees totaling $13.8 million as of december 31, 2014, excluding guarantees related to pension liabilities, consolidated indebtedness and other obligations for which we have outstanding liabilities already accrued on our consolidated balance sheet, and operating leases. the $13.8 million mainly represents guarantees of obligations of unconsolidated subsidiaries, which expire at varying dates through december 2018, as well as various guarantees of management contracts in our operations overseas, which expire at the end of each of the respective agreements.
in addition, as of december 31, 2014, we had numerous completion and budget guarantees relating to development projects. these guarantees are made by us in the ordinary course of our development services business. each of these guarantees requires us to complete construction of the relevant project within a specified timeframe and/or within a specified budget, with us potentially being liable for costs to complete in excess of such timeframe or budget. however, we generally have “guaranteed maximum price” contracts with reputable
general contractors with respect to projects for which we provide these guarantees. these contracts are intended to pass the risk to such contractors. while there can be no assurance, we do not expect to incur any material losses under these guarantees.
an important part of the strategy for our global investment management business involves investing our capital in certain real estate investments with our clients. these co-investments typically range from 2.0% to 5.0% of the equity in a particular fund. as of december 31, 2014, we had aggregate commitments of $19.0 million to fund future co-investments, $12.7 million of which is expected to be funded in 2015. in addition to required future capital contributions, some of the co-investment entities may request additional capital from us and our subsidiaries holding investments in those assets and the failure to provide these contributions could have adverse consequences to our interests in these investments.
additionally, an important part of our development services business strategy is to invest in unconsolidated real estate subsidiaries as a principal (in most cases co-investing with our clients). as of december 31, 2014, we had committed to fund $25.5 million of additional capital to these unconsolidated subsidiaries, which we may be required to fund at any time.
seasonality a significant portion of our revenue is seasonal, which an investor should keep in mind when comparing our financial condition and results of operations on a quarter-by-quarter basis. historically, our revenue, operating income, net income and cash flow from operating activities tend to be lowest in the first quarter, and highest in the fourth quarter of each year. earnings and cash flow have generally been concentrated in the fourth quarter due to the focus on completing sales, financing and leasing transactions prior to calendar year-end.
inflation our commissions and other variable costs related to revenue are primarily affected by real estate market supply and demand, which may be affected by general economic conditions including inflation. however, to date, we do not believe that general inflation has had a material impact upon our operations.
new accounting pronouncements in may 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-09, “revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606).” this asu requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. the asu will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, or gaap, when it becomes effective on january 1, 2017. this asu permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. early adoption is not permitted. we are evaluating the effect that asu 2014-09 will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. we have not yet selected a transition method nor have we determined the effect of this asu on our ongoing financial reporting.
in february 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-02, “consolidation (topic 810): amendments to the consolidation analysis.” this asu provides consolidation guidance for legal entities such as limited partnerships, limited liability corporations and securitization structures. this asu offers updated consolidation evaluation criteria and may require additional disclosure requirements. asu 2015-02 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after december 15, 2016. we do not believe the adoption of this update will have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or disclosure requirements of our consolidated financial statements.