item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the company's consolidated financial statements.
overview the company's business the company develops, manufactures, markets and sells a broad range of household, personal care and specialty products.  the company sells its consumer products under a variety of brands through a broad distribution platform that includes supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, dollar, pet and other specialty stores, and websites, all of which sell the products to consumers.  the company also sells specialty products to industrial customers and distributors.  the company focuses its consumer products marketing efforts principally on its "power brands."  these well-recognized brand names include arm & hammer (used in multiple product categories such as baking soda, cat litter, carpet deodorization and laundry detergent), trojan condoms, lubricants and vibrators, oxiclean stain removers, cleaning solutions, laundry detergent, dishwashing detergent and bleach alternatives, spinbrush battery-operated and manual toothbrushes,  first response home pregnancy and ovulation test kits, nair depilatories, orajel oral analgesics, xtra laundry detergent, and l'il critters and vitafusion gummy dietary supplements.  the company considers four of these brands to be "mega brands": arm & hammer, oxiclean, trojan, and l'il critters and vitafusion, and is giving greatest focus to the growth of these brands.
the company operates its business in three segments: consumer domestic, consumer international and spd.  the consumer domestic segment includes the power brands noted above and other household and personal care products such as scrub free, kaboom and orange glo cleaning products, arrid antiperspirant, close-up and aim toothpastes and simply saline nasal saline moisturizer.  the consumer international segment primarily sells a variety of personal care products, some of which use the same brand names as the company's domestic product lines, in international markets including canada, france, australia, the united kingdom, mexico and brazil.  the spd segment is the largest u.s. producer of sodium bicarbonate, which it sells together with other specialty inorganic chemicals for a variety of industrial, institutional, medical and food applications.  this segment also sells a range of animal nutrition and specialty cleaning products.  in 2014, the consumer domestic, consumer international and spd segments represented approximately 75%, 16% and 9%, respectively, of the company's consolidated net sales.
2014 financial highlights key fiscal year 2014 financial results include:
·   2014 net sales grew 3.2% over fiscal year 2013, with gains in all three of the company's segments, primarily due to volume growth and the impact of the 2014 acquisition of the lil' drug store brands, partially offset by higher promotional spending and currency fluctuations.
·   gross margin decreased 90 basis points to 44.1% in fiscal year 2014 from 45.0% in fiscal year 2013, reflecting higher promotional spending in support of new and existing products, higher commodity costs and currency fluctuations.
·   operating margin decreased 10 basis points to 19.4% in fiscal year 2014 from 19.5% in fiscal year 2013, reflecting a lower gross margin and slightly higher marketing costs, partially offset by lower selling, general and administrative expenses ("sg&amp;a").
·   the company achieved diluted net earnings per share in fiscal year 2014 of $3.01, an increase of approximately 8.0% from fiscal year 2013 diluted net earnings per share of $2.79.
·   cash from operations was $540.3, a $40.7 increase from the prior year, which includes the deferral of a $36 payment relating to december 2012 estimated federal tax paid in the first quarter of 2013 as a result of hurricane sandy relief.
strategic goals, challenges and initiatives the company's ability to generate sales depends on consumer demand for its products and retail customers' decisions to carry its products, which are, in part, affected by general economic conditions in its markets.  in 2014, many of the markets in which the
company operates continued to experience general economic softness and weak or inconsistent consumer demand.  although the company's consumer products generally are consumer staples and less vulnerable to decreases in discretionary spending than other products, the continued economic downturn has reduced demand in many categories, particularly those in personal care, and affected company sales in recent periods.  some customers have responded to economic conditions by increasing their private label offerings (primarily in the dietary supplements, diagnostic kits and oral analgesics categories), and consolidating the product selections they offer to the top few leading brands in each category.  in addition, an increasing portion of the company's product categories are being sold by club stores, dollar stores and mass merchandisers.  these customer actions have placed downward pressure on the company's sales and gross margins.
the company expects a competitive marketplace in 2015 due to new product introductions by competitors and continuing aggressive competitive pricing pressures.  in the u.s., an improving unemployment rate and higher disposable income due to low gasoline prices are expected to have a positive effect on consumption patterns in the second half of 2015.  to continue to deliver attractive results for stockholders in this environment, the company intends to continue to aggressively pursue several key strategic initiatives: maintain competitive marketing and trade spending, tightly control its cost structure, continue to develop and launch new and differentiated products, and pursue strategic acquisitions.  the company also intends to continue to grow its product sales geographically (in an attempt to mitigate the impact of weakness in any one area), and maintain an offering of premium and value brand products (to appeal to a wide range of consumers).
the company continues to experience heightened competitive activity in certain product categories from other larger multinational competitors, some of which have greater resources.  such activities have included new product introductions, more aggressive product claims and marketing challenges, as well as increased promotional spending.  since the 2012 introduction in the u.s. of unit dose laundry detergent by various manufacturers, including the company, there has been significant product and price competition in the laundry detergent category, contributing to an overall category decline.  during 2012, 2013 and 2014 the category declined by 0.6%, 3.2% and 2.9%, respectively.
in 2014, p&g, one of the company's major competitors and the market leader in premium laundry detergent, including unit dose laundry detergent, reconfigured certain of its product offerings and related marketing and pricing strategies and launched various products to compete more directly with the company's core arm & hammer, xtra and oxiclean power brands.  for example, p&g launched a lower-priced line of laundry detergents to compete directly with the company's core value laundry detergents, and launched a versatile stain remover to compete with oxiclean, the company's pre-wash additive.
the company responded to these competitive pressures by, among other things, focusing on strengthening its key brands, including increased focus on the arm & hammer, oxiclean, trojan and l'il critters and vitafusion mega brands, which each span various product categories, including premium and value household products, and represented approximately 60% of the company's sales and profits in 2014, through the launch of innovative new products and strong sales execution supported by increased marketing and trade spending.  these mega brands have advantages over other power brands, including the ability to leverage research and development and marketing investments and lower overhead costs across mega brand categories.  for example, the company's 2014 responsive product introductions include the simultaneous launch of oxiclean branded products into the mid/premium tier laundry detergent segment, and auto dish detergent category and bleach alternatives with continued support of, and innovation in, the company's base arm &hammer and oxiclean businesses, to create scale and maximize marketing efforts.  in 2015, the company intends to continue to heavily invest in the oxiclean brand as 2015 marks the second year of the company's goal to establish oxiclean as a mega brand in multiple categories.  mega brand launches and launches of other products are anticipated to contribute more incremental new product revenue than the introduction of new products has in prior years, and a significant portion of those revenues will include expansion into new categories with premium household products, supported by increased levels of slotting, trade promotions and incremental marketing support and planned ongoing technology investment.  there can be no assurance that these measures will be successful.
despite challenging economic conditions and customer responses to these conditions, the company was able to grow market share in six of nine of its "power brands" in 2014, including in the laundry detergent category.  the company's global product portfolio consists of both premium (60% of total worldwide consumer revenue in 2014) and value (40% of total worldwide consumer revenue in 2014) brands, which it believes enables it to succeed in a range of economic environments.  the company's value brands have performed strongly during economic downturns, and the company intends to continue to develop a portfolio of appealing new products to build loyalty among cost-conscious consumers.
over the past 15 years, the company has diversified from an almost exclusively u.s. business to a global company with approximately 16% of sales derived from foreign countries in 2014.  the company has operations in six countries (canada, mexico, u.k., france, australia and brazil) and exports to over 90 other countries.  in 2014, the company benefited from its concentration in north america in light of the economic downturn in europe; however, the company has continued and will continue to focus on
selectively expanding its global business.  net sales generated outside of the united states are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations as well as political uncertainty which could impact future operating results.
the company also continues to focus on controlling its costs.  the company experienced continued high raw material and energy costs throughout 2014.  historically, the company has been able to mitigate the effects of cost increases primarily by implementing cost reduction programs and, to a lesser extent, by passing along some of these cost increases to customers.  the company has also entered into set pricing and pre-buying arrangements with certain suppliers and hedge agreements for diesel fuel.  the company expects by the second half of 2015 to benefit from macro trends, including an improving u.s. economy, lower commodity prices and productivity programs.
additionally, maintaining tight controls on overhead costs has been a hallmark of the company and has enabled it to effectively navigate recent challenging economic conditions.
the identification and integration of strategic acquisitions are an important component of the company's overall strategy.  acquisitions have added significantly to company sales and profits over the last decade.  however, the failure to effectively integrate any acquisition or achieve expected synergies may cause the company to incur material asset write-downs.  the company actively seeks acquisitions that fit its guidelines, and its strong financial position provides it with flexibility to take advantage of acquisition opportunities.  in addition, the company's ability to quickly integrate acquisitions and leverage existing infrastructure has enabled it to establish a strong track record in making accretive acquisitions.  since 2001, the company has acquired eight of its nine "power brands".
the company believes it is positioned to meet the ongoing challenges described above due to its strong financial condition, experience operating in challenging environments and continued focus on key strategic initiatives: maintaining competitive marketing and trade spending, managing its cost structure, continuing to develop and launch new and differentiated products, and pursuing strategic acquisitions.  this focus, together with the strength of the company's portfolio of premium and value brands, has enabled the company to succeed in a range of economic environments, and is expected to position the company to continue to increase stockholder value over the long-term.  moreover, the generation of a significant amount of cash from operations, as a result of net income and effective working capital management, combined with an investment grade credit rating provides the company with the financial flexibility to pursue acquisitions, drive new product development, make capital expenditures to support organic growth and gross margin improvements, return cash to stockholders through dividends and  share buy backs, and reduce outstanding debt, positioning it to continue to create stockholder value.
for information regarding risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect the company's business, results of operations and financial condition, see "risk factors" in item 1a of this annual report.
recent developments acquisitions lil' drug store brands acquisition on september 19, 2014, the company acquired certain feminine care brands, including rephresh and replens, from lil' drug store products, inc., (the "lil' drug store brands acquisition") for cash consideration of $215.7.  the company paid for the acquisition with additional debt.  the annual sales of the acquired brands are approximately $46.0.  these feminine care brands are managed within the consumer domestic and consumer international segments.
vi-cor acquisition on january 2, 2015, the company acquired certain assets of varied industries corporation (the "vi-cor acquisition"), a manufacturer and seller of feed ingredients for cows, beef cattle, poultry and other livestock.  the total purchase price was approximately $75, which is subject to adjustment based on the closing working capital of vi-cor, and a $5 payment after one year if certain operating performance is achieved. the company financed the acquisition with available cash. vi-cor's annual sales are approximately $25.  these brands will be managed within the specialty products segment.
dividend increase and share repurchase authorization on january 28, 2015 the board declared an 8% increase in the regular quarterly dividend from $0.31 to $0.335 per share, equivalent to an annual dividend of $1.34 per share payable to stockholders of record as of february 10, 2015.  the increase raises the annual dividend payout from $168 to approximately $177.
on january 28, 2015, the board authorized the 2015 share repurchase program which replaces the company's 2014 share repurchase program.  in 2014, the company purchased 6.9 million shares at an aggregate cost of approximately $479 of which $393 was purchased under the 2014 share repurchase program and $86 was purchased under the evergreen share repurchase program, under which the company may, from time to time, repurchase shares of common stock to reduce or eliminate dilution associated with issuances of common stock under the company's incentive plans.
as part of the evergreen share repurchase program, in early january 2015, the company purchased 0.5 million shares of common stock at a cost of approximately $41.2.  the company used cash on hand to fund the purchase price.
as part of the 2015 share repurchase program and the evergreen share repurchase program, in february 2015, the company entered into an accelerated share repurchase contract with a commercial bank to purchase $215 of the company's common stock.  the company paid $215 to the bank, inclusive of fees, and received an initial delivery of approximately 2.6 million shares.  the contract will be settled by mid-may 2015.  if the company is required to deliver value to the bank at the end of the purchase period, the company, at its option, may elect to settle in shares of common stock or cash.
of the 2015 share repurchases, approximately $88.0 was purchased under the company's evergreen share repurchase program.
critical accounting policies and estimates the company's consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. (gaap).  the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.  by their nature, these judgments are subject to uncertainty.  they are based on the company's historical experience, its observation of trends in industry, information provided by its customers and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate.  the company's significant accounting policies and estimates are described below.
revenue recognition and promotional and sales return reserves virtually all of the company's revenue represents sales of finished goods inventory and is recognized when received or picked up by the company's customers.  the reserves for consumer and trade promotion liabilities and sales returns are established based on the company's best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle future and existing claims on products sold as of the balance sheet date.  promotional reserves are provided for sales incentives, such as coupons to consumers, and sales incentives provided to customers (such as slotting, cooperative advertising, incentive discounts based on volume of sales and other arrangements made directly with customers).  all such costs are netted against sales.  slotting costs are recorded when the product is delivered to the customer.  cooperative advertising costs are recorded when the customer places the advertisement for the company's products.  discounts relating to price reduction arrangements are recorded when the related sale takes place.  costs associated with end-aisle or other in-store displays are recorded when product that is subject to the promotion is sold.  the company relies on historical experience and forecasted data to determine the required reserves.  for example, the company uses historical experience to project coupon redemption rates to determine reserve requirements.  based on the total face value of consumer domestic coupons redeemed over the past several years, if the actual rate of redemptions were to deviate by 0.1% from the rate for which reserves are accrued in the financial statements, an approximately $5.4 difference in the reserve required for coupons would result.  with regard to other promotional reserves and sales returns, the company uses experience-based estimates, customer and sales organization inputs and historical trend analysis in arriving at the reserves required.  if the company's estimates for promotional activities and sales returns were to change by 10% the impact to promotional spending and sales return accruals would be approximately $6.2.  while management believes that its promotional and sales returns reserves are reasonable and that appropriate judgments have been made, estimated amounts could differ materially from actual future obligations.  during the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, the company reduced promotion liabilities by approximately $6.7, $3.7 and $4.0, respectively, based on a change in estimate as a result of actual experience and updated information.  these adjustments are immaterial relative to the amount of trade promotion expense incurred annually by the company.
impairment of goodwill, trade names and other intangible assets and property, plant and equipment carrying values of goodwill, trade names and other indefinite lived intangible assets are reviewed periodically for possible impairment.  for finite intangible assets, the company assesses business triggering events.  the company's impairment analysis is based on a discounted cash flow approach that requires significant judgment with respect to unit volume, revenue and expense growth rates, and the selection of an appropriate discount rate.  management uses estimates based on expected trends in making these assumptions.  with respect to goodwill, impairment occurs when the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds the discounted present value of cash flows for that reporting unit.  for trade names and other intangible assets, an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between the carrying value and the net present value of estimated future cash flows, which represents the estimated fair value of the asset.  judgment is required in assessing whether assets may have become impaired between annual valuations.  indicators such as unexpected adverse economic factors, unanticipated technological change, distribution losses, or competitive activities and acts by governments and courts may indicate that an asset has become impaired.  the result of the company's annual goodwill impairment test determined that the estimated fair value substantially exceeded the carrying values of all reporting units.  in addition, there were no goodwill impairment charges for each of the years in the three-year period ended december 31, 2014.
the company recognized intangible asset impairment charges within sg&a for each of the years in the three-year period ended december 31, 2014 as follows:
the impairment charges recorded in 2014 and 2013 were a result of actual and projected reductions in sales and profitability as a result of increased competition.  the amount of the impairment charges was determined by comparing the estimated fair value of the assets to their carrying amount.  fair value was estimated based on a "relief from royalty" or "excess earnings" discounted cash flow method, which contains numerous variables that are subject to change as business conditions change, and therefore could impact fair values in the future.  the company determined that the fair value of all other intangible assets as of december 31, 2014 exceeded their respective carrying values based upon the forecasted cash flows and profitability.  in 2014, the results of the company's annual impairment test for indefinite lived trade names resulted in a personal care trade name whose fair value exceeded its carrying value by 11%.  this trade name is valued at approximately $37 and is considered an important asset to the company.  the company continues to monitor performance and should there be any significant change in forecasted assumptions or estimates, including sales, profitability and discount rate, the company may be required to recognize an impairment charge.
it is possible that the company's conclusions regarding impairment or recoverability of goodwill or other intangible assets could change in future periods if, for example, (i) the businesses or brands do not perform as projected, (ii) overall economic conditions in 2015 or future years vary from current assumptions (including changes in discount rates), (iii) business conditions or strategies change from current assumptions, (iv) investors require higher rates of return on equity investments in the marketplace or (v) enterprise values of comparable publicly traded companies, or actual sales transactions of comparable companies, were to decline, resulting in lower multiples of revenues and ebitda.  a future impairment charge for goodwill or intangible assets could have a material effect on the company's consolidated financial position or results of operations.
property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets are reviewed whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate possible impairment.  the company's impairment review is based on an undiscounted cash flow analysis at the lowest level at which cash flows of the long-lived assets are largely independent of other groups of company assets and liabilities.  the analysis requires management judgment with respect to changes in technology, the continued success of product lines, and future volume, revenue and expense growth rates.  the company conducts annual reviews to identify idle and underutilized equipment, and reviews business plans for possible impairment implications.  impairment occurs when the carrying value of the asset exceeds the future undiscounted cash flows.  when an impairment is indicated, the estimated future cash flows are then discounted to determine the estimated fair value of the asset and an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between the carrying value and fair value.
the company recognized charges related to plant impairment and equipment obsolescence, which occurs in the ordinary course of business for each of the years in the three-year period, ended december 31, 2014 as follows:
the impairment charges in 2014 and 2013, and the consumer domestic and spd impairment charges in 2012 are due to idling of equipment.  the 2012 consumer international charge is due to the cancelation of a software project.  the estimates and assumptions used in connection with impairment analyses are consistent with the business plans and estimates that the company uses to manage its business operations.  nevertheless, future outcomes may differ materially from management's estimates.  if the company's products fail to achieve estimated volume and pricing targets, market conditions unfavorably change or other significant estimates are not realized, then the company's revenue and cost forecasts may not be achieved, and the company may be required to recognize additional impairment charges.
inventory valuation when appropriate, the company writes down the carrying value of its inventory to the lower of cost or market (net realizable value, which reflects any costs to sell or dispose).  the company identifies any slow moving, obsolete or excess inventory to determine whether an adjustment is required to establish a new carrying value.  the determination of whether inventory items are slow moving, obsolete or in excess of needs requires estimates and assumptions about the future demand for the company's products, technological changes, and new product introductions.  in addition, the company's allowance for obsolescence may be impacted by the reduction of the number of stock keeping units (skus).  the company evaluates its inventory levels and expected usage on a periodic basis and records adjustments as required.  adjustments to inventory to reflect a reduction in net realizable value were $8.3 at december 31, 2014, and $10.1 at december 31, 2013.
valuation of pension and postretirement benefit costs the company's pension costs relate solely to its international operations.  both pension and postretirement benefit costs are developed from actuarial valuations.  inherent in benefit cost valuations are key assumptions provided by the company to its actuaries, including the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets.  material changes in the company's international pension and domestic/international postretirement benefit costs may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions as well as fluctuations in plan assets.
the discount rate is subject to change each year, consistent with changes in applicable high-quality, long-term corporate bond indices. based on the expected duration of the benefit payments for the company's pension plans and postretirement plans, the company refers to an applicable index and expected term of benefit payments to select a discount rate at which it believes the plan benefits could be effectively settled.  the company's weighted average discount rate for its international pension plans as of december 31, 2014 is 3.54% as compared to 4.48% used at december 31, 2013.  based on the published rate as of december 31, 2014 that matched estimated cash flows for the plans, the company used a weighted average discount rate of 3.77% for its postretirement plans as compared to 4.56% used at december 31, 2013.
the expected long-term rate of return on international pension plan assets is selected by taking into account the historical trend, the expected duration of the projected benefit obligation for the plans, the asset mix of the plans and known economic and market conditions at the time of valuation.  based on these factors, the company's weighted average expected long-term rate of return for assets of its pension plans for 2014 was 6.16%, compared to 5.45% used in 2013.  a 50 basis point change in the expected long-term rate of return would result in an approximate $0.5 change in pension expense for 2015.
as noted above, changes in assumptions used by management may result in material changes in the company's pension and postretirement benefit costs.  in 2014, other comprehensive income reflected a $1.3 increase in its remaining pension plan obligations and a $4.4 increase for postretirement benefit plans.  the changes are related to the change in discount rates for all plans and other actuarial assumptions.
the company made cash contributions of approximately $3.3 to its pension plans in 2014.  the company estimates it will be required to make cash contributions to its pension plans of approximately $2.4 in 2015 to offset 2015 benefit payments and administrative costs in excess of investment returns.
on december 31, 2014, the company terminated an international defined benefit pension plan under which approximately 280 participants, including approximately 100 active employees, have accrued benefits.  the company anticipates completing the termination of this plan by the end of the second quarter of 2015, once regulatory approvals are obtained.  to effect the termination, the company estimates, based on december 31, 2014 valuations, that the plan has sufficient assets to purchase annuities for retired participants and make certain deposits to the existing defined contribution plan of active employee participants.  the company estimates that it will incur a one-time non-cash expense of approximately $8 to $11 ($6 to $8 after tax) in 2015 when the plan settlement is completed.  this expense is primarily attributable to pension settlement accounting rules which require accelerated recognition of actuarial losses that were to be amortized over the expected benefit lives of participants.  the estimated expense is subject to change based on valuations at the actual date of settlement.
income taxes income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method.  deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized to reflect the future tax consequences attributable to the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.  deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which the differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  management provides a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets for amounts which are not considered "more likely than not" to be realized.  the company records liabilities for potential assessments in various tax jurisdictions under u.s. gaap guidelines.  the liabilities relate to tax return positions that, although supportable by the company, may be challenged by the tax authorities and do not meet the minimum recognition threshold required under applicable accounting guidance for the related tax benefit to be recognized in the income statement.  the company adjusts this liability as a result of changes in tax legislation, interpretations of laws by courts, rulings by tax authorities, changes in estimates and the expiration of the statute of limitations.  many of the judgments involved in adjusting the liability involve assumptions and estimates that are highly uncertain and subject to change.  in this regard, settlement of any issue, or an adverse determination in litigation, with a taxing authority could require the use of cash and result in an increase in the company's annual tax rate.  conversely, favorable resolution of an issue with a taxing authority would be recognized as a reduction to the company's annual tax rate.
new accounting pronouncements in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board issued new guidance that clarifies the principles for recognizing revenue. the new guidance provides that an entity should recognize revenue for the transfer of goods or services equal to the amount that it expects to receive for those goods or services. the new guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after december 15, 2016, and allows companies to apply the requirements retrospectively, either to all prior periods presented or through a cumulative adjustment in the year of adoption.  early adoption is not allowed.  the company is currently evaluating the impact, if any, that the adoption of the new guidance will have on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
there have been no other accounting pronouncements issued but not yet adopted by the company which are expected to have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012
the discussion of results of operations at the consolidated level presented below is followed by a more detailed discussion of results of operations by segment.  the discussion of the company's consolidated results of operations and segment operating results is presented on a historical basis for the years ending december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012.  the segment discussion also addresses certain product line information.  the company's operating units are consistent with its reportable segments.
net sales net sales for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $3,297.6, an increase of $103.3, or approximately 3.2% as compared to 2013 net sales.  the components of the net sales increase are as follows:
foreign exchange rate fluctuations                  (0.5   %)
(1)   on september 19, 2014, the company acquired certain feminine care brands from lil' drug store products inc. ("lil' drug store brands acquisition"). net sales of the brands acquired in the lil' drug store brands acquisition are included in the company's results since the date of acquisition.
all three segments reported volume increases. the unfavorable price/mix in the consumer domestic segment, primarily due to new product introductory costs and a higher level of trade and coupon promotion for existing products, was partially offset by favorable price/mix in spd.
gross profit the company's gross profit for 2014 was $1,452.9, a $14.9 increase as compared to the same period in 2013 due to the effect of higher sales volume, productivity improvement programs and the impact of the lil' drug store brands acquisition, partially offset by the costs associated with new product launches, higher commodity costs and currency fluctuations. gross margin was 44.1% in 2014 as compared to 45.0% in 2013.  gross margin was lower due to higher trade promotion, coupon, slotting, commodity costs and currency fluctuations, partially offset by the positive impact of productivity improvement programs.
operating costs marketing expenses for 2014 were $416.9, an increase of $17.1 as compared to 2013 due primarily to expenses in support of new product launches and increased expenses in certain other power brands.  marketing expenses as a percentage of net sales were 12.6% in 2014 as compared to 12.5% in 2013.
sg&a expenses for 2014 were $394.8, a decrease of $21.2 as compared to 2013 due primarily to lower compensation costs and employee benefit costs, lower legal costs, lower intangible asset impairment charges and lower cease use charges associated with the company's princeton, new jersey leased buildings, partially offset by higher intangible amortization expense, in part due to the lil' drug store brands acquisition.  additionally, in 2013 the company incurred costs related to the integration of the gummy dietary supplements business, which were not incurred in 2014.  sg&a as a percentage of net sales was 12.1% in 2014 as compared to 13.0% in 2013.
other income and expenses equity in earnings of affiliates for 2014 was $11.6 as compared to $2.8 in 2013.  the increase in earnings was due primarily to profit improvement from armand and a smaller loss at natronx.  also, in the second quarter of 2013, the company recorded an impairment charge associated with one of its affiliates.
interest expense in 2014 was $27.4, a decrease of $0.3 compared to 2013.
net sales net sales for the year ended december 31, 2013 were $3,194.3, an increase of $272.4 or approximately 9.3% as compared to 2012 net sales.  the components of the net sales increase are as follows:
foreign exchange rate fluctuations                                    (0.5   %)
sales in anticipation of information systems upgrade                   0.3    %
(1)   on october 1, 2012, the company acquired the l'il critters and vitafusion gummy dietary supplement business. net sales of these product lines are included in the company's results since the date of acquisition.
the volume change primarily reflects increased product sales in the consumer domestic and consumer international segments partially offset by lower spd sales.  lower price/mix in consumer domestic and spd was partially offset by favorable price/mix in consumer international.  sales in the first quarter of 2012 were negatively impacted due to a timing shift in customer orders from the first quarter of 2012 to the fourth quarter of 2011 in anticipation of the january 1, 2012 information systems upgrade in the u.s.
gross profit the company's gross profit for 2013 was $1,438.0, a $146.6 increase as compared to the same period in 2012 due primarily to contributions from its gummy dietary supplement business, higher sales volume and productivity improvement programs.  these increases were partially offset by higher trade promotion and an unfavorable product mix.  commodity costs for the company were unchanged in 2013 as compared to 2012.  gross margin was 45.0% in 2013 as compared to 44.2% in 2012.  gross margin was higher due to the positive impact of productivity improvement programs and higher sales volume, partially offset by higher trade promotion and coupon costs and unfavorable product mix.
operating costs marketing expenses for 2013 were $399.8, an increase of $42.5 as compared to 2012 due primarily to the gummy dietary supplement business, higher spending in support of certain power brands and new product launches.  marketing expenses as a percentage of net sales were 12.5% in 2013 as compared to 12.2% in 2012.
sg&a expenses for 2013 were $416.0, an increase of $27.0 as compared to 2012 due primarily to operating costs associated with the acquisition of the l'il critters and vitafusion gummy dietary supplement business, higher research and development and compensation costs and intangible asset impairment charges, partially offset by lower legal expenses.  sg&a as a percentage of net sales was 13.0% in 2013 as compared to 13.3% in 2012.
other income and expenses equity in earnings of affiliates for 2013 was $2.8 as compared to $8.9 in 2012.  the decrease is due primarily to an impairment charge recorded in the second quarter of 2013 associated with one of the company's affiliates and lower earnings from armand as a result of increased raw material costs.
interest expense in 2013 increased $13.7 compared to 2012 principally due to debt incurred to finance the acquisition of the l'il critters and vitafusion gummy dietary supplement business at the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2012 and interest associated with the financing lease obligation for the company's global headquarters that was fully occupied in january 2013.
taxation the 2013 tax rate was 34.0% as compared to 35.5% in 2012.  the effective tax rate for 2013 was favorably affected by a lower effective state tax rate and tax benefits relating to the federal research tax credit for 2013 and the retroactive extension of the federal research tax credit to january 2012 that occurred in the first quarter of 2013.  the 2012 tax rate reflects no federal research tax credit.
the company operates three reportable segments: consumer domestic, consumer international and spd.  these segments are determined based on differences in the nature of products and organizational and ownership structures.  the results of the lil drug store brands acquisition are reflected in the consumer domestic and consumer international segments.  the company also has a corporate segment.
consumer domestic        household and personal care products consumer international   primarily personal care products spd                      specialty chemical products the corporate segment income consists of equity in earnings (losses) of affiliates.  as of december 31, 2014, the company held 50% ownership interests in each of armand and armakleen, respectively, and a one-third ownership interest in natronx.  the company's equity in earnings (losses) of armand, armakleen and natronx for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 is included in the corporate segment.
some of the subsidiaries that are included in the consumer international segment manufacture and sell personal care products to the consumer domestic segment.  these sales are eliminated from the consumer international segment results set forth below.
segment net sales and income before income taxes for each of the three years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were as follows:
(3)   corporate segment consists of equity in earnings (losses) of affiliates from armand, armakleen and natronx.
product line revenues for external customers for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were as follows:
consumer domestic net sales in 2014 were $2,471.6, an increase of $58.1 or 2.4% compared to net sales of $2,413.5 in 2013.  the components of the net sales change are the following:
(1)associated with net sales of the brands acquired in the lil' drug store brands acquisition since the date of acquisition.
the increase in net sales includes the new product launches of arm & hammer clump & seal clumping cat litter and oxiclean liquid laundry detergent, and higher sales of oxiclean laundry additive products, trojan products, vitafusion gummy dietary supplements and orajel oral analgesics, partially offset by lower sales in xtra laundry detergent, l'il critter gummy dietary supplements and arm & hammer powder and unit dose laundry detergents.
since the 2012 introduction in the u.s. of unit dose laundry detergent by various manufacturers, including the company, there has been significant product and price competition in the laundry detergent category, contributing to an overall category decline.  during 2013, the category declined by 3.2%.  in 2014, the procter & gamble company, one of the company's major competitors and the market leader in laundry detergent, took several competitive actions, including launching a lower-priced line of laundry detergents that competes directly with the company's core value laundry detergents.  this, together with expected ongoing weak consumer spending and aggressive price competition by other laundry competitors that somewhat abated as of the end of december 2014, has negatively impacted the company's laundry detergent business.  over the last twelve months, the category declined 2.9%.  the company is vigorously combating these pressures through, among other things, significant new product introductions and increased marketing spending.  there is no assurance that the category will not decline further and that the company will be able to offset any such category decline.
consumer domestic income before income taxes for 2014 was $502.8, a $1.8 increase as compared to 2013.  the increase is due to higher sales volumes, manufacturing costs savings resulting from productivity improvement projects and lower sg&a costs, partially offset by the impact of introductory and higher trade promotion, coupon and marketing costs in support of new product launches and existing products, higher commodity costs and an intangible asset impairment charge.
consumer domestic net sales in 2013 were $2,413.5, an increase of $256.6 or 11.9% compared to net sales of $2,156.9 in 2012.  the components of the net sales change are the following:
sales in anticipation of information systems upgrade                   0.4    %
(1)   on october 1, 2012, the company acquired the l'il critters and vitafusion gummy dietary supplement business. net sales of these acquired product lines subsequent to the acquisition are included in the company's results.
the increase in net sales reflects sales from the gummy dietary supplement business and higher sales of arm & hammer liquid laundry detergent, oxiclean laundry additives, trojan products and first response diagnostic kits, partially offset by sales declines in arm & hammer powder laundry detergent, xtra liquid laundry detergent, spinbrush battery operated toothbrushes, and arm & hammer cat litter.  sales in the first quarter of 2012 were negatively impacted due to a timing shift in customer orders from the first quarter of 2012 to the fourth quarter of 2011 in anticipation of the january 1, 2012 information systems upgrade in the u.s.
consumer domestic income before income taxes for 2013 was $501.0, a $72.2 increase as compared to 2012.  the increase is due primarily to the contribution from the acquisition of the l'il critters and vitafusion gummy dietary supplement business (net of higher interest expense), the impact of higher sales volumes and lower manufacturing costs resulting from productivity improvement projects, partially offset by higher trade promotion and coupon costs, the effect of unfavorable product mix and higher marketing and sg&a expenses.
consumer international net sales in 2014 were $535.2, an increase of $2.4 or 0.5% as compared to 2013.  the components of the net sales change are the following:
foreign exchange rate fluctuations                  (2.7   %)
(1)   associated with net sales of the brands acquired in the lil' drug store brands acquisition since the date of acquisition.
consumer international income before income taxes was $64.7 in 2014, an increase of $0.2 compared to 2013 due primarily to higher volumes and prices offset by the effect of foreign exchange rate changes and higher trade promotion, commodity and marketing costs.
consumer international net sales in 2013 were $532.8, an increase of $22.7 or 4.5% as compared to 2012.  the components of the net sales change are the following:
foreign exchange rate fluctuations                  (2.3   %)
(1)   on october 1, 2012, the company acquired the l'il critters and vitafusion gummy dietary supplement business. net sales of these product lines subsequent to the acquisition are included in the consumer international results.
consumer international income before income taxes was $64.5 in 2013, a decrease of $6.5 compared to 2012 caused by unfavorable foreign exchange rates, a trade name impairment charge and marketing expenses, partially offset by the contribution from the acquisition of the l'il critters and vitafusion gummy dietary supplement business, higher sales volume and favorable price/mix.
spd net sales were $290.8 for 2014, an increase of $42.8, or 17.3% as compared to 2013.  the components of the net sales change are the following:
foreign exchange rate fluctuations                  (1.0   %)
the sales increase in 2014 reflects higher sales volume of animal nutrition products and performance products.  the animal nutrition business's strong performance is primarily related to the strength of the u.s. dairy industry, which has experienced all time high milk prices and low input commodity costs, prompting dairy producers to feed more animal nutrition products and produce higher volumes of milk per cow.
spd income before income taxes was $45.8 in 2014, an increase of $16.4 as compared to 2013.  the increase in income before income taxes for 2014 is due primarily to higher sales volume and sales prices and lower sg&a costs.
spd net sales were $248.0 for 2013, a decrease of $6.9, or 2.7% as compared to 2012.  the components of the net sales change are the following:
foreign exchange rate fluctuations                                    (1.3   %)
sales in anticipation of information systems upgrade                   0.4   %
the sales decrease in 2013 reflects reduced product sales of animal nutrition products, partially offset by higher bulk sales of sodium bicarbonate.  colder than normal weather during the second quarter of 2013 negatively impacted demand from the dairy industry.  in addition, the decrease in net sales of 2013 was offset by the adverse impact in the first quarter of 2012 of a timing shift in customer orders from the first quarter of 2012 to the fourth quarter of 2011 in anticipation of the january 1, 2012 information systems upgrade in the u.s.
spd income before income taxes was $29.5 in 2013, a decrease of $4.3 as compared to 2012.  the decrease in the income before income taxes for 2013 is due primarily to lower selling prices for animal nutrition products, partially offset by lower sg&a expenses.
corporate the corporate segment reflects the administrative costs of the production, planning and logistics functions which are included in sg&a expenses in the operating segments but are elements of cost of sales in the company's consolidated statements of income.  such amounts were $26.7, $31.3, and $29.4 for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
also included in corporate are equity in earnings (losses) of affiliates from armand, armakleen and natronx.  the increase in equity in earnings of affiliates in 2014 is primarily due to a $3.2 impairment charge associated with one of the company's affiliates in 2013 and profitability from armand.
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2014, the company had $423.0 in cash and cash equivalents, approximately $450 available through the revolving facility under its credit agreement and its commercial paper program, and a commitment increase feature under the credit agreement that enables the company to borrow up to an additional $500, subject to lending commitments of the participating lenders and certain conditions as described in the credit agreement.  to preserve its liquidity, the company invests its cash primarily in prime money market funds and short term bank deposits.
as of december 31, 2014, the amount of cash and cash equivalents included in the company's assets, that was held by foreign subsidiaries was approximately $245.3.  from an income tax perspective, the company has undistributed earnings from foreign subsidiaries of approximately $315.4, at december 31, 2014, for which u.s. deferred taxes have not been provided.  if these funds are needed for operations in the u.s., the company will be required to accrue and pay taxes in the u.s. to repatriate these funds.  the company's intent is to permanently reinvest these funds outside the u.s., and the company does not currently expect to repatriate them to fund operations in the u.s.  however, the company continues to monitor external events or circumstances and may change its intention to remit undistributed earnings if it can be achieved in a manner that results in a tax-neutral impact to the company.  external events or circumstances include movement in interest or currency exchange rates. for example, if the exchange rate between the euro/usd declined, the company would re-evaluate its intentions to remit earnings of approximately $200, which approximates $70 of cash and cash equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries.
on december 19, 2014, the company replaced its former $500 credit facility with a $600 unsecured revolving credit facility (as amended, the "credit agreement").  under the credit agreement, the company has the ability to increase its borrowing up to an additional $500, subject to lender commitments and certain conditions as described in the credit agreement.
the credit agreement supports the company's $500 commercial paper program (the "program").  total combined borrowing for both the credit agreement and the program may not exceed $600.  unless extended, the credit agreement will terminate and all amounts outstanding thereunder will be due and payable on december 19, 2019.
on december 9, 2014, the company closed an underwritten public offering of $300 aggregate principal amount of 2.45% senior notes due december 15, 2019 (the "2019 notes").  the 2019 notes were issued under the first supplemental indenture (the "first supplemental indenture"), dated december 9, 2014, to the indenture dated december 9, 2014 (the "base indenture"), between the company and wells fargo bank, n.a., as trustee.  interest on the 2019 notes is payable semi-annually, beginning june 15, 2015.  the 2019 notes will mature on december 15, 2019, unless earlier retired or redeemed pursuant to the terms of the first supplemental indenture.
on september 26, 2012, the company closed an underwritten public offering of $400 aggregate principal amount of 2.875% senior notes due 2022 (the "2022 notes").  the 2022 notes were issued under the second supplemental indenture, dated september 26, 2012 (the "bny mellon second supplemental indenture"), to the indenture dated december 15, 2010 (the "bny mellon base indenture") between the company and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a., as trustee.  interest on the 2022 notes is payable semi-annually, beginning april 1, 2013.  the 2022 notes will mature on october 1, 2022, unless earlier retired or redeemed pursuant to the terms of the bny mellon second supplemental indenture.  the company used $250 from commercial paper issuances, along with the $400 of 2022 notes and cash, to purchase the l'il critters and vitafusion gummy dietary supplement business on october 1, 2012.
on december 15, 2010, the company completed an underwritten public offering of $250 aggregate principal amount of 3.35% senior notes due 2015 (the "2015 notes").  the 2015 notes were issued under the bny mellon base indenture, and a first supplemental indenture, (the "bny mellon first supplemental indenture"), dated december 15, 2010, between the company and bny mellon, as trustee.  on december 30, 2010, the proceeds of the offering were utilized to retire the outstanding $250 principal amount of the company's 6% senior subordinated notes due 2012.  interest on the 2015 notes is payable on june 15 and december 15 of each year, beginning june 15, 2011.  the 2015 notes will mature on december 15, 2015, unless earlier retired or redeemed pursuant to the terms of the bny mellon first supplemental indenture.
the current economic environment presents risks that could have adverse consequences for the company's liquidity.  (see "unfavorable economic conditions could adversely affect demand for the company's products" under "risk factors" in item 1a of this annual report.)  the company does not anticipate that current economic conditions will adversely affect its ability to comply with the financial covenant in the credit agreement because the company currently is, and anticipates that it will continue to be, in compliance with the maximum leverage ratio requirement under the credit agreement.
on january 28, 2015, the board declared an 8% increase in the regular quarterly dividend from $0.31 to $0.335 per share, equivalent to an annual dividend of $1.34 per share as of february 10, 2015.  the decision raises the annual dividend payout from $168 to approximately $177.
on january 29, 2014, the board authorized the 2014 share repurchase program.  the 2014 share repurchase program replaced the company's share repurchase program announced on november 5, 2012.  in addition, the board authorized an evergreen share repurchase program, under which the company may repurchase, from time to time, common stock to reduce or eliminate dilution associated with issuances of common stock under the company's incentive plans.
in 2014, the company purchased 6.9 million shares of its common stock at an aggregate cost of approximately $479.  approximately $393 was purchased under the 2014 share repurchase program and $86 was purchased under the evergreen share repurchase program.
as part of the evergreen share repurchase program, in early january 2015, the company purchased 0.5 million shares of common stock at a cost of approximately $41.2.  the company used cash on hand to fund the purchase price.
as part of the 2015 share repurchase program and the evergreen share repurchase program, in early february 2015, the company entered into an accelerated share repurchase contract with a commercial bank to purchase $215 of common stock.  the company paid $215 to the bank and received an initial delivery of approximately 2.6 million shares of common stock. the contract will be settled by mid-may 2015.  if the company is required to deliver value to the commercial bank at the end of the purchase period, the company, at its option, may elect to settle in shares of common stock or cash.
of the 2015 share repurchases, approximately $88.0 was purchased under the company's evergreen share repurchase program.
the company anticipates that its cash from operations, together with its current borrowing capacity, will be sufficient to meet its capital expenditure program costs, which are expected to be approximately $70.0 in 2015, fund its share repurchase programs to the extent implemented by management and pay dividends at the latest approved rate.  cash, together with the company's current borrowing capacity, may be used for acquisitions that would complement the company's existing product lines or geographic markets.  the company did not have any mandatory fixed rate debt principal payments in 2014. in 2015, the company is required to pay $250.0 for the 2015 notes (net of discounts) when the notes mature on december 15, 2015.  the company expects to use cash generated from operations to retire the debt.
net debt the company had outstanding total debt of $1,095.2 and cash of $423.0 at december 31, 2014, resulting in net debt of $672.2 at december 31, 2014.  this compares to total debt of $803.3 and cash of $496.9, resulting in net debt of $306.4 at december 31, 2013.  net debt is defined as total debt, minus cash and cash equivalents.
net cash provided by operating activities                 $540.3                $499.6                   $523.6
net cash provided by operating activities - the company's net cash provided by operating activities in 2014 increased $40.7 to $540.3 as compared to 2013 due to higher net income and a slight increase in working capital.  net cash provided by operating activities in 2013 was negatively affected by the deferred payment of the fourth quarter 2012 federal tax obligation of $36.0 as allowed by the irs due to the impact of hurricane sandy.
net cash used in investing activities - net cash used in investing activities during 2014 was $288.4, principally reflecting the $215.7 paid for the lil' drug store brands acquisition and $70.5 of property, plant and equipment expenditures.
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities - net cash used in financing activities during 2014 was $306.6, primarily reflecting $478.8 of repurchases of common stock, $167.5 of cash dividend payments and $6.7 net repayments of short-term debt offset by an increase in long-term debt of $299.8 for the 2019 notes, and $51.2 of proceeds and tax benefits from stock option exercises.
net cash provided by operating activities - the company's net cash provided by operating activities in 2013 decreased $24.0 to $499.6 as compared to 2012.  the company was able to defer its fourth quarter 2012 federal tax payment of $36.0 to the first quarter of 2013 as allowed by the irs due to the impact of hurricane sandy, which accounted for the decrease in net cash provided by operating activities in 2013.  partially offsetting the decrease was a reduction in working capital (higher accounts payable and accrued expenses, partially offset by higher accounts receivable).
net cash used in investing activities - net cash used in investing activities during 2013 was $77.1, principally reflecting $67.1 of property, plant and equipment expenditures and a $6.4 investment in natronx.
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities - net cash used in financing activities during 2013 was $259.8, primarily reflecting $100.0 of repayments of commercial paper, $50.1 of repurchases of common stock and $155.2 of cash dividends, partially offset by $35.1 of proceeds and tax benefits from stock option exercises and the receipt of an incentive payment of $10.9 related to the financing lease for the company's new corporate headquarters.
financial covenant
"consolidated ebitda" (referred to below as "adjusted ebitda" and defined in the credit agreement that was revised in december 2014) is a component of the financial covenant contained in the credit agreement.  the financial covenant includes a leverage ratio (total debt to adjusted ebitda), which, if not met, could result in an event of default and trigger the early termination of the credit agreement.  adjusted ebitda may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other entities and should not be considered as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s.  the company's leverage ratio for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 was 1.5, which is below the maximum of 3.5 permitted under the credit agreement.
the reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities (the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure) to adjusted ebitda for 2014 is as follows:
net cash provided by operating activities         $540.3
excess tax benefit on stock options exercised            18.5
change in working capital and other liabilities         (13.5   )
commitments as of december 31, 2014
the table below summarizes the company's material contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2014.
debt obligations of foreign subsidiaries                3.4                 3.4                 0.0                 0.0                 0.0
other long-term liabilities letters of credit and performance bonds(2)              4.6                 4.6                 0.0                 0.0                 0.0
(2)   letters of credit with several banks guarantee payment for items such as insurance claims in the event of the company's insolvency. performance bonds are principally for required municipal property improvements.
(3)   pension contributions are based on actuarial assessments of government regulated employer funding requirements. these requirements are not projected beyond one year since they fluctuate with the change in plan assets, assumptions and demographics.
(4)   the company has outstanding purchase obligations with suppliers at the end of 2014 for raw, packaging and other materials and services in the normal course of business. these purchase obligation amounts represent only those items which are based on agreements that are enforceable and legally binding, and do not represent total anticipated purchases.
(5)   other includes payments for stadium naming rights for a period of 20 years until december 2032.
the company has excluded from the table above uncertain tax liabilities due to the uncertainty of the amount per period of payment.  the company's liabilities for uncertain income tax positions are $4.0 as of december 31, 2014.  (see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report).
off-balance sheet arrangements the company does not have off-balance sheet financing or unconsolidated special purpose entities.
other items market risk concentration of risk a group of three customers accounted for approximately 36%, 35% and 34% of consolidated net sales in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, of which a single customer, wal-mart, accounted for approximately 25%, 24% and 24% in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
interest rate risk the company had outstanding total debt at december 31, 2014, of $1,096.2, of which 87% has a fixed weighted average interest rate of 2.87% and the remaining 13% constituted principally commercial paper issued by the company that currently has a weighted average interest rate of less than 0.5%.  in december 2014, the company entered into interest rate swap agreements on an aggregate notional amount of $300 to convert the fixed interest rate on the 2019 notes to a variable interest rate.
diesel fuel hedges the company uses independent freight carriers to deliver its products.  these carriers currently charge the company a basic rate per mile for diesel fuel price increases.  during 2013 and 2014, the company entered into hedge agreements with financial counterparties to mitigate the volatility of diesel fuel prices, and not to speculate in the future price of diesel fuel.  under the hedge agreements, the company agreed to pay a fixed price per gallon of diesel fuel determined at the time the agreements were executed and to receive a floating rate payment that is determined on a monthly basis based on the average price of the department of energy's diesel fuel index during the applicable month and is designed to offset any increase or decrease in fuel costs that the company pays to it common carriers.  the agreements covered approximately 57% of the company's 2014 diesel fuel requirements and are expected to cover approximately 63% and 16% of the company's estimated diesel fuel requirements for 2015 and 2016, respectively.  these diesel fuel hedge agreements qualify for hedge accounting.  therefore, changes in the fair value of such agreements are recorded under accumulated other comprehensive income on the balance sheet.
foreign currency the company is subject to exposure from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily u.s. dollar/euro, u.s. dollar/british pound, u.s. dollar/canadian dollar, u.s. dollar/mexican peso, u.s. dollar/australian dollar, u.s. dollar/brazilian real and u.s. dollar/chinese yuan.
the company, from time to time, enters into forward exchange contracts to reduce the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations related to anticipated but not yet committed intercompany sales or purchases denominated in the u.s. dollar, canadian dollar, british pound and euro.  the company entered into forward exchange contracts to protect it from the risk that, due to changes in currency exchange rates, it would be adversely affected by net cash outflows.  the face value of the unexpired contracts as of december 31, 2014 totaled $53.3.  the contracts qualified as foreign currency cash flow hedges, and, therefore, changes in the fair value of the contracts were recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified to earnings when the hedged transaction affected earnings.
equity derivatives the company has entered into equity derivative contracts covering its own stock in order to minimize its liability, resulting from changes in quoted fair values of company stock, to participants in its executive deferred compensation plan who have investments under that plan in a notional company stock fund.  the contracts are typically settled in cash.  since the equity derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting, the company is required to mark the agreements to market throughout the life of the agreements and record changes in fair value in the consolidated statement of income.