the results of our individual businesses, which we report on a continuing operations basis, reflect the manner in which management evaluates performance and makes decisions about funding our operations and allocating resources. we may periodically change our business segments or reclassify business segment results based on modifications to our management reporting methodologies and changes in organizational alignment. our business segment results are intended to reflect each segment as if it were a stand-alone business. we use an internal management and reporting process to derive our business segment results. our internal management and reporting process employs various allocation methodologies, including funds transfer pricing, to assign certain balance sheet assets, deposits and other liabilities and their related revenue and expenses directly or indirectly attributable to each business segment. total interest income and net fees are directly attributable to the segment in which they are reported. the net interest income of each segment reflects the results of our funds transfer pricing process, which is primarily based on a matched maturity method that takes into consideration market rates. our funds transfer pricing process provides a funds credit for sources
•   auto: we originate both prime and subprime auto loans. customers are acquired through a network of auto dealers and direct marketing. our auto loans generally have fixed interest rates and loan terms of 72 months or less. loan size limits are customized by program and are generally less than $75,000. similar to credit card accounts, the underwriting criteria are customized for individual products and marketing programs and based on analysis of net present value of expected revenues, expenses and losses, subject to maintaining resilience under a variety of stress conditions. underwriting decisions are generally based on an applicant's income, estimated debt-to-income ratio, and credit bureau information, along with collateral characteristics such as loan-to-value ("ltv") ratio. we generally retain all of our auto loans, though we have securitized and sold auto loans in the past and may do so in the future.