item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations please read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included under item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
trends in our business the following trends have contributed to the results of our operations, and we anticipate that they will continue to impact our future results:
•user behaviors and advertising continue to shift online as the digital economy evolves.
the continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since our inception, resulting in increasing revenues, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business.
•users are increasingly using multiple devices to access our products and services, and our advertising revenues are increasingly coming from mobile phones and other new formats.
our users are accessing the internet via multiple devices. mobile computing power continues to grow and users want to feel connected no matter where they are or what they are doing. we seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business.
in this multi-device world, we generate our advertising revenues increasingly from mobile phones and newer advertising formats, and the margins from the advertising revenues from these sources have generally been lower than those from desktop computers and tablets. our traffic acquisition cost (tac) may also be impacted because the rates at which we share mobile revenues with our partners may not be as favorable to us as those with our traditional desktop and tablet formats. we expect both of these trends to continue to pressure our overall margins, particularly if we fail to realize the opportunities presented during the transition to a dynamic multi-screen environment.
•as users in developing economies increasingly come online, we generate more and more revenues from international markets.
the shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the u.s., especially in emerging markets, and we continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. this has led to increased revenues from international markets over time and we expect that our results will continue to be impacted by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available.
our international revenues have gone from 55% of total revenues in 2013 to 57% in 2014. as a result, we are increasingly subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the u.s. dollar. while we have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings.
•as we seek to provide our users with products and services in a multi-screen environment, the portion of our revenues that we derive from non-advertising revenues is increasing.
non-advertising revenues have gone from 9% of total revenues in 2013 to 11% in 2014. we expect this trend to continue as we focus on expanding our offerings to our users through products like google play, google for work, and nexus devices. we derive other revenues primarily from sales of digital content products, hardware sales, and licensing. the margins on these non-advertising businesses vary significantly and may be lower than the margins on our advertising business.
•as we continue to look for new ways to serve our users, we will invest heavily in r&d and our capital expenditures will continue to fluctuate.
we continue to make significant research and development (r&d) investments in areas of strategic focus, such as search and advertising, as well as in new products and services. the amount of our capital expenditures has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate in the long term as we invest heavily in our systems, data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure.
in addition, acquisitions remain an important part of our strategy and use of capital, and we expect to continue to spend cash on acquisitions and other investments. these acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth of our offerings, as well as expanding our expertise in engineering and other functional areas.
•our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them.
our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. their energy and talent drive google and create our success. we expect to continue hiring talented employees and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. as of december 31, 2014, we had 53,600 full-time employees: 20,832 in research and development, 17,621 in sales and marketing, 7,510 in general and administrative, and 7,637 in operations, an increase of 9,738 total headcount from december 31, 2013.
executive overview of results here are our key financial results for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2014:
•   revenues from the united states, the united kingdom, and rest of world were, $28.1 billion, $6.5 billion, and $31.4 billion, respectively.
•   cost of revenues was $25.7 billion, consisting of traffic acquisition costs of $13.5 billion and other cost of revenues of $12.2 billion. our traffic acquisition costs as a percentage of advertising revenues was 22.9%.
•   operating expenses (excluding cost of revenues) were $23.8 billion, primarily driven by labor and facilities-related costs for our research and development and sales and marketing functions, advertising and promotional expenses, and stock-based compensation expense.
•   net income was $14.4 billion with diluted earnings per share of $21.02.
•   operating cash flow was $22.4 billion.
•   capital expenditures were $11.0 billion.
results of operations the following table presents our operating results as a percentage of revenues for the periods presented:
consolidated statements of income data:
cost of revenues                                         37.3             39.6           38.9
research and development                                 13.2             12.9           14.9
sales and marketing                                      11.9             11.8           12.3
motorola on may 22, 2012, we acquired motorola mobility holdings, inc. (motorola), consisting of the motorola home and motorola mobile businesses. on april 17, 2013, we sold the motorola home business to arris group, inc. (arris). the financial results of motorola home were included in net income (loss) from discontinued operations on the consolidated statements of income for the years ended december 31, 2012 and 2013. on october 29, 2014 we sold the motorola
mobile business to lenovo group limited (lenovo). the financial results of motorola mobile are presented as net income (loss) from discontinued operations on the consolidated statements of income for the years ended december 31, 2012, 2013, and 2014.
(1) our revenues from google network members' websites include revenues generated primarily through advertising programs including adsense for search, adsense for content, adexchange, admob, and doubleclick bid manager.
the following table presents our revenues, by revenue source, as a percentage of revenues for the periods presented:
google websites as % of advertising revenues                     71.5   %       74.0    %      76.3    %
google network members' websites as % of advertising revenues    28.5   %       26.0    %      23.7    %
advertising revenues and monetization metrics our advertising revenues increased $8,509 million from 2013 to 2014 primarily from an increase in advertising revenues generated by both google websites and google network members' websites. our advertising revenues growth was driven primarily by an increase in the number of aggregate paid clicks through our advertising programs of 20% from 2013 to 2014. the increase in the number of paid clicks generated through our advertising programs was due to certain monetization improvements including new and richer ad formats, an increase in aggregate traffic across all platforms, the continued global expansion of our products, advertisers, and user base, and an increase in the number of google network members, partially offset by certain advertising policy changes. the positive impact of our revenues from paid clicks was partially offset by a decrease in the average cost-per-click paid by our advertisers of 5% from 2013 to 2014. the decrease was due to various factors, such as the geographic mix, device mix, property mix, ongoing product and policy changes, and the general strengthening of the u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
our advertising revenues increased $6,861 million from 2012 to 2013. this increase resulted primarily from an increase in advertising revenues generated by google websites, and to a lesser extent, an increase in advertising revenues generated by google network members' websites. the increase in advertising revenues for google websites and google network members' websites resulted primarily from an increase in the number of paid clicks through our advertising programs, as paid clicks on google websites and google network members' websites increased approximately 25% from 2012 to 2013. the increase in the number of paid clicks generated through our advertising programs was due to certain monetization improvements including new and richer ad formats, an increase in aggregate traffic across all platforms, the continued global expansion of our products, advertisers, and user base, as well as an increase in the number of google network members, partially offset by certain advertising policy changes. this revenue
increase was partially offset by a decrease in the average cost-per-click paid by our advertisers. average cost-per-click on google websites and google network members' websites decreased approximately 8% from 2012 to 2013. the decrease in the average cost-per-click paid by our advertisers was driven by various factors, such as the geographic mix, device mix, property mix, ongoing product and policy changes, and the general strengthening of the u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
our revenue growth rate has generally declined over time as a result of a number of factors, including increasing competition, query growth rates, challenges in maintaining our growth rate as our revenues increase to higher levels, the evolution of the online advertising market, our investments in new business strategies, changes in our product mix, and shifts in the geographic mix of our revenues. we also expect that our revenue growth rate will continue to be affected by evolving user preferences, advertising trends, the acceptance by users of our products and services as they are delivered on diverse devices, and our ability to create a seamless experience for both users and advertisers.
the following table presents the changes in our paid clicks and cost-per-click for the periods presented (in percentage terms):
change from 2012 to 2013                                                                                                                           change from 2013 to 2014
(1) paid clicks on google websites include clicks related to ads served on google owned and operated properties across different geographies and devices, including search, youtube engagement ads like trueview, and other owned and operated properties including maps and finance.
(2) paid clicks on google network members' websites include clicks related to ads served on non-google properties participating in our adsense for search, adsense for content, and admob businesses.
the rate of change in revenues, as well as the rate of change in paid clicks and average cost-per-click on google websites and google network members' websites and their correlation with the rate of change in revenues, has fluctuated and may fluctuate in the future because of various factors, including:
•   growth rates of our revenues from google websites compared to those of our revenues from google network members' websites;
•   changes in foreign currency exchange rates;
•   changes in advertising quality or formats;
•   traffic growth in emerging markets compared to more mature markets and across various advertising verticals and channels;
•   a shift in the proportion of non-click based revenue generated in google websites and google network members' websites; and
•   general economic conditions.
changes in aggregate paid clicks and average cost-per-click on google websites and google network members' websites may not reflect our performance or advertiser experiences in any specific geographic market, vertical, or industry.
other revenues other revenues increased $1,973 million from 2013 to 2014 and also increased as a percentage of total revenues. the increase was primarily due to growth of our sales of digital content products, such as apps, music, and movies on the google play store.
other revenues increased $2,619 million from 2012 to 2013 and also increased as a percentage of revenues. the increase was primarily due to growth of our digital content products, such as apps, music, and movies. we also
experienced an increase in our hardware revenues due to increased sales of chromecast, directly-sold nexus products, and chrome os devices.
revenues by geography the following table presents our domestic and international revenues as a percentage of revenues, determined based on the billing addresses of our customers:
rest of the world   43   %         45    %        47    %
the growth in revenues from rest of the world as a percentage of revenues from 2012 to 2013 and from 2013 to 2014 resulted largely from increased acceptance of our advertising programs and our continued progress in developing localized versions of our products for international markets, partially offset in 2014 by the general strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies.
foreign exchange impact on revenues our international revenues are favorably impacted as the u.s. dollar weakens relative to other foreign currencies, and unfavorably impacted as the u.s dollar strengthens relative to other foreign currencies. for the purposes of determining the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on our revenues, we take the u.s. dollar equivalent of foreign currency-denominated revenues of a particular period translated at the current period exchange rates minus the same revenues translated at corresponding prior year rates.
we use foreign currency options to hedge certain foreign exchange impacts on our forecasted earnings. to the extent these derivatives are effective in managing our foreign exchange risk, we will reflect the hedge benefit in revenues in the period the hedged revenues are recorded. we pay a premium reflecting the time value of the option on the date of purchase. the changes in the time value of the option are reflected in interest and other income, net, over the life of the option, in the period incurred.
the following table presents our foreign exchange impact on revenues for the periods presented:
foreign exchange impact on current year revenues using corresponding prior year exchange rates -- (revenues would be higher)/revenues would be lower         (68    )              (67    )              303
rest of the world revenues                                                                                                                               $19,906               $25,167               $31,379
foreign exchange impact on current year revenues using corresponding prior year exchange rates -- (revenues would be higher)/revenues would be lower      (1,099    )             (536    )             (858    )
in 2014, our revenues from the united kingdom were favorably impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates over the prior year, primarily as the u.s. dollar weakened relative to certain currencies, most notably the british pound. our revenues from the rest of the world (excluding the united kingdom) were unfavorably impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates over the prior year, as the u.s. dollar strengthened relative to certain currencies, most notably the japanese yen and the australian dollar, and partially offset by the favorable impact of the u.s. dollar weakening against certain currencies, most notably the euro.
in 2013, our revenues from the united kingdom were unfavorably impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates over the prior year, primarily as the u.s dollar strengthened relative to certain currencies, most notably the british pound. our revenues from the rest of the world (excluding the united kingdom) were unfavorably impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates over the prior year, as the u.s. dollar strengthened relative to certain currencies, most notably the japanese yen and the brazilian real, and partially offset by the favorable impact of the u.s. dollar weakening relative to certain currencies, including the euro.
costs and expenses cost of revenues cost of revenues consists of traffic acquisition costs which are the advertising revenues shared with our google network members and the amounts paid to our distribution partners who distribute our browser or otherwise direct search queries to our website.
additionally, other cost of revenues (which is the cost of revenues minus traffic acquisition costs) includes the following:
•   content acquisition costs primarily related to payments to certain content providers from whom we license their video and other content for distribution on youtube and google play (we share most of the fees these sales generate with content providers or pay a fixed fee to these content providers);
•   the expenses associated with the operation of our data centers (including depreciation, labor, energy, and bandwidth costs);
•   credit card and other transaction fees related to processing customer transactions; and
•   amortization of certain intangible assets.
the following tables present our cost of revenues and cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues, and our traffic acquisition costs and traffic acquisition costs as a percentage of advertising revenues, for the periods presented (dollars in millions):
other cost of revenues                            $6,220                $9,735               $12,194
total cost of revenues                           $17,176               $21,993               $25,691
cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues        37.3    %             39.6    %             38.9    %
traffic acquisition costs as a percentage of advertising revenues        25.1    %             24.2    %             22.9    %
the cost of revenues that we incur related to revenues generated from ads placed through our adsense program on the websites of our google network members, which is the network of third parties that use our advertising programs to deliver relevant ads with their search results and content, are significantly higher than the costs of revenues we incur related to revenues generated from ads placed on google websites because most of the advertiser fees from ads served on google network members' websites are shared with our google network members. for the past five years, growth in advertising revenues from google websites has generally exceeded that from our google network members' websites. this had a positive impact on our income from operations during this period.
cost of revenues increased $3,698 million from 2013 to 2014. the increase was partially due to increases in traffic acquisition costs of $1,239 million resulting from more distribution fees paid for additional traffic directed to google websites, as well as more advertiser fees paid to google network members, driven primarily by an increase in advertising revenues. the remaining increase was primarily driven by an increase in data center costs, content acquisition costs as a result of increased usage activities related to youtube and digital content by our users, and revenue share payments to mobile carriers and original equipment manufacturers (oems). in addition, the increase was also driven by an impairment charge related to a patent licensing royalty asset acquired in connection with the motorola acquisition. the decrease in traffic acquisition costs as a percentage of advertising revenues was primarily a result of a shift of mix between google website revenue and google network members' websites revenue.
cost of revenues increased $4,817 million from 2012 to 2013. the increase was due to increases in traffic acquisition costs of $1,302 million resulting from more distribution fees paid, more fees paid for additional traffic directed to google websites, as well as more advertiser fees generated through our adsense program. the remaining increase
was primarily driven by an increase in data center costs, hardware inventory costs as a result of increased hardware sales, content acquisition costs as a result of increased activities related to youtube and digital content, and revenue share payments to mobile carriers and original equipment manufacturers (oems). the decrease in traffic acquisition costs as a percentage of advertising revenues was primarily as a result of a shift of mix between google website revenue and google network members' websites revenue.
we expect cost of revenues will increase in dollar amount and may increase as a percentage of total revenues in 2015 and future periods, based on a number of factors, including the following:
•   the relative growth rates of revenues from google websites and from our google network members' websites;
•   the growth rates of expenses associated with our data center operations, as well as our hardware inventory costs;
•   increased proportion of other non-advertising revenues as part of our total revenues;
•   whether we are able to continue to improve the monetization of traffic on google websites and our google network members' websites; and
•   the relative growth rates of expenses associated with distribution arrangements and the related revenues generated.
research and development the following table presents our r&d expenses, and those expenses as a percentage of revenues, for the periods presented (dollars in millions):
research and development expenses                                  $6,083                $7,137                $9,832
research and development expenses as a percentage of revenues        13.2    %             12.9    %             14.9    %
r&d expenses consist primarily of:
•   labor and facilities-related costs for employees responsible for r&amp;d in our existing businesses as well as new products and services;
r&d expenses increased $2,695 million and increased as a percentage of revenues from 2013 to 2014. the increase was primarily due to an increase in labor and facilities-related costs of $1,289 million and an increase in stock-based compensation expense of $559 million, both largely as a result of a 27% increase in r&d headcount. in addition, there was an increase in depreciation and equipment-related expenses of $425 million and an increase in professional services of $371 million due to additional expenses incurred for consulting and outsourced services. r&d expenses increased as a percentage of revenues primarily due to a higher increase in labor and facilities-related costs relative to the increase in revenues.
r&d expenses increased $1,054 million from 2012 to 2013 and as a percentage of revenues remained relatively flat from 2012 to 2013. the increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in labor and facilities-related costs of $596 million and an increase in stock-based compensation expense of $367 million, both largely as a result of an 18% increase in r&d headcount.
we expect that r&d expenses will increase in dollar amount and may increase as a percentage of revenues in 2015 and future periods.
sales and marketing the following table presents our sales and marketing expenses, and those expenses as a percentage of revenues, for the periods presented (dollars in millions):
sales and marketing expenses                                  $5,465                $6,554                $8,131
sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues        11.9    %             11.8    %             12.3    %
sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of:
•   labor and facilities-related costs for our personnel engaged in sales and marketing, sales support, and certain customer service functions;
•   advertising and promotional expenditures related to our products and services; and
•   stock-based compensation expense for our employees engaged in sales, sales support, and certain customer service functions.
sales and marketing expenses increased $1,577 million and increased slightly as a percentage of revenues from 2013 to 2014. the increase was primarily due to an increase in advertising and promotional expenses of $614 million. in addition, there was an increase in labor and facilities-related costs of $571 million and an increase in stock-based compensation expense of $163 million, both largely resulting from a 15% increase in sales and marketing headcount. sales and marketing expenses increased slightly as a percentage of revenues primarily due to an increase in advertising and promotional expenses relative to the increase in revenues.
sales and marketing expenses increased $1,089 million from 2012 to 2013 and as a percentage of revenues remained flat from 2012 to 2013. the increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in advertising and promotional expenses of $674 million, as well as an increase in labor and facilities-related costs of $233 million and an increase in stock-based compensation expense of $103 million, both largely resulting from a 13% increase in sales and marketing headcount.
we expect that sales and marketing expenses will increase in dollar amount and may increase as a percentage of revenues in 2015 and future periods.
general and administrative the following table presents our general and administrative expenses, and those expenses as a percentage of revenues, for the periods presented (dollars in millions):
general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues         7.6    %              8.0    %              8.9    %
general and administrative expenses consist primarily of:
•   labor and facilities-related costs for personnel in our facilities, finance, human resources, information technology, and legal organizations;
•   professional services fees primarily related to outside legal, audit, information technology consulting, and outsourcing services;
•   amortization of certain intangible assets; and
general and administrative expenses increased $1,419 million and also increased as a percentage of revenues from 2013 to 2014. the increase was primarily due to an increase in labor and facilities-related costs of $576 million and an increase in stock-based compensation expense of $260 million, both largely resulting from a 24% increase in general and administrative headcount. in addition, there was an increase in professional services related expense of $314 million due to higher legal-related costs, as well as additional consulting and outsourced services. general and administrative expenses increased as a percentage of revenues primarily due to an increase in labor and facilities-related costs and stock-based compensation expense relative to the increase in revenues.
general and administrative expenses increased $951 million from 2012 to 2013 and as a percentage of revenues remained relatively flat from 2012 to 2013. the increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in labor and
facilities-related costs of $396 million, largely resulting from a 15% increase in general and administrative headcount, an increase in depreciation and equipment-related expense of $222 million, as well as an increase in amortization of acquired intangible assets of $157 million.
we expect general and administrative expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in 2015 and in future periods.
stock-based compensation the following table presents our aggregate stock-based compensation expense, and stock-based compensation as a percentage of revenues, as reflected in our consolidated results from continuing operations for the periods presented (dollars in millions):
stock-based compensation as a percentage of revenues         5.4    %              5.6    %                  6.3%
stock-based compensation increased $1,048 million from 2013 to 2014 and increased slightly as a percentage of revenues. these increases were primarily due to an increased headcount to support our growing business. in addition, we granted additional stock awards to our employees throughout 2014.
stock-based compensation increased $654 million from 2012 to 2013 and as a percentage of consolidated revenues remained flat from 2012 to 2013. this increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in headcount to support our growing business.
we estimate stock-based compensation expense to be approximately $4.3 billion in 2015 and $5.5 billion thereafter related to stock awards outstanding as of december 31, 2014. this estimate does not include expenses to be recognized related to stock-based awards granted after december 31, 2014. if forfeiture rates are different from what we have anticipated, stock-based compensation related to these awards will be different from our expectations.
interest and other income, net as a percentage of revenues       1.4    %            0.9    %                1.2%
interest and other income, net, increased $267 million from 2013 to 2014. this increase was primarily driven by realized gains on non-marketable equity investments of $159 million and previously-held equity interests of $126 million, as well as a loss recognized on divestiture of businesses (other than motorola home) in 2013. these increases were partially offset by an increase in foreign currency exchange loss of $23 million and a decrease in interest income of $20 million.
interest and other income, net, decreased $139 million from 2012 to 2013. this decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in the gain on divestiture of businesses (other than motorola home) of $245 million and a decrease in the realized gain on investments of $124 million, partially offset by a decrease in foreign currency exchange loss of $135 million and an increase in interest income of $66 million.
the costs of our foreign exchange hedging activities recognized to interest and other income, net, are primarily a function of the notional amount of the option and forward contracts and their related duration, the movement of the foreign exchange rates relative to the strike prices of the contracts, and the volatility of foreign exchange rates.
as we expand our international business, we believe costs related to hedging activities under our foreign exchange risk management program may increase in 2015 and future periods.
our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate increased from 2013 to 2014, largely due to proportionately more earnings realized in countries that have higher statutory tax rates and more benefit recognized in 2013 relative to 2014 due to the retroactive extension of the 2012 federal research and development credit, offset by a benefit taken on a valuation allowance release related to a capital loss carryforward in 2014.
our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate decreased from 2012 to 2013, primarily as a result of proportionately more earnings realized in countries that have lower statutory tax rates, as well as the federal research and development credit related to the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 which was applied in the first quarter of 2013.
a reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate to our effective tax rate is set forth in note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries that have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries that have higher statutory rates, the net gains and losses recognized by legal entities on certain hedges and related hedged intercompany and other transactions under our foreign exchange risk management program, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items.
we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the internal revenue service (irs) and other domestic and foreign tax authorities. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. we continue to monitor the progress of ongoing discussions with tax authorities and the impact, if any, of the expected expiration of the statute of limitations in various taxing jurisdictions. further information on these issues, the treatment of undistributed foreign earnings and a reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate to our effective tax rate can be found in notes 10 and 14 of part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
see critical accounting policies and estimates below for additional information about our provision for income taxes.
net income (loss) from discontinued operations motorola mobile on october 29, 2014, we closed the sale of the motorola mobile business to lenovo for a total purchase price of approximately $2.9 billion (subject to certain adjustments), including $1.4 billion paid at close, comprised of $660 million in cash and $750 million in lenovo ordinary shares. the remaining $1.5 billion was paid in the form of an interest-free, three-year prepayable promissory note.
we maintain ownership of the vast majority of the motorola mobile patent portfolio, including pre-closing patent applications and invention disclosures, which we licensed to motorola mobile for its continued operations. additionally, in connection with the sale, we agreed to indemnify lenovo for certain potential liabilities of the motorola mobile business, for which we recorded a liability of $130 million as of december 31, 2014.
the sale resulted in a gain of $740 million, net of tax, which was presented as part of net income from discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of income for the year ended december 31, 2014. incremental to this net gain, we recognized an additional income of $254 million, net of tax, in connection with certain ip licensing arrangements between the parties, included as part of net income from discontinued operations on the consolidated statements of income for the year ended december 31, 2014.
the financial results of motorola mobile through the date of divestiture are presented as net income (loss) from discontinued operations on the consolidated statements of income. the following table presents financial results of the motorola mobile business included in net income (loss) from discontinued operations for the years ended december 31, 2012, 2013, and 2014 (in millions):
benefits from/(provision for) income taxes                    318                   270                   (47    )
(1) the operating results of motorola mobile were included in our consolidated statements of income from january 1, 2014 through october 29, 2014, the date of divestiture.
motorola home on april 17, 2013, we sold the motorola home business to arris.
the financial results of motorola home through the date of divestiture are presented as net income (loss) from discontinued operations on the consolidated statement of income. the following table presents financial results of the motorola home business included in net income (loss) from discontinued operations for the years ended december 31, 2012 and 2013 (in millions):
(provision for)/benefits from income taxes                    (29     )                16
(1) the operating results of motorola home were included in our consolidated statements of income from january 1, 2013 through april 17, 2013, the date of divestiture.
quarterly results of operations the following tables presenting our quarterly results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. we have prepared the unaudited information on the same basis as our audited consolidated financial statements. our operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future quarters or for a full year. please note that previously reported quarters have been adjusted to show discontinued operations for the sale of the motorola mobile and motorola home businesses. in addition, per share amounts for the previously reported quarters below have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split. please see note 1 and note 12 of part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information on the stock split.
the following table presents our unaudited quarterly results of operations for the eight quarters ended december 31, 2014. this table includes all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, that we consider necessary for fair presentation of our consolidated financial position and operating results for the quarters presented. both seasonal fluctuations in internet usage and traditional retail seasonality have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our business. internet usage generally slows during the summer months, and commercial queries typically increase significantly in the fourth quarter of each year. these seasonal trends have caused and will likely continue to cause, fluctuations in our quarterly results, including fluctuations in sequential revenue growth rates.
consolidated statements of income data:
cost of revenues                                            5,136                 5,195                 5,409                 6,253                 5,961                 6,114                 6,695                 6,921
research and development                                    1,617                 1,766                 1,821                 1,933                 2,126                 2,238                 2,655                 2,813
sales and marketing                                         1,435                 1,583                 1,628                 1,908                 1,729                 1,941                 2,084                 2,377
the following table presents our unaudited quarterly results of operations as a percentage of revenues for the eight quarters ended december 31, 2014:
cost of revenues                                         39.7             39.6              39.3              39.8              38.7              38.3              40.5             38.2
research and development                                 12.5             13.5              13.2              12.3              13.8              14.0              16.1             15.5
sales and marketing                                      11.1             12.1              11.8              12.1              11.2              12.2              12.6             13.1
capital resources and liquidity capital resources as of december 31, 2014, we had $64.4 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. cash equivalents and marketable securities are comprised of time deposits, money market and other funds, including cash collateral received related to our securities lending program, fixed-income bond funds, highly liquid debt instruments of the u.s. government and its agencies, debt instruments issued by foreign governments, debt instruments issued by municipalities in the u.s., corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities. from time to time, we may hold marketable equity securities obtained through acquisitions or strategic investments in private companies that subsequently go public, which we generally dispose of when restrictions are lifted.
as of december 31, 2014, $38.7 billion of the $64.4 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities was held by our foreign subsidiaries. if these funds were needed for our operations in the u.s., we would be required to accrue and pay u.s. taxes to repatriate these funds. however, our intent is to permanently reinvest these funds outside of the u.s. and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund our u.s. operations.
our principal sources of liquidity are our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, as well as the cash flow that we generate from our operations. as of december 31, 2014, we had unused letters of credit of approximately $842 million. we believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements through at least the next 12 months. our liquidity could be negatively affected by a decrease in demand for our products and services. in addition, we may make acquisitions, increase our capital expenditures, or license products and technologies complementary to our business and may need to raise additional capital through future debt or equity financing to provide for greater flexibility to fund these activities. additional financing may not be available or on terms favorable to us.
we have a debt financing program of up to $3.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. as of december 31, 2014, we had $2.0 billion of commercial paper outstanding recorded as short-term debt, with a weighted-average interest rate of 0.1% that matures at various dates through april 2015. average commercial paper borrowings during the year were $2.1 billion and the maximum amount outstanding during the year was $2.4 billion. in conjunction with this program, we have a $3.0 billion revolving
credit facility expiring in july 2016. the interest rate for the credit facility is determined based on a formula using certain market rates. as of december 31, 2014, we were in compliance with the financial covenant in the credit facility and no amounts were outstanding.
in may 2011, we issued $3.0 billion of unsecured senior notes (2011 notes) in three equal tranches, due in 2014, 2016, and 2021. the net proceeds from the sale of the 2011 notes were used to repay a portion of our outstanding commercial paper and for general corporate purposes. in february 2014, we issued $1.0 billion of unsecured senior notes (2014 notes) due in 2024, which was used to repay $1.0 billion of the first tranche of our 2011 notes that matured in may 2014 and for general corporate purposes.
as of december 31, 2014, the 2011 and 2014 notes had a total carrying value of $3.0 billion and a total estimated fair value of $3.1 billion. we are not subject to any financial covenants under the notes.
in august 2013, we entered into a $258 million capital lease obligation on certain property expiring in 2028 with an option to purchase in 2016. the effective rate of the capital lease obligation approximates the market rate. the estimated fair value of the capital lease obligation approximated its carrying value as of december 31, 2014.
net cash provided by operating activities               $16,619               $18,659               $22,376
cash provided by operating activities our largest source of cash provided by our operations is advertising revenues generated by google websites and google network members' websites. additionally, we generate cash through sales of digital content and licensing payments. prior to its divestiture, we also generated cash from sales of hardware products related to the motorola mobile business.
our primary uses of cash from our operating activities include payments to our google network members and distribution partners, and payments for content acquisition costs. prior to the sale of the motorola mobile business, our use of cash also included payment for manufacturing and inventory-related costs in the motorola mobile business. in addition, uses of cash from operating activities include compensation and related costs, other general corporate expenditures, and income taxes.
net cash provided by operating activities increased from 2013 to 2014 primarily due to increased net income adjusted for depreciation and loss on disposal of property and equipment and stock-based compensation expense, and a net increase in cash from changes in working capital primarily driven by changes in prepaid revenue share, expenses, and other assets.
net cash provided by operating activities increased from 2012 to 2013 primarily due to increased net income adjusted for gain on divestiture of businesses, depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment, stock-based compensation expense, and amortization of intangible assets. these increases were partially offset by the net decrease in cash from changes in working capital primarily as a result of a decrease in income taxes, an increase in accounts receivable and inventories, offset by an increase in accounts payable.
cash used in investing activities cash provided by or used in investing activities primarily consists of purchases of property and equipment, as well as acquisitions and divestitures of businesses and intangible assets. our cash provided or used in investing activities includes purchases, maturities, and sales of marketable securities in our investment portfolio and our investments in reverse repurchase agreements and the cash collateral received or returned from our securities lending program.
cash used in investing activities increased from 2013 to 2014 primarily due to increases in capital expenditures related to our production equipment, data centers, and real estate purchases, higher spend related to acquisitions, and lower proceeds received in 2014 from divestiture of businesses compared to 2013. this increase was partially offset by a net decrease in purchases of marketable securities.
cash used in investing activities increased from 2012 to 2013 primarily due to a net increase in purchases of marketable securities and an increase in capital expenditures primarily related to our production equipment, data centers, and real estate purchases. this increase was partially offset by lower spend related to acquisitions and an increase in proceeds received from divestiture of businesses.
cash provided by (used in) financing activities cash used in financing activities consists primarily of net proceeds or payments from issuance or repayments of debt and net proceeds or payments and excess tax benefits from stock-based award activities.
cash used in financing activities increased from 2013 to 2014 primarily driven by an increase in net payments related to stock-based award activities, offset partially by a decrease in net cash payments related to debt.
contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014
operating lease obligations, net of sublease income amounts          $6,183                    $598                  $1,256               $1,172                   $3,157
long-term debt obligations, including capital lease obligations       3,843                     107                   1,390                  140                    2,206
possible adjustment payment to class c capital stockholders             593                     593                       0                    0                        0
operating leases we have entered into various non-cancelable operating lease agreements for certain of our offices, land, and data centers throughout the world with original lease periods expiring primarily between 2015 and 2063. we are committed to pay a portion of the related operating expenses under certain of these lease agreements. these operating expenses are not included in the above table. certain of these leases have free or escalating rent payment provisions. we recognize rent expense under such leases on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. certain leases have adjustments for market provisions. in october 2014, we entered into certain non-cancelable office lease agreements with original lease periods expiring between 2027 and 2028 where we will be the deemed owner for accounting purposes of new construction projects. future minimum lease payments under the leases total approximately $1.0 billion, of which $250 million is included on the consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2014 as a an asset and corresponding non-current liability, which represents our estimate of construction costs incurred, and the balance of which is included in the schedule above.
purchase obligations purchase obligations represent non-cancelable contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014. these contracts are primarily related to video and other content licensing revenue sharing arrangements, data center operations and facility build-outs, as well as purchase of inventory.
long-term debt obligations long-term debt obligations represent principal and interest payments to be made over the life of our unsecured senior notes issued in may 2011 and may 2014, and our capital lease obligation incurred in august 2013. please see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further details.
possible adjustment payment to class c capital stockholders in accordance with a settlement of litigation involving the authorization to distribute the class c capital stock, we may be obligated to make a payment (the possible adjustment payment) to holders of the class c capital stock if, on a volume-weighted average basis, the class c capital stock trades below the class a common stock during the first
365 days following the first date the class c shares traded on nasdaq (the lookback period), payable in cash, class a common stock, class c capital stock, or a combination thereof, at the discretion of the board of directors. had we been obligated to make a payment based on the volume weighted average price (vwap) of the class a and class c shares from april 3, 2014 through december 31, 2014, the monetary value of the possible adjustment payment would have been approximately $593 million as of december 31, 2014. please see note 12 of part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information related to the possible adjustment payment.
other long-term liabilities other long-term liabilities represent cash obligations recorded on our consolidated balance sheets, including the short-term portion of these long-term liabilities and consist primarily of payments owed in connection with certain investments and asset retirement obligations.
in addition to the amounts above, we had long-term taxes payable of $3.4 billion as of december 31, 2014 related to tax positions for which the timing of the ultimate resolution is uncertain. at this time, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes. as a result, this amount is not included in the above table.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2014, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of regulation s-k promulgated by the sec, that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues, or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that is material to investors.
critical accounting policies and estimates we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). in doing so, we have to make estimates and assumptions that affect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, as well as related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. in some cases, we could reasonably have used different accounting policies and estimates. in some cases, changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. accordingly, actual results could differ materially from our estimates. to the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial condition or results of operations will be affected. we base our estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. we refer to accounting estimates of this type as critical accounting policies and estimates, which we discuss further below. we have reviewed our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors.
please see note 1 of part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for the summary of significant accounting policies.
although we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different. we adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. to the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate in the period in which such determination is made. the provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate, as well as the related net interest and penalties. in addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the irs and other tax authorities which may assert assessments against us. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes.
loss contingencies we are regularly subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition and antitrust, intellectual property, privacy, indirect taxes, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods and services offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, and other matters. certain of these matters include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. we record a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a loss has been incurred, and the amount can be reasonably
estimated. if we determine that a loss is possible and a range of the loss can be reasonably estimated, we disclose the range of the possible loss in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
we evaluate, on a monthly basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related ranges of possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate. significant judgment is required to determine both likelihood of there being and the estimated amount of a loss related to such matters. until the final resolution of such matters, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of the amount recorded, and such amounts could be material. should any of our estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material impact on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. see note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding contingencies.
business combinations we allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. the excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. when determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, management makes significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets.
critical estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include but are not limited to future expected cash flows from customer relationships and acquired patents and developed technology; and discount rates. management's estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates.
other estimates associated with the accounting for acquisitions may change as additional information becomes available regarding the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as more fully discussed in note 5 of notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
goodwill goodwill is allocated to reporting units expected to benefit from the business combination. we test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances occur that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. goodwill impairment tests require judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. as of december 31, 2014, no impairment of goodwill has been identified.
long-lived assets long-lived assets, including property and equipment, long-term prepayments, and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. the evaluation is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows independent of other assets. an impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows generated from the assets are less than their carrying amount. measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value.
impairment of marketable and non-marketable securities we periodically review our marketable and non-marketable securities for impairment. if we conclude that any of these investments are impaired, we determine whether such impairment is other-than-temporary. factors we consider to make such determination include the duration and severity of the impairment, the reason for the decline in value and the potential recovery period and our intent to sell. for marketable debt securities, we also consider whether (1) it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, and (2) the amortized cost basis cannot be recovered as a result of credit losses. if any impairment is considered other-than-temporary, we will write down the asset to its fair value and record the corresponding charge as interest and other income, net.