item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks, uncertainties and changes in condition, significance, value and effect. our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to those discussed in “risk factors” and elsewhere in this 2014 form 10-k and other documents we file from time to time with the securities and exchange commission. (see “cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements” in part i of this 2014 form 10-k).
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (“md&a”) provides a description of our results of operations and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements included in this 2014 form 10-k. md&a consists of the following sections:
executive summary provides a summary of the key highlights of our results of operations and our management’s assessment of material trends and uncertainties relevant to our business.
results of operations provides an analysis of operating results.
critical accounting policies and estimates discusses accounting policies that reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
liquidity and capital resources provides an analysis of cash flows, contractual obligations and financial position.
executive summary lam research has been an innovative supplier of wafer fabrication equipment and services to the semiconductor industry for more than 30 years. our customers include semiconductor manufacturers that make memory, microprocessors, and other logic integrated circuits for a wide range of electronics; including cell phones, computers, storage devices and networking equipment.
our market-leading products are designed to help our customers build the smaller, faster and more power-efficient devices that are necessary to power the capabilities required by end users. the process of integrated circuits fabrication consists of a complex series of process and preparation steps and lam’s product offerings in deposition, etch and clean address a number of the most critical steps in the fabrication process. we leverage our expertise in semiconductor processing to develop technology and productivity solutions that typically benefit our customers through lower defect rates, enhanced yields, faster processing time, and reduced cost as well as by facilitating their ability to meet more stringent performance and design standards.
the semiconductor capital equipment industry has been highly competitive and subject to business cycles that historically have been characterized by rapid changes in demand. more recently with consolidation in the customer base, the cyclical behavior appears to have diminished somewhat. with a reduced number of customers, variability in their business plans may lead to changes in demand for lam’s equipment and services over certain periods. the variability in our customers’ investments during any particular period is dependent on several factors including but not limited to electronics demand, economic conditions (both general and in the semiconductor and electronics industries), industry supply and demand, prices for semiconductors, and our customers’ ability to develop and manufacture increasingly complex and costly semiconductor devices.
demand for our products increased steadily throughout fiscal year 2014 as semiconductor device manufacturers made capacity and technology investments. technology inflections have been in industry inflection points that include finfet transistors, 3-d nand and multiple patterning. these technology inflections have led to an increase in the deposition, etch and clean market size. this increase, as well as market share gains in these inflections, have contributed to the increased revenue in fiscal 2014. we believe that, over the longer term, demand for our products should increase as the proportion of customers’ capital expenditures rise in these technology inflection areas, and we continue to gain market share.
the following summarizes certain key annual financial information for the periods indicated below:
gross margin as a percent of total revenue            43.6    %                 39.0    %                 40.7    %                  4.6    %                                   -1.7   %
total operating expenses                        $1,329,812                $1,284,988                  $846,336                   $44,824                 3.5    %        $438,652                      51.8   %
on june 4, 2012, we completed our acquisition of novellus systems, inc (“novellus”). results for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 include novellus operations. results for fiscal year 2012 include novellus operations from the acquisition date through june 24, 2012. lam’s primary reasons for this acquisition were to complement existing product offerings and to provide opportunities for revenue growth and cost synergies.
fiscal year 2014 revenues increased 28% compared to fiscal year 2013, reflecting the increase in technology inflections’ spending, as well as, incremental market share gains. the increase in gross margin as a percentage of revenue for the fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was due primarily to a decrease in novellus acquisition-related inventory fair value adjustments, improved business volumes and product mix. operating expenses in fiscal year 2014 increased as compared to fiscal year 2013 primarily related to continued investments in the next-generation research and development and customer facing activities.
our cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash and investments balances totaled approximately $3.2 billion as of june 29, 2014 compared to $2.7 billion as of june 30, 2013. this increase was primarily the result of $717 million of cash flows from operating activities, offset by $245 million in share repurchases. this compares to $720 million in cash provided by operating activities during fiscal year 2013.
results of operations shipments and backlog year ended june 29,              june 30,              june 24,
shipments for fiscal year 2014 were approximately $4.6 billion and increased by 23% compared to fiscal year 2013. shipments for fiscal year 2013 were approximately $3.7 billion and increased by 39% compared to fiscal year 2012. the increase in shipments during fiscal year 2014 as compared to fiscal year 2013 related to continued strengthening of customer demand through fiscal year 2014. the increase in shipments during fiscal year 2013 as compared to fiscal year 2012 related to having a full year of combined operations with novellus and the strengthening of customer demand in the second half of fiscal year 2013.
the percentage of total semiconductor processing system shipments to each of the market segments we serve were as follows for fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012.
during fiscal year 2014, memory customer demand was higher due to node transitions in memory manufacturing, stable pricing for memory, and tight industry supply.
unshipped orders in backlog as of june 29, 2014 were approximately $866 million and increased from approximately $764 million as of june 30, 2013. our unshipped orders backlog includes orders for systems, spares, and services. please refer to “backlog” in part i item 1, “business” of this report for a description of our policies for adding to and adjusting backlog.
the revenue increase in fiscal year 2014 as compared to fiscal year 2013 reflected increased customer and industry demand. the revenue increase in fiscal year 2013 as compared to fiscal year 2012 reflected a full fiscal year of operations post-acquisition of novellus. our revenue levels are generally correlated to the amount of shipments and our installation and acceptance timelines. the overall asia region continues to account for a majority of our revenues as a substantial amount of the worldwide capacity additions for semiconductor manufacturing continues to occur in this region. our deferred revenue balance was $361.6 million as of june 29, 2014 compared to $389.2 million as of june 30, 2013. our deferred revenue balance does not include shipments to japanese customers, to whom title does not transfer until customer acceptance. shipments to japanese customers are classified as inventory at cost until the time of customer acceptance. the anticipated future revenue value from shipments to japanese customers was approximately $34 million as of june 29, 2014 compared to $70 million as of june 30, 2013.
percent of total revenue   43.6            %       39.0            %       40.7            %       4.6           %                                  -1.7   %
the increase in gross margin as a percentage of revenue for fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was due to higher business volumes as well as a more favorable product mix. additionally, the novellus acquisition related inventory fair value impact and cost associated with rationalization of certain product configurations decreased by $78 million and $15 million, respectively, in fiscal year 2014 as compared to fiscal year 2013.
the decrease in gross margin as a percentage of revenue for fiscal year 2013 compared to fiscal year 2012 was due primarily to higher novellus acquisition-related inventory fair value adjustments of approximately $77 million, amortization of acquired intangible assets of approximately $78 million, and $16 million of costs associated with rationalization of certain product configurations. offsetting these higher novellus acquisition and product configuration-related expenses was a favorable change in gross margin as a result of increased business volume.
research and development year ended june 29,              june 30,              june 24,
research &amp; development (“r&amp;d”)       $716,471              $683,688              $444,559              $32,783                4.8       %       $239,129                53.8      %
percent of total revenue                     15.6          %       19.0          %       16.7          %             -3.4   %                           2.3           %
we continued to make significant r&d investments focused on leading-edge deposition, plasma etch, single-wafer clean and other semiconductor manufacturing requirements. the increase in r&d expense during fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was primarily due to a $41 million increase in salaries and benefits related to higher headcount and higher incentive and equity compensation offset by a reduction of $7 million in supplies.
the increase in r&d spending during fiscal year 2013 compared to fiscal year 2012 reflects a full year of combined operations with novellus. increased r&d expense included $111 million in salary and benefits mainly due to higher headcount, $46 million in supplies, $26 million in depreciation and amortization due to new product development, $15 million in outside services, and an additional $12 million in rent, utilities and repairs.
percent of total revenue                             13.3          %       16.7          %       15.1          %             -3.4   %                           1.6           %
the increase in sg&a expense during fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was due primarily to a net increase of $11 million in salaries, benefits and incentive compensation, $20 million increase in marketing expenses and outside services, $7 million in costs associated with rationalization of certain product configurations, $8 million of impairment of a long lived asset, and a $5 million cost related to the renewal of our fremont and livermore buildings’ operating leases. this increase was offset by a $34 million reduction in integration costs and a $10 million reduction in amortization of intangible assets related to the novellus integration.
the increase in sg&a expense during fiscal year 2013 compared to fiscal year 2012 was due primarily to the impact of combined operations with novellus. increased expense includes $108 million in salary and benefits
due to a higher headcount, $73 million of intangible asset amortization, $29 million in integration cost, and $14 million in rent/repair/utilities, all offset by a $47 million decrease in novellus acquisition-related cost.
gain on sale of real estate during the fiscal year 2014, we sold our interest in nonessential property in palo alto, california, resulting in $135 million in net proceeds and a realized gain of $83 million from the transaction.
other expense, net other expense, net, consisted of the following:
foreign exchange gains (losses), net                                        1,529                   (6,808   )                 (397   )
foreign exchange gains in fiscal year 2014 and losses in fiscal years 2013 and 2012 were related to un-hedged portions of the balance sheet exposures.
other income realized during fiscal year 2014 was primarily due to a gain on the disposition of a private equity investment. other expenses during fiscal year 2013 included a $4 million other-than-temporary impairment of a public equity investment recognized during the march 2013 quarter. other expenses during fiscal year 2012 included a $2 million other-than temporary impairment of a private equity investment recognized during the september 2011 quarter.
income tax expense (benefit)
the increase in the effective tax rate in fiscal year 2014 as compared to fiscal year 2013 was primarily due to the change in the level of income and geographic mix of income between higher and lower tax jurisdictions, u.s. income and applicable foreign withholding taxes on undistributed foreign earnings of certain of our foreign subsidiaries for 2014, reduced tax benefit in fiscal year 2014 due to the expiration of the federal research and development tax credit as of december 31, 2013, and tax benefits in fiscal year 2013 related to the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits due to the lapse of the statute of limitations and successful resolution of certain tax matters. the decrease in the effective tax rate in fiscal year 2013 as compared to fiscal year 2012 was
primarily due to the level of income, tax benefits related to the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits due to the lapse of the statute of limitations and successful resolution of certain tax matters, the change in geographical mix of income between higher and lower tax jurisdictions, and tax benefit due to the retroactive reinstatement of the federal research and development tax credit in january 2013.
international revenues account for a significant portion of our total revenues, such that a material portion of our pre-tax income is earned and taxed outside the united states at rates that are generally lower than in the united states. please refer to note 15 to consolidated financial statements.
deferred income taxes deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes, as well as the tax effect of carryforwards. our gross deferred tax assets, composed primarily of reserves and accruals that are not currently deductible and tax credit carryforwards, were $343 million and $318 million at the end of fiscal years 2014 and 2013, respectively. these gross deferred tax assets were offset by deferred tax liabilities of $294 million and $259 million at the end of fiscal years 2014 and 2013, respectively, and a valuation allowance of $74 million and $77 million at the end of fiscal years 2014 and 2013, respectively. the change in the gross deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities between fiscal year 2014 and 2013 is primarily due to accrual for future tax liability due to the expected repatriation of foreign earnings of certain of our foreign subsidiaries for 2014 and amortization of convertible debt, offset by increase in deferred tax assets related to accounting allowances and reserves.
our fiscal years 2014 and 2013 valuation allowance of $74 million and $77 million primarily relate to california and certain foreign deferred tax assets.
at our fiscal year end of june 29, 2014 we continue to record a valuation allowance to offset the entire california deferred tax asset balance due to the impact of the single sales factor apportionment election resulting in lower taxable income in california. we also continue to record valuation allowance on certain foreign entities’ net operating losses.
we evaluate the realizability of the deferred tax assets quarterly and will continue to assess the need for changes in valuation allowances, if any.
uncertain tax positions we reevaluate uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. this evaluation is based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effectively settled issues under audit, and new audit activity. such a change in recognition or measurement would result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (“gaap”) requires management to make certain judgments, estimates and assumptions that could affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. we based our estimates and assumptions on historical experience and on various other assumptions we believed to be applicable and evaluate them on an ongoing basis to ensure they remain reasonable under current conditions. actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.
the significant accounting policies used in the preparation of our financial statements are described in note 2 of our consolidated financial statements. some of these significant accounting policies are considered to be critical accounting policies. a critical accounting policy is defined as one that has both a material impact on
our financial condition and results of operations and requires us to make difficult, complex and/or subjective judgments, often regarding estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain.
we believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
recognition: we recognize all revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred and title has passed or services have been rendered, the selling price is fixed or determinable, collection of the receivable is reasonably assured, and we have received customer acceptance or are otherwise released from our customer acceptance obligations. if terms of the sale provide for a lapsing customer acceptance period, we recognize revenue upon the expiration of the lapsing acceptance period or customer acceptance, whichever occurs first. if the practices of a customer do not provide for a written acceptance or the terms of sale do not include a lapsing acceptance provision, we recognize revenue when it can be reliably demonstrated that the delivered system meets all of the agreed-to customer specifications. in situations with multiple deliverables, we recognize revenue upon the delivery of the separate elements to the customer and when we receive customer acceptance or are otherwise released from our customer acceptance obligations. we allocate revenue from multiple-element arrangements among the separate elements based on their relative selling prices, provided the elements have value on a stand-alone basis. our sales arrangements do not include a general right of return. the maximum revenue we recognize on a delivered element is limited to the amount that is not contingent upon the delivery of additional items. we generally recognize revenue related to sales of spare parts and system upgrade kits upon shipment. we generally recognize revenue related to services upon completion of the services requested by a customer order. we recognize revenue for extended maintenance service contracts with a fixed payment amount on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. when goods or services have been delivered to the customer but all conditions for revenue recognition have not been met, we record deferred revenue and/or deferred costs of sales in deferred profit on our consolidated balance sheet.
inventory valuation: inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market using standard costs that approximate actual costs on a first-in, first-out basis. we maintain a perpetual inventory system and continuously record the quantity on-hand and standard cost for each product, including purchased components, subassemblies, and finished goods. we maintain the integrity of perpetual inventory records through periodic physical counts of quantities on hand. finished goods are reported as inventories until the point of title transfer to the customer. unless specified in the terms of sale, title generally transfers when we complete physical transfer of the products to the freight carrier. transfer of title for shipments to japanese customers generally occurs at the time of customer acceptance.
management evaluates the need to record adjustments for impairment of inventory at least quarterly. our policy is to assess the valuation of all inventories including manufacturing raw materials, work-in-process, finished goods, and spare parts in each reporting period. obsolete inventory or inventory in excess of management’s estimated usage requirement is written down to its estimated market value if less than cost. estimates of market value include, but are not limited to, management’s forecasts related to our future manufacturing schedules, customer demand, technological and/or market obsolescence, general semiconductor market conditions, and possible alternative uses. if future customer demand or market conditions are less favorable than our projections, additional inventory write-downs may be required and would be reflected in cost of goods sold in the period in which we make the revision.
warranty: typically, the sale of semiconductor capital equipment includes providing parts and service warranties to customers as part of the overall price of the system. we provide standard warranties for our systems. we record a provision for estimated warranty expenses to cost of sales for each system when we recognize revenue. we do not maintain general or unspecified reserves; all warranty reserves are related to specific systems. the amount recorded is based on an analysis of historical activity that uses factors such as type of system, customer, geographic region, and any known factors such as tool reliability trends. all actual or estimated parts and labor costs incurred in subsequent periods are charged to those established reserves on a system-by-system basis.
while we periodically monitor the performance and cost of warranty activities, if actual costs incurred are different than our estimates, we may recognize adjustments to provisions in the period in which those differences arise or are identified. in addition to the provision of standard warranties, we offer customer-paid extended warranty services. revenues for extended maintenance and warranty services with a fixed payment amount are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. related costs are recorded as incurred.
equity-based compensation — employee stock purchase plan (“espp”) and employee stock plans: gaap requires us to recognize the fair value of equity-based compensation in net income. we determine the fair value of our restricted stock units (“rsus”), excluding market-based performance rsus, based on the fair market value of company stock at the date of grant. we estimate the fair value of our market-based performance rsus using a monte carlo simulation model at the date of the grant. we estimate the fair value of our stock options and espp awards using the black-scholes option valuation model. this model requires us to input highly subjective assumptions, including expected stock price volatility and the estimated life of each award. we amortize the fair value of equity-based awards over the vesting periods of the awards, and we have elected to use the straight-line method of amortization.
we make quarterly assessments of the adequacy of our tax credit pool related to equity-based compensation to determine if there are any deficiencies that we are required to recognize in our consolidated statements of operations. we will only recognize a benefit from stock-based compensation in paid-in-capital if we realize an incremental tax benefit after all other tax attributes currently available to us have been utilized. in addition, we have elected to account for the indirect benefits of stock-based compensation on the research tax credit through the income statement (continuing operations) rather than through paid-in-capital. we have also elected to net deferred tax assets and the associated valuation allowance related to net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards for the accumulated stock award tax benefits for income tax footnote disclosure purposes. we will track these stock award attributes separately and will only recognize these attributes through paid-in-capital.
income taxes: deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes, as well as the tax effect of carryforwards. we record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. realization of our net deferred tax assets is dependent on future taxable income. we believe it is more-likely-than-not that such assets will be realized; however, ultimate realization could be negatively impacted by market conditions and other variables not known or anticipated at the time. in the event that we determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax assets, an adjustment would be charged to earnings in the period such determination is made. likewise, if we later determine that it is more-likely-than-not that the deferred tax assets would be realized, then the previously provided valuation allowance would be reversed.
we recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on the technical merits of the tax position. our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. please refer to note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. we recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. the second step requires us to estimate and measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. it is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts, as this requires us to determine the probability of various possible outcomes. we reevaluate these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. this evaluation is based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effectively settled issues under audit, and new audit activity. such a change in recognition or measurement would result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision in the period such determination is made.
goodwill and intangible assets: the valuation of intangible assets acquired in a business combination requires the use of management estimates including but not limited to estimating future expected cash flows from assets acquired and determining discount rates. management’s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. estimates associated with the accounting for acquisitions may change as additional information becomes available.
goodwill represents the amount by which the purchase price in each business combination exceeds the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired. each component of the company for which discrete financial information is available and for which segment management regularly reviews the results of operations is considered a reporting unit. all goodwill acquired in a business combination is assigned to one or more reporting units as of the acquisition date. goodwill is assigned to the company’s reporting units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. the goodwill assigned to a reporting unit is the difference between the acquisition consideration assigned to the reporting unit on a relative fair value basis and the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities that can be specifically attributed to the reporting unit. we test goodwill and identifiable intangible assets with indefinite useful lives for impairment at least annually. we amortize intangible assets with estimable useful lives over their respective estimated useful lives, and we review for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the intangible asset may not be recoverable and the carrying amount exceeds its fair value.
we review goodwill at least annually for impairment. if certain events or indicators of impairment occur between annual impairment tests, we would perform an impairment test at that date. in testing for a potential impairment of goodwill, we: (1) allocate goodwill to our reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates; (2) estimate the fair value of our reporting units; and (3) determine the carrying value (book value) of those reporting units, as some of the assets and liabilities related to those reporting units are not held by those reporting units but by a corporate function. prior to this allocation of the assets to the reporting units, we assess long-lived assets for impairment. furthermore, if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value, we must estimate the fair value of all identifiable assets and liabilities of that reporting unit, in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation for an acquired business. this can require independent valuations of certain internally generated and unrecognized intangible assets such as in-process r&d and developed technology. only after this process is completed can the amount of goodwill impairment, if any, be determined. in our goodwill impairment analysis we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative analysis. we do not calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless the entity determines, based on a qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. our most recent annual goodwill impairment analysis, which was performed as of the first day of our fourth quarter, march 31, 2014, did not result in a goodwill impairment charge, nor did we record any goodwill impairment in fiscal 2013 or 2012. as a result of historical performance and growth potential, our single-wafer clean systems reporting unit may be at greater risk for goodwill impairment than our other reporting units if our actual results for this reporting unit differ from our projections.
the process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is subjective and requires significant judgment at many points during the analysis. we determine the fair value of our reporting units by using a weighted combination of both a market and an income approach, as this combination is deemed to be the most indicative of fair value in an orderly transaction between market participants.
under the market approach, we use information regarding the reporting unit as well as publicly available industry information to determine various financial multiples to value our reporting units. under the income approach, we determine fair value based on estimated future cash flows of each reporting unit, discounted by an estimated weighted-average cost of capital, which reflects the overall level of inherent risk of a reporting unit and the rate of return an outside investor would expect to earn.
in estimating the fair value of a reporting unit for the purposes of our annual or periodic analyses, we make estimates and judgments about the future cash flows of our reporting units, including estimated growth rates and
assumptions about the economic environment. although our cash flow forecasts are based on assumptions that are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses, there is significant judgment involved in determining the cash flows attributable to a reporting unit. in addition, we make certain judgments about allocating shared assets to the estimated balance sheets of our reporting units. we also consider our market capitalization and that of our competitors on the date we perform the analysis. changes in judgment on these assumptions and estimates could result in a goodwill impairment charge.
as a result, several factors could result in impairment of a material amount of our goodwill balance in future periods, including, but not limited to: (1) weakening of the global economy, weakness in the semiconductor equipment industry, or our failure to reach our internal forecasts, which could impact our ability to achieve our forecasted levels of cash flows and reduce the estimated discounted cash flow value of our reporting units; and (2) a decline in our stock price and resulting market capitalization, if we determine that the decline is sustained and indicates a reduction in the fair value of our reporting units below their carrying value. in addition, the value we assign to intangible assets, other than goodwill, is based on our estimates and judgments regarding expectations such as the success and life cycle of products and technology acquired. if actual product acceptance differs significantly from our estimates, we may be required to record an impairment charge to write down the asset to its realizable value.
recent accounting pronouncements in july 2013, the fasb released accounting standards update 2013-11 “presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward exists.” the new standard requires that an unrecognized tax benefit should be presented as a reduction of a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward or other tax credit carryforward when settlement in this manner is available under the tax law. we are required to adopt this standard starting in fiscal year 2015 and are currently in the process of determining the impact, if any, on our financial position.
in april 2014, the fasb released accounting standards update 2014-8 “presentation of financial statements and property, plant and equipment: reporting discontinued operations and disclosure of disposals of components of an entity.” the new standard re-defines discontinued operations and requires only those disposals of components of an entity, including classifications as held for sale, that represent a strategic shift that has, or will have, a major effect on an entity’s operations and financial results to be reported as discontinued operations. in addition, the new standard expands the disclosure requirements of discontinued operations. we are required to adopt this standard starting in fiscal year 2015 and are currently in the process of determining the impact, if any, on our financial position.
in may 2014, the fasb released accounting standards update 2014-9 “revenue from contracts with customers” to supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under gaap. the core principle of the standard is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. the new standard defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, it is possible more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than required under existing gaap including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. we are required to adopt this standard starting in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 using either of two methods: (i) retrospective to each prior reporting period presented with the option to elect certain practical expedients as defined within the standard; or (ii) retrospective with the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard recognized at the date of initial application and providing certain additional disclosures as defined per the standard. we are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of this standard on our financial position.
liquidity and capital resources total gross cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash and investments balances were $3.2 billion at the end of fiscal year 2014 compared to $2.7 billion at the end of fiscal year 2013. this increase was primarily the result of $717 million of cash flow from operating activities. approximately $2.2 billion and $2.0 billion of our total cash and investments as of june 29, 2014 and june 30, 2013, respectively, were held outside the u.s. in our foreign subsidiaries, the majority of which would be subject to tax at u.s. rates if it were to be repatriated. refer to note 15 of our consolidated financial statements, included in item 15 of this report, for information concerning the potential tax impact of repatriating earnings for certain non-u.s. subsidiaries that are permanently reinvested outside the u.s.
cash flows from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities of $717 million during fiscal year 2014 consisted of (in millions):
amortization of convertible note discount                  33
impairment                                                 12
gain on sale of real estate                               (83   )
changes in operating asset and liability accounts        (293   )
significant changes in operating asset and liability accounts, net of foreign exchange impact, included the following uses of cash: increases in accounts receivable of $201.5 million, inventories of $190.1 million, and prepaid expenses and other assets of $9.5 million, partially offset by the following sources of cash: increases in accounts payable of $18.7 million, deferred profit of $10.9 million and accrued liabilities of $78.6 million.
cash flows from investing activities net cash used for investing activities during fiscal year 2014 was $265.2 million, which was primarily due to net purchases of available-for-sale securities of $284.0 million, and capital expenditures of $145.5 million, partially offset by cash proceeds on the sale of assets of $156.7 million.
cash flows from financing activities net cash used for financing activities during fiscal year 2014 was $162.7 million, which was primarily due to $244.9 million in treasury stock repurchases, partially offset by net proceeds from issuance of common stock related to employee equity-based plans of $77.7 million.
liquidity given the cyclical nature of the semiconductor equipment industry, we believe that maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves is important to support sustaining levels of investment in r&d and capital infrastructure. based upon our current business outlook, we expect that our levels of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments at june 29, 2014 will be sufficient to support our presently anticipated levels of operations, investments, debt service requirements, and capital expenditures, through at least the next 12 months.
in the longer term, liquidity will depend to a great extent on our future revenues and our ability to appropriately manage our costs based on demand for our products and services. while we have substantial cash balances in the united states and offshore, we may require additional funding and need to raise the required funds through borrowings or public or private sales of debt or equity securities. we believe that, if necessary, we will be able to access the capital markets on terms and in amounts adequate to meet our objectives. however, given the possibility of changes in market conditions or other occurrences, there can be no certainty that such funding will be available in needed quantities or on terms favorable to us.
off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations we have certain obligations to make future payments under various contracts, some of which are recorded on our balance sheet and some of which are not. obligations that are recorded on our balance sheet in accordance with gaap include our long-term debt which is outlined in the following table. our off-balance sheet arrangements are presented as operating leases and purchase obligations in the table. our contractual obligations and commitments as of june 29, 2014, relating to these agreements and our guarantees are included in the following table. the amounts in the table below exclude $258 million of liabilities related to uncertain tax benefits as we are unable to reasonably estimate the ultimate amount or time of settlement. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
operating leases                       $45,242                   $15,109                       $19,748                 $5,578         $5,482                    $(675         )
capital leases                                    12,321                  1,857                  1,829                  8,635                         —                —
*                                            as noted above, the conversion period for the 2041 notes opened as of june 30, 2013 and remains open as of june 29, 2014. as such, the net carrying value of the 2041 notes is included within current liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. the $700 million principal balance of the 2041 notes has been included in the more than 5 years payment period in the table above, which reflects the contractual maturity assuming no conversion. see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements, included in item 15 of this report, for additional information concerning the 2041 notes and associated conversion feature.
operating leases we lease most of our administrative, r&d and manufacturing facilities, regional sales/service offices and certain equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. certain of our facility leases for buildings located at our fremont, california headquarters, livermore facilities, and certain other facility leases provide us with an option to extend the leases for additional periods or to purchase the facilities. certain of our facility leases provide for periodic rent increases based on the general rate of inflation. in addition to amounts included in the table above, we have guaranteed residual values for certain of our fremont and livermore facility leases of up to $191 million. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
capital leases capital leases reflect building and office equipment lease obligations. the amounts in the table above include the interest portion of payment obligations.
purchase obligations purchase obligations consist of significant contractual obligations either on an annual basis or over multi-year periods related to our outsourcing activities or other material commitments, including vendor-consigned
inventories. the contractual cash obligations and commitments table presented above contains our minimum obligations at june 29, 2014 under these arrangements and others. for obligations with cancellation provisions, the amounts included in the preceding table were limited to the non-cancelable portion of the agreement terms or the minimum cancellation fee. actual expenditures will vary based on the volume of transactions and length of contractual service provided.
long-term debt on may 11, 2011, we issued and sold $450.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 0.5% convertible notes due 2016 (the “2016 notes”) and $450.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 1.25% convertible notes due 2018 (the “2018 notes,” and collectively with the “2016 notes”, the “notes”). the 2016 notes were issued at par and pay interest at a rate of 0.5% per annum and the 2018 notes were issued at par and pay interest at a rate of 1.25% per annum. the notes may be converted into our common stock, under certain circumstances, based on a conversion rate of 15.9128 shares of our common stock per $1,000 principal amount of notes, which is equal to a conversion price of approximately $62.84 per share of our common stock. the conversion price will be subject to adjustment in some events but will not be adjusted for accrued interest. concurrently with the issuance of the notes, we purchased convertible note hedges for $181.1 million and sold warrants for $133.8 million. the separate convertible note hedges and warrant transactions are structured to reduce the potential future economic dilution associated with the conversion of the notes.
in june 2012, with the acquisition of novellus, we assumed $700 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.625% convertible senior notes due may 2041 (the “2041 notes”). the 2041 notes were issued at par and pay interest at a rate of 2.625% per annum. the 2041 notes may be converted, under certain circumstances, into our common stock based on a conversion rate of 28.5572 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of notes, which represents a conversion price of approximately $35.02 per share of common stock.
during fiscal year 2014, 2013, and 2012 we made $1.7 million, $2.2 million, and $5.3 million, respectively, in principal payments on long-term debt and capital leases, respectively.
revolving credit arrangements on march 12, 2014, we entered into a $300 million revolving unsecured credit facility with a syndicate of lenders that matures on march 12, 2019. the facility includes an option for us to, subject to certain requirements, request an increase in the facility of up to an additional $200 million, for a potential total commitment of $500 million. proceeds from the credit facility can be used for general corporate purposes. interest on amounts borrowed under the credit facility is, at our option, based on (i) a base rate, defined as the greatest of (a) prime rate, (b) federal funds rate plus 0.5%, or (c) one-month libor plus 1.0%, plus a spread of 0.0% to 0.5% or (ii) libor plus a spread of 0.9% to 1.5%, in each case the applicable spread is determined based on the rating of our non-credit enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt. principal, and any accrued and unpaid interest, is due and payable upon maturity. additionally, we will pay the lenders a quarterly commitment fee that varies based on our rating described above. the credit facility contains certain restrictive covenants including maintaining a consolidated debt to total capitalization ratio of no more than 0.5 to 1.0 and maintaining unrestricted or unencumbered cash and investments, of no less than $1.0 billion. as of june 29, 2014, we had no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility and were in compliance with all financial covenants.
other guarantees we have issued certain indemnifications to our lessors for taxes and general liability under some of our agreements. we have entered into certain insurance contracts that may limit our exposure to such indemnifications. as of june 29, 2014, we had not recorded any liability on our consolidated financial statements in connection with these indemnifications, as we do not believe, based on information available, that it is probable that we will pay any amounts under these guarantees.
generally, we indemnify, under pre-determined conditions and limitations, our customers for infringement of third-party intellectual property rights by our products or services. we seek to limit our liability for such indemnity to an amount not to exceed the sales price of the products or services subject to its indemnification obligations. we do not believe, based on information available, that it is probable that we will pay any material amounts under these guarantees.
we provide guarantees and standby letters of credit to certain parties as required for certain transactions initiated during the ordinary course of business. as of june 29, 2014, the maximum potential amount of future payments that we could be required to make under these arrangements and letters of credit was $20.6 million. we do not believe, based on historical experience and information currently available, that it is probable that any amounts will be required to be paid.