item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our historical financial statements and notes included in part iv of this annual report. also, the partnership files a separate annual report on form 10-k with the sec.
overview financial presentation targa resources corp. is a publicly traded delaware corporation formed in october 2005. our common stock is listed on the nyse under the symbol "trgp." in this annual report, unless the context requires otherwise, references to "we," "us," "our," the "company," or "targa" are intended to mean our consolidated business and operations.
we own general and limited partner interests, including incentive distribution rights ("idrs"), in targa resources partners lp (the "partnership"), a publicly traded delaware limited partnership that is a leading united states provider of midstream natural gas and ngl services, with a growing presence in crude oil gathering and petroleum terminaling. common units of the partnership are listed on the nyse under the symbol "ngls."
our primary business objective is to increase our cash available for dividends to our stockholders by assisting the partnership in executing its business strategy. we may potentially facilitate the partnership's growth through various forms of financial support, including, but not limited to, modifying the partnership's idrs, exercising the partnership's idr reset provision contained in its partnership agreement, making loans, making capital contributions in exchange for yielding or non-yielding equity interests or providing other financial support to the partnership to support its ability to make distributions. we also may potentially enter into other economic transactions intended to increase our ability to make cash available for dividends over time. in addition, we may potentially acquire assets that could be candidates for acquisition by the partnership, potentially after operational or commercial improvement or further development.
an indirect subsidiary of ours is the general partner of the partnership. because we control the general partner, under gaap we must reflect our ownership interest in the partnership on a consolidated basis. accordingly, the partnership's financial results are included in our consolidated financial statements even though the distribution or transfer of partnership assets are limited by the terms of the partnership agreement, as well as restrictive covenants in the partnership's lending agreements. the limited partner interests in the partnership not owned by us are reflected in our results of operations as net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. therefore, throughout this discussion, we make a distinction where relevant between financial results of the partnership versus those of us as a standalone parent including our non-partnership subsidiaries.
the partnership files its own separate annual report. the financial results presented in our consolidated financial statements will differ from the consolidated financial statements of the partnership primarily due to the effects of:
·   certain administrative assets and liabilities incumbent as a provider of operational and support services to the partnership;
·   certain non-operating assets and liabilities that we retained;
·   partnership distributions applicable to our general partner interest, incentive distribution rights and investment in partnership common units. while these are eliminated when preparing our consolidated financial statements, they nonetheless are the primary source of cash flow that supports the payment of dividends to our stockholders.
our operations currently, we have no separate, direct operating activities apart from those conducted by the partnership. as such, our cash inflows will primarily consist of cash distributions from our interests in the partnership. the partnership is required to distribute all available cash at the end of each quarter after establishing reserves to provide for the proper conduct of its business or to provide for future distributions.
the partnership's operations the partnership is a leading provider of midstream natural gas and ngl services in the united states, with a growing presence in crude oil gathering and petroleum terminaling. in connection with these business activities, the partnership buys and sells natural gas, ngls and ngl products, crude oil, condensate and refined products.
the partnership is engaged in the business of:
·   gathering, compressing, treating, processing and selling natural gas;
·   storing, fractionating, treating, transporting and selling ngls and ngl products, including services to lpg exporters;
the partnership reports its operations in two divisions: (i) gathering and processing, consisting of two reportable segments - (a) field gathering and processing and (b) coastal gathering and processing; and (ii) logistics and marketing, consisting of two reportable segments - (a) logistics assets and (b) marketing and distribution. the financial results of its hedging activities are reported in other.
the partnership's gathering and processing division includes assets used in the gathering of natural gas produced from oil and gas wells and processing this raw natural gas into merchantable natural gas by extracting ngls and removing impurities and assets used for crude oil gathering and terminaling. the field gathering and processing segment's assets are located in north texas, the permian basin of west texas and southeast new mexico and in north dakota. the coastal gathering and processing segment's assets are located in the onshore and near offshore regions of the louisiana gulf coast and the gulf of mexico.
the partnership's logistics and marketing division is also referred to as its downstream business. the partnership's downstream business includes all the activities necessary to convert mixed ngls into ngl products and provides certain value added services such as storing, terminaling, distributing and marketing of ngls, the storage and terminaling of refined petroleum products and crude oil and certain natural gas supply and marketing activities in support of our other businesses including services to lpg exporters.  it also includes certain natural gas supply and marketing activities in support of the partnership's other operations, as well as transporting natural gas and ngls.
the partnership's logistics assets segment is involved in transporting, storing, and fractionating mixed ngls; storing, terminaling, and transporting finished ngls, including services for exporting lpgs; and storing and terminaling of refined petroleum products. these assets are generally connected to and supplied in part by the partnership's gathering and processing segments and are predominantly located in mont belvieu and galena park, texas and in lake charles, louisiana.
the partnership's marketing and distribution segment covers activities required to distribute and market raw and finished ngls and all natural gas marketing activities. it includes (1) marketing the partnership's own ngl production and purchasing ngl products for resale in selected united states markets; (2) providing lpg balancing services to refinery customers; (3) transporting, storing and selling propane and providing related propane logistics services to multi-state retailers, independent retailers and other end-users; (4) providing propane, butane and services to lpg exporters; and (5) marketing natural gas available to the partnership from its gathering and processing division and the purchase and resale and other value added activities related to third-party natural gas in selected united states markets.
other contains the results of the partnership's commodity hedging activities included in operating margin and the mark-to-market gains/losses that did not receive designation as cash-flow hedges.
2014 developments logistics and marketing segment expansion international exports in september 2013, the partnership commissioned phase i of the international export expansion project, which includes its facilities at mont belvieu and the galena park marine terminal near houston, texas. phase i of this project expanded the partnership's export capability to approximately 3.5 to 4 mmbbl per month of propane and/or butane. included in the partnership's phase i expansion is the capability to export international grade low ethane propane. with the completion of phase i, the partnership's capabilities expanded to include loading vlgc vessels in addition to the small and medium-sized vessels that the partnership previously loaded for export.
as part of phase ii of this project during 2014, the partnership added incremental capacity and operational efficiencies with the addition of refrigeration, another dock, a new pipeline between mont belvieu and galena park and a de-ethanizer that increased the effective capacity to 7.0 mmbbl per month. the total cost of the partnership's international export expansion project was approximately $480 million.
condensate splitter or alternate project on march 31, 2014, the partnership announced the approval to construct a condensate splitter at its channelview terminal on the houston ship channel. the condensate splitter was supported by a long-term fee-based arrangement with noble americas corp., a subsidiary of noble group ltd. the initial project would have the capability to split approximately 35 mbbl/d of condensate into its various components, including naptha, kerosene, gas oil, jet fuel and liquefied petroleum gas, and will provide segregated storage for the condensate and components.
effective december 31, 2014, the partnership and noble agreed to modify the existing arrangements to build (i) a new terminal with significant storage capacity at patriot; or (ii) a condensate splitter at channelview with modified timing; or (iii) potentially both projects. the partnership and noble are evaluating these alternatives including final capabilities, capacities and capital costs. the modifications to the previous arrangements provide for the partnership to receive an upfront payment and an enhanced economic benefit over time. the projects are now expected to be completed by the end of 2016 or 2017, depending on final project scope and on permitting.
in july 2014, the partnership approved construction of a 100 mbbl/d fractionation expansion in mont belvieu, texas. the 100 mbbl/d expansion will be fully integrated with its existing gulf coast ngl storage, terminaling and delivery infrastructure, which includes an extensive network of connections to key petrochemical and industrial customers as well as the partnership's lpg export terminal at galena park, texas on the houston ship channel. all environmental and internal approvals required to commence construction of the expansion are in place, and construction is underway and the partnership expects completion of construction in mid-2016. construction of the expansion will proceed without disruption to existing operations, and the partnership estimates that total capital expenditures for the expansion and the related infrastructure enhancements at mont belvieu should be approximately $385 million.
field gathering and processing segment expansion badlands during 2013, the partnership invested approximately $250 million to expand its gathering and processing business in the williston basin, north dakota assets. the partnership increased its crude gathering and natural gas gathering operations substantially with the addition of pipelines and associated facilities and added an additional 20 mmcf/d natural gas processing plant. during 2014, the partnership invested approximately $165 million for further expansion of this business, including an additional cryogenic processing plant.
north texas and saou in may 2014, the partnership commenced commercial operations of the 200 mmcf/d cryogenic longhorn processing plant in north texas, and in june 2014, the partnership commenced commercial operations of the 200 mmcf/d cryogenic high plains processing plant in the permian basin. we believe these plants will enable north texas and saou to meet increasing production from continued producer activity in north texas and the eastern side of the permian basin.
growth investments in the permian and williston basins in october 2014, the partnership announced that it intends to build a new 300 mmcf/d cryogenic processing plant with an anticipated start-up in early 2016. this plan will also include related gathering and compression infrastructure in the delaware basin of winkler country, texas, west of the partnership's existing sand hills gas processing plant.
in october 2014, the partnership also announced  that it intends to build a new 200 mmcf/d cryogenic processing plant to be located in mckenzie county, north dakota with an anticipated start-up in 2016.
given the significant decrease in commodity prices and expected reductions in producer activity since those announcements, the partnership is reevaluating the capacity and expected timing for both of these projects.
in the current market environment, we are actively monitoring producer responses to changes in the commodity price environment and will continue to adjust our growth capital expenditure programs to meet expected producer requirements.
additionally, the partnership expects to have other growth capital expenditures in 2015 related to the continued build out of its gathering and processing systems and logistics capabilities.
pending atlas mergers on october 13, 2014, we and the partnership announced two proposed merger transactions which would result in the partnership's acquisition of atlas pipeline partners, l.p (apl), a delaware limited partnership, and the targa acquisition of atlas energy, l.p. (atls), a delaware limited partnership, which owns the apl general partner. upon consummation of these mergers, targa would relinquish all apl ownership interests and merge the apl general partner into the partnership. each of the transactions is contingent on one another, and the transactions are expected to close concurrently on february 28, 2015, subject to the approval of targa's stock issuance in connection with the atls merger by targa's stockholders and the approval of the atlas mergers by unitholders of atls and apl, as applicable, and other customary closing conditions.
apl is a provider of natural gas gathering, processing and treating services primarily in the anadarko, arkoma and permian basins located in the southwestern and mid-continent regions of the united states and in the eagle ford shale play in south texas; a provider of natural gas gathering services in the appalachian basin in the northeastern region of the united states and a provider of ngl transportation services in the southwestern region of the united states.
strategic rationale:
we believe that the combination of targa resources partners and apl creates a premier midstream franchise with increased scale and geographic diversity, and creates one of the largest diversified mlps on an enterprise value basis.
·   the acquisitions add the woodford/scoop, mississippi lime, eagle ford and additional permian assets to the partnership's existing permian, bakken, barnett, and louisiana gulf coast gathering and processing operations.
·   combined position across the permian basin enhances service capabilities in one of the most active producing basins in north america, with a combined 1,439 mmcf/d of processing capacity and 10,300 miles of pipelines.
·   strong growth outlook with significant announced combined organic growth capital expenditures.
·   growing ngl production from gathering and processing business supports the partnership's leading ngl fractionation and export position.
·   enhances credit profile and results in an estimated 60-70% pro forma fee-based margin.
·   underlying growth in the businesses drives incrementally higher distribution and dividend growth.
please see note 4 to the "consolidated financial statements" beginning on page f-1 of this annual report.
accounts receivable securitization facility the securitization facility provides up to $300.0 million of borrowing capacity at libor market index rates plus a margin through december 11, 2015. under the securitization facility, two of the partnership's consolidated subsidiaries (targa liquids marketing and trade llc ("tlmt") and targa gas marketing llc ("tgm")) sell or contribute receivables, without recourse, to another of its consolidated subsidiaries (targa receivables llc or "trllc"), a special purpose consolidated subsidiary created for the sole purpose of the securitization facility. trllc, in turn, sells an undivided percentage ownership in the eligible receivables to a third-party financial institution. receivables up to the amount of the outstanding debt under the securitization facility are not available to satisfy the claims of the creditors of tlmt, tgm or the partnership. any excess receivables are eligible to satisfy the claims of creditors of tlmt, tgm or the partnership. as of december 31, 2014, total funding under the securitization facility was $182.8 million.
other financing activities on july 21, 2014, standard & poor's ratings services ("s&p") raised the partnership's corporate credit rating to 'bb+' from 'bb' and raised the partnership's credit rating on its senior unsecured notes to 'bb+' from 'bb'.
on september 9, 2014, moody's investors service ("moody's") raised the partnership's corporate credit rating to 'ba1' from 'ba2' and raised the partnership's credit rating on its senior unsecured notes to 'ba2' from 'ba3'.
on october 13, 2014, in conjunction with the announced agreements to acquire apl and atls, s&p placed the partnership's 'bb+' corporate credit and senior unsecured debt ratings on creditwatch with positive implications. also on october 14, 2014, moody's affirmed the partnership's ba1 corporate family rating and ba2 senior unsecured note rating.
in october 2014, the partnership privately placed $800.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 41⁄8% senior notes due 2019 (the "41⁄8% notes"). the 41⁄8% notes resulted in approximately $790.8 million of net proceeds, which were used to reduce borrowings under the trp revolver and the partnership's securitization facility and for general partnership purposes.
in november 2014, the partnership redeemed its outstanding 77⁄8% senior notes due 2018 (the "77⁄8% notes") paying $259.8 million plus accrued interest per the terms of the note agreement to redeem the outstanding balance of the 77⁄8% notes. the redemption resulted in a $12.4 million loss on debt redemption for the year ended 2014, consisting of premiums paid of $9.9 million and a non-cash loss to write-off $2.5 million of unamortized debt issue costs.
in july 2013, the partnership filed with the sec a universal shelf registration statement that, subject to effectiveness at the time of use, allows the partnership to issue up to an aggregate of $800 million of debt or equity securities (the "july 2013 shelf"). in august 2013, the partnership entered into an equity distribution agreement under the july 2013 shelf (the "august 2013 eda"), pursuant to which the partnership may sell through its sales agents, at its option, up to an aggregate of $400 million of the partnership common units.  in may 2014, the partnership entered into an additional equity distribution agreement under the july 2013 shelf (the "may 2014 eda"), pursuant to which the partnership may sell through its sales agents, at its option, up to an aggregate of $400 million of the partnership common units.
during 2014, pursuant to the august 2013 eda and the may 2014 eda, the partnership issued a total of 7,175,096 common units representing total net proceeds of $408.4 million (net of commissions up to 1% of gross proceeds to the partnership's sales agent), which were used to reduce borrowings under the trp revolver and for general partnership purposes. we contributed $8.4 million to the partnership to maintain our 2% general partner interest during this period, of which $1.0 million was settled in january 2015.
recent accounting pronouncements in april 2014, the fasb issued asu no. 2014-08, presentation of financial statements (topic 205) and property, plant and equipment (topic 360), reporting discontinued operations and disclosures of disposals of components of an entity. the amendment, required to be applied prospectively for reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2014, limits discontinued operations reporting to disposals of components of an entity that represent strategic shifts that have, or will have, a major effect on operations and financial results.  the amendment requires expanded disclosures for discontinued operations and also requires additional disclosures regarding disposals of individually significant components that do not qualify as discontinued operations. early adoption is permitted, but only for disposals (or classifications as held for sale) that have not been reported in financial statements previously issued or available for issuance.
in may 2014, the fasb issued asu no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606), which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in topic 605, revenue recognition, and most industry-specific guidance. the update also creates a new subtopic 340-40, other assets and deferred costs - contracts with customers, which provides guidance for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer and those costs incurred in fulfilling a contract with a customer that are not in the scope of another topic. the new revenue standard requires that entities should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entities expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. to achieve that core principle, the standard requires a five step process of identifying the contracts with customers, identifying the performance obligations in the contracts, determining the transaction price, allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations, and recognizing revenue when, or as, the performance obligations are satisfied. the amendment also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.
the revenue recognition standard will be effective for us starting in the first quarter of 2017. early adoption is not permitted. we must retroactively apply the new revenue recognition standard to transactions in all prior periods presented, but will have a choice between either (1) restating each prior period presented or (2) presenting a cumulative effect adjustment in the first quarter report in 2017. we have commenced our analysis of the new standard and its impact on our revenue recognition practices.
in august 2014, the fasb issued asu no. 2014-15, presentation of financial statements-going concern (subtopic 205-40), disclosure of uncertainties about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern. the amendment is effective for the annual period beginning after december 15, 2016, and for annual and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. the amendment requires an entity's management to evaluate for each annual and interim reporting period whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued or available to be issued.  if substantial doubt is raised, further analysis and disclosures are required, including management's plans to mitigate the adverse conditions or events.
in november 2014, fasb issued asu no. 2014-17, business combinations (topic 805): pushdown accounting (a consensus of the fasb emerging issues task force), with an effective date of november 18, 2014. the amendment provides an acquired entity the option to apply push-down accounting in its separate financial statements when a change-in-control event occurs.
factors that significantly affect the partnership's results the partnership's results of operations are substantially impacted by the volumes that move through its gathering, processing and logistics assets, changes in commodity prices, contract terms, the impact of hedging activities and the cost to operate and support assets.
volumes in the partnership's gathering and processing operations, plant inlet volumes and capacity utilization rates generally are driven by wellhead production and the partnership's competitive and contractual position on a regional basis and more broadly by the impact of prices for oil, natural gas and ngls on exploration and production activity in the areas of the partnership's operations. the factors that impact the gathering and processing volumes also impact the total volumes that flow to the downstream business. in addition, fractionation volumes are also affected by the location of the resulting mixed ngls, available pipeline capacity to transport ngls to the partnership's fractionators and its competitive and contractual position relative to other fractionators.
(2)   ngl prices are based on quarterly weighted average prices and annual averages of prices from mont belvieu non-tet monthly commercial index prices. illustrative targa ngl contains 44% ethane, 30% propane, 11% natural gasoline, 5% isobutane and 10% normal butane.
(3)   crude oil prices are based on quarterly weighted average prices and annual averages of daily prices from west texas intermediate commercial index prices as measured on the nymex.
contract terms, contract mix and the impact of commodity prices because of the potential for significant volatility of natural gas and ngl prices, the contract mix of the partnership's gathering and processing division, other than fee-based contracts in badlands and certain other gathering and processing services, can have a material impact on its profitability, especially those contracts that create direct exposure to changes in energy prices by paying the partnership for gathering and processing services with a portion of the commodities handled ("equity volumes").
contract terms in the gathering and processing division are based upon a variety of factors, including natural gas and crude quality, geographic location, competitive dynamics and the pricing environment at the time the contract is executed, and customer requirements. the partnership's gathering and processing contract mix and, accordingly, their exposure to crude, natural gas and ngl prices may change as a result of producer preferences, competition and changes in production as wells decline at different rates or are added, their expansion into regions where different types of contracts are more common and other market factors. for example, the partnership's badlands crude oil and natural gas contracts are essentially 100% fee-based.
the contract terms and contract mix of our downstream business can also have a significant impact on the partnership's results of operations. during periods of low relative demand for available fractionation capacity, rates were low and frac-or-pay contracts were not readily available. the current demand for fractionation services has grown resulting in increases in fractionation fees and contract term. in addition, reservation fees are required. increased demand for export services also supports fee-based contracts. contracts in the logistics assets segment are primarily fee-based arrangements while the marketing and distribution segment includes both fee-based and percent-of-proceeds contracts.
impact of the partnership's commodity price hedging activities the partnership has hedged the commodity price risk associated with a portion of its expected natural gas and condensate equity volumes through 2017 and ngl equity volumes through 2015 by entering into financially settled derivative transactions. historically, these transactions have included both swaps and purchased puts (or floors). the primary purpose of its commodity risk management activities is to hedge its exposure to price risk and to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in commodity prices on cash flow. the partnership also actively manages the downstream business product inventory and other working capital levels to reduce exposure to changing ngl prices. for additional information regarding the partnership's hedging activities, see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk-commodity price risk."
operating expenses variable costs such as fuel, utilities, power, service and repairs can impact the partnership's results as volumes fluctuate through its systems. continued expansion of existing assets will also give rise to additional operating expenses, which will affect the partnership's results. the employees supporting the partnership's operations are employees of targa resources llc, a delaware limited liability company, and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of us. the partnership reimburses us for the payment of certain operating expenses, including compensation and benefits of operating personnel assigned to the partnership's assets.
general and administrative expenses we perform centralized corporate functions for the partnership, such as legal, accounting, treasury, insurance, risk management, health, safety, environmental, information technology, human resources, credit, payroll, internal audit, taxes engineering and marketing. other than our direct costs of being a separate public reporting company, these costs are reimbursed by the partnership. see "item 13. certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence."
general trends and outlook we expect the midstream energy business environment to continue to be affected by the following key trends: demand for the partnership's services, commodity prices, volatile capital markets and increased regulation. these expectations are based on assumptions made by us and information currently available to us. to the extent our underlying assumptions about or interpretations of available information prove to be incorrect, the partnership's actual results may vary materially from our expected results.
demand for the partnership's services fluctuations in energy prices can affect production rates and investments by third parties in the development of oil and natural gas reserves. generally, drilling and production activity will increase as energy prices increase. the recent substantial decline in oil, condensate, ngl and natural gas prices has led many exploration and production companies to reduce planned capital expenditures for drilling and production activities during 2015. in the partnership's field gathering and processing areas of operation, producers are likely to reduce their drilling activity to varying degrees, which may lead to lower oil, condensate, ngl and natural gas volume growth in the near term and reduced demand for the partnership's services. producer activity generates demand in the partnership's downstream business for fractionation and other fee-based services, which may decrease in the near term. as prices have declined, demand for the partnership's international export, storage and terminaling services has remained relatively constant, as demand for these services is based on a number of domestic and international factors.
commodity prices there has been, and we believe there will continue to be, significant volatility in commodity prices and in the relationships among ngl, crude oil and natural gas prices. in addition, the volatility and uncertainty of natural gas, crude oil and ngl prices impact drilling, completion and other investment decisions by producers and ultimately supply to the partnership's systems.
the partnership's operating income generally improves in an environment of higher natural gas, ngl and condensate prices, primarily as a result of its percent-of-proceeds contracts. the partnership's processing profitability is largely dependent upon pricing and the supply of and market demand for natural gas, ngls and condensate. pricing and supply are beyond its control and have been volatile. in a declining commodity price environment, without taking into account the partnership's hedges, the partnership will realize a reduction in cash flows under its percent-of-proceeds contracts proportionate to average price declines. due to the recent volatility in commodity prices, we are uncertain of what pricing and market demand for oil, condensate, ngls and natural gas will be throughout 2015, and, as a result, demand for the services that we provide may decrease. across the partnership's operations and particularly in the partnership's downstream business, the partnership benefits from long-term fee-based arrangements for its services, regardless of the actual volumes processed or delivered. the significant level of margin we derive from fee-based arrangements combined with the partnership's hedging arrangements helps to mitigate the partnership's exposure to commodity price movements. for additional information regarding the partnership's hedging activities, see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk-commodity price risk."
volatile capital markets the partnership is dependent on its abilities to access the equity and debt capital markets in order to fund acquisitions and expansion expenditures. global financial markets have been, and are expected to continue to be, volatile and disrupted and weak economic conditions may cause a significant decline in commodity prices. as a result, we and the partnership may be unable to raise equity or debt capital on satisfactory terms, or at all, which may negatively impact the timing and extent to which we and the partnership execute growth plans. prolonged periods of low commodity prices or volatile capital markets may impact our and the partnership's ability or willingness to enter into new hedges, fund organic growth, connect to new supplies of natural gas, execute acquisitions or implement expansion capital expenditures.
increased regulation additional regulation in various areas has the potential to materially impact the partnership's operations and financial condition. for example, increased regulation of hydraulic fracturing used by producers may cause reductions in supplies of natural gas, ngls, and crude oil from producers. please read "item 1a. risk factors-increased regulation of hydraulic fracturing could result in reductions or delays in drilling and completing new oil and natural gas wells, which could adversely impact the partnership's revenues by decreasing the volumes of natural gas, ngls or crude oil through its facilities and reducing the utilization of its assets." similarly, the forthcoming rules and regulations of the cftc may limit the partnership's ability or increase the cost to use derivatives, which could create more volatility and less predictability in its results of operations.
how we evaluate our operations our consolidated operations include the operations of the partnership due to our ownership and control of the general partner. we currently have no direct operating activities separate from those conducted by the partnership. our financial results differ from the partnership's due to the financial effects of: noncontrolling interests in the partnership, our separate debt obligations, certain non-operating costs associated with assets and liabilities that we retained and were not included in asset conveyances to the partnership, and certain general and administrative costs applicable to us as a separate public company. we monitor these non-partnership financial items to ensure proper reflection of the partnership and non-partnership results.
distributable cash flow management's primary measure of analyzing our performance is the non-gaap measure distributable cash flow.
we define distributable cash flow as distributions due to us from the partnership, less our specific general and administrative costs as a separate public reporting entity, the interest carry costs associated with our debt and taxes attributable to our earnings. distributable cash flow is a significant performance metric used by us and by external users of our financial statements, such as investors, commercial banks, research analysts and others to compare basic cash flows generated by us to the cash dividends we expect to pay our shareholders. using this metric, management and external users of our financial statements can quickly compute the coverage ratio of estimated cash flows to planned cash dividends. distributable cash flow is also an important financial measure for our shareholders since it serves as an indicator of our success in providing a cash return on investment. specifically, this financial measure indicates to investors whether or not we are generating cash flow at a level that can sustain or support an increase in our quarterly dividend rates. distributable cash flow is also a quantitative standard used throughout the investment community because the share value is generally determined by the share's yield (which in turn is based on the amount of cash dividends the entity pays to a shareholder).
the economic substance behind our use of distributable cash flow is to measure the ability of our assets to generate cash flow sufficient to pay dividends to our investors.
the gaap measure most directly comparable to distributable cash flow is net income. distributable cash flow should not be considered as an alternative to gaap net income. distributable cash flow is not a presentation made in accordance with gaap and has important limitations as an analytical tool. investors should not consider distributable cash flow in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under gaap. because distributable cash flow excludes some, but not all, items that affect net income and is defined differently by different companies in our industry, our definition of distributable cash flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing its utility.
our non-gaap measures management compensates for the limitations of distributable cash flow as an analytical tool by reviewing the comparable gaap measure, understanding the differences between the measures and incorporating these insights into its decision making process.
reconciliation of net income of targa resources corp. to distributable cash flow net income of targa resources corp.                                                          $423.0                 $201.3                 $159.3
less: net income of targa resources partners lp                                              (505.1   )             (258.6   )             (203.2   )
(1)   excludes $4.7 million of non-cash current tax expense arising from amortization of deferred long-term tax assets from drop down gains realized for tax purposes and paid in 2010 for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012.
(2)   current period portion of amount established at our ipo to fund taxes on deferred gains related to drop down transactions that were treated as sales for income tax purposes.
targa resources corp. distributable cash flow distributions declared by targa resources partners lp associated with:
total distributions declared by targa resources partners lp                            190.8                                       149.0                103.3
income (expenses) of trc non-partnership general and administrative expenses                                                     (8.2          )                             (8.4   )             (8.2   )
(1)   excludes $4.7 million of non-cash current tax expense arising from amortization of deferred long-term tax assets from drop down gains realized for tax purposes and paid in 2010 for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012.
(2)   current period portion of amount established at our ipo to fund taxes on deferred gains related to drop down transactions that were treated as sales for income tax purposes.
how we evaluate the partnership's operations the partnership's profitability of its business segments is a function of the difference between: (i) the revenues the partnership receives from its operations, including fee-based revenues from services and revenues from the natural gas, ngls, crude oil and condensate the partnership sells, and (ii) the costs associated with conducting the partnership's operations, including the costs of wellhead natural gas, crude oil and mixed ngls that the partnership purchases as well as operating, general and administrative costs and the impact of commodity hedging activities. because commodity price movements tend to impact both revenues and costs, increases or decreases in the partnership's revenues alone are not necessarily indicative of increases or decreases in its profitability. the partnership's contract portfolio, the prevailing pricing environment for crude oil, natural gas and ngls and the volumes of crude oil, natural gas and ngl throughput on its systems are important factors in determining its profitability. the partnership's profitability is also affected by the ngl content in gathered wellhead natural gas, supply and demand for its products and services, utilization of its assets and changes in its customer mix.
the partnership's profitability is also impacted by fee-based revenues. the partnership's growth strategy, based on expansion of existing facilities as well as third-party acquisitions of businesses and assets, has increased the percentage of our revenues that are fee-based. fixed fees for services such as fractionation, storage, terminaling and crude oil gathering are not directly tied to changes in market prices for commodities.
management uses a variety of financial measures and operational measurements to analyze the partnership's performance. these include: (1) throughput volumes, facility efficiencies and fuel consumption, (2) operating expenses, (3) capital expenditures and (4) the following non-gaap measures: gross margin, operating margin, adjusted ebitda and distributable cash flow.
throughput volumes, facility efficiencies and fuel consumption the partnership's profitability is impacted by its ability to add new sources of natural gas supply and crude oil supply to offset the natural decline of existing volumes from oil and natural gas wells that are connected to its gathering and processing systems. this is achieved by connecting new wells and adding new volumes in existing areas of production, as well as by capturing crude oil and natural gas supplies currently gathered by third-parties. similarly, the partnership's profitability is impacted by its ability to add new sources of mixed ngl supply, typically connected by third-party transportation, to its downstream business' fractionation facilities. the partnership fractionates ngls generated by its gathering and processing plants, as well as by contracting for mixed ngl supply from third-party facilities.
in addition, the partnership seeks to increase operating margin by limiting volume losses, reducing fuel consumption and by increasing efficiency. with its gathering systems' extensive use of remote monitoring capabilities, the partnership monitors the volumes received at the wellhead or central delivery points along its gathering systems, the volume of natural gas received at its processing plant inlets and the volumes of ngls and residue natural gas recovered by its processing plants. the partnership also monitors the volumes of ngls received, stored, fractionated and delivered across its logistics assets. this information is tracked through its processing plants and downstream business facilities to determine customer settlements for sales and volume related fees for service and helps the partnership increase efficiency and reduces fuel consumption.
as part of monitoring the efficiency of its operations, the partnership measures the difference between the volume of natural gas received at the wellhead or central delivery points on its gathering systems and the volume received at the inlet of its processing plants as an indicator of fuel consumption and line loss. the partnership also tracks the difference between the volume of natural gas received at the inlet of the processing plant and the ngls and residue gas produced at the outlet of such plant to monitor the fuel consumption and recoveries of its facilities. similar tracking is performed for its crude oil gathering and logistics assets. these volume, recovery and fuel consumption measurements are an important part of the partnership's operational efficiency analysis and safety programs.
operating expenses operating expenses are costs associated with the operation of specific assets. labor, contract services, repair and maintenance, utilities and ad valorem taxes comprise the most significant portion of the partnership's operating expenses. these expenses, other than fuel and power, generally remain relatively stable and independent of the volumes through its systems, but fluctuate depending on the scope of the activities performed during a specific period.
capital expenditures capital projects associated with growth and maintenance projects are closely monitored. return on investment is analyzed before a capital project is approved, spending is closely monitored throughout the development of the project, and the subsequent operational performance is compared to the assumptions used in the economic analysis performed for the capital investment approval. the partnership has seen a substantial increase in its total capital spent since 2010 and currently has significant internal growth projects.
gross margin the partnership defines gross margin as revenues less purchases. it is impacted by volumes and commodity prices as well as by the partnership's contract mix and commodity hedging program. the partnership defines gathering and processing gross margin as total operating revenues from (1) the sale of natural gas, condensate, crude oil and ngls and (2) natural gas and crude oil gathering and service fee revenues less product purchases, which consist primarily of producer payments and other natural gas and crude oil purchases. logistics assets gross margin consists primarily of service fee revenue. gross margin for marketing and distribution equals total revenue from service fees, ngl and natural gas sales, less cost of sales, which consists primarily of ngl and natural gas purchases, transportation costs and changes in inventory valuation. the gross margin impacts of cash flow hedge settlements are reported in other.
operating margin the partnership defines operating margin as gross margin less operating expenses. operating margin is an important performance measure of the core profitability of the partnership's operations.
management reviews business segment gross margin and operating margin monthly as a core internal management process. we believe that investors benefit from having access to the same financial measures that management uses in evaluating the partnership's operating results. gross margin and operating margin provide useful information to investors because they are used as supplemental financial measures by management and by external users of the partnership's financial statements, including investors and commercial banks, to assess:
·   the financial performance of the partnership's assets without regard to financing methods, capital structure or historical cost basis;
·   the partnership's operating performance and return on capital as compared to other companies in the midstream energy sector, without regard to financing or capital structure; and
·   the viability of acquisitions and capital expenditure projects and the overall rates of return on alternative investment opportunities.
gross margin and operating margin are non-gaap measures. the gaap measure most directly comparable to gross margin and operating margin is net income. gross margin and operating margin are not alternatives to gaap net income and have important limitations as analytical tools. investors should not consider gross margin and operating margin in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the partnership's results as reported under gaap. because gross margin and operating margin exclude some, but not all, items that affect net income and are defined differently by different companies in our industry, the partnership's definition of gross margin and operating margin may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing their utility.
management compensates for the limitations of gross margin and operating margin as analytical tools by reviewing the comparable gaap measures, understanding the differences between the measures and incorporating these insights into its decision-making processes.
adjusted ebitda the partnership defines adjusted ebitda as net income attributable to targa resources partners lp before: interest; income taxes; depreciation and amortization; gains or losses on debt repurchases and redemptions, early debt extinguishments and asset disposals; non-cash risk management activities related to derivative instruments; changes in the fair value of the badlands acquisition contingent consideration; non-cash compensation on partnership equity grants and the non-controlling interest portion of depreciation and amortization expenses. adjusted ebitda is used as a supplemental financial measure by the partnership and by external users of its financial statements such as investors, commercial banks and others. the economic substance behind the partnership's use of adjusted ebitda is to measure the ability of its assets to generate cash sufficient to pay interest costs, support its indebtedness and make distributions to its investors.
adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap financial measure. the gaap measures most directly comparable to adjusted ebitda are net cash provided by operating activities and net income attributable to targa resources partners lp. adjusted ebitda should not be considered as an alternative to gaap net cash provided by operating activities or gaap net income. adjusted ebitda has important limitations as an analytical tool. investors should not consider adjusted ebitda in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the partnership's results as reported under gaap. because adjusted ebitda excludes some, but not all, items that affect net income and net cash provided by operating activities and is defined differently by different companies in the partnership's industry, the partnership's definition of adjusted ebitda may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing its utility.
management compensates for the limitations of adjusted ebitda as an analytical tool by reviewing the comparable gaap measures, understanding the differences between the measures and incorporating these insights into its decision-making processes.
distributable cash flow the partnership defines distributable cash flow as net income attributable to targa resources partners lp plus depreciation and amortization, deferred taxes and amortization of debt issue costs included in interest expense, adjusted for non-cash risk management activities related to derivative instruments, debt repurchases and redemptions, early debt extinguishments, non-cash compensation on partnership equity grants and asset disposals, less maintenance capital expenditures (net of any reimbursements of project costs) and changes in the fair value of the badlands acquisition contingent consideration. this measure includes any impact of noncontrolling interests.
distributable cash flow is a significant performance metric used by the partnership and by external users of the partnership's financial statements, such as investors, commercial banks and research analysts, to compare basic cash flows generated by the partnership (prior to the establishment of any retained cash reserves by the board of directors of its general partner) to the cash distributions the partnership expects to pay the partnership's unitholders. using this metric, the partnership's management and external users of its financial statements can quickly compute the coverage ratio of estimated cash flows to cash distributions. distributable cash flow is also an important financial measure for the partnership's unitholders since it serves as an indicator of the partnership's success in providing a cash return on investment. specifically, this financial measure indicates to investors whether or not the partnership is generating cash flow at a level that can sustain or support an increase in the partnership's quarterly distribution rates. distributable cash flow is also a quantitative standard used throughout the investment community with respect to publicly-traded partnerships and limited liability companies because the value of a unit of such an entity is generally determined by the unit's yield (which in turn is based on the amount of cash distributions the entity pays to a unitholder).
distributable cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure. the gaap measure most directly comparable to distributable cash flow is net income attributable to targa resources partners lp. distributable cash flow should not be considered as an alternative to gaap net income attributable to targa resources partners lp. it has important limitations as an analytical tool. investors should not consider distributable cash flow in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the partnership's results as reported under gaap. because distributable cash flow excludes some, but not all, items that affect net income and is defined differently by different companies in the partnership's industry, the partnership's definition of distributable cash flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing its utility.
management compensates for the limitations of distributable cash flow as an analytical tool by reviewing the comparable gaap measure, understanding the differences between the measures and incorporating these insights into its decision-making processes.
non-gaap financial measures of the partnership the following tables reconcile the non-gaap financial measures of the partnership used by management to the most directly comparable gaap measures for the periods indicated:
reconciliation of targa resources partners lp gross margin and operating margin to net income:
operating expenses                                                                                           (433.0   )              (376.2   )              (313.0   )
operating margin                                                                                            1,136.6                   801.5                   691.7
gain (loss) on sale or disposition of assets                                                                    4.8                    (3.9   )               (15.6   )
change in contingent consideration                                                                                -                    15.3                       -
reconciliation of net cash provided by targa resources partners lp operating activities to adjusted ebitda:
net cash provided by operating activities                                                                              $838.5                $411.4                $465.4
changes in operating assets and liabilities which used (provided) cash:
targa resources partners lp adjusted ebitda                                                                            $970.3                $635.2                $518.5
(1)   includes amortization of debt issuance costs, discount and premium.
(2)   includes equity earnings from unconsolidated investments - net of distributions, accretion expense associated with asset retirement obligations and noncontrolling interest portion of depreciation and amortization expenses.
reconciliation of net income of targa resources partners lp to adjusted ebitda:
net income attributable to targa resources partners lp                                     $467.7                $233.5                $174.6
(gain) loss on sale or disposition of assets                                                 (4.8   )               3.9                  15.6
change in contingent consideration                                                              -                 (15.3   )                 -
non-cash risk management activities                                                           4.7                  (0.5   )               5.4
noncontrolling interests adjustment (2)                                                     (14.0   )             (12.6   )             (11.8   )
targa resources partners lp adjusted ebitda                                                $970.3                $635.2                $518.5
(1)   the definition of adjusted ebitda was changed in 2014 to exclude non-cash compensation on equity grants.
(2)   noncontrolling interest portion of depreciation and amortization expenses.
reconciliation of net income of targa resources partners lp to distributable cash flow:
net income attributable to targa resources partners lp                                             $467.7                $233.5                $174.6
change in contingent consideration                                                                      -                 (15.3   )                 -
(gain) loss on sale or disposition of assets                                                         (4.8   )               3.9                  15.6
non-cash risk management activities                                                                   4.7                  (0.5   )               5.4
maintenance capital expenditures                                                                    (79.1   )             (79.9   )             (67.6   )
targa resources partners lp distributable cash flow                                                $763.2                $446.3                $357.5
(1)   includes amortization of debt issuance costs, discount and premium.
(2)   includes the noncontrolling interests portion of maintenance capital expenditures, depreciation and amortization expenses.
financial information - partnership versus non-partnership as a supplement to the financial statements included in this annual report, we present the following tables, which segregate our consolidated balance sheets, results of operations and statement of cash flows between partnership and non-partnership activities. partnership results are presented the same basis reported in the partnership's annual report on form 10-k. except when otherwise noted, the remainder of this management's discussion and analysis refers to these disaggregated results.
targa resources corp. consolidated             targa resources partners lp             trc - non-partnership             targa resources corp. consolidated             targa resources partners lp             trc - non-partnership
assets from risk management activities                                                   44.4                                    44.4                                 -                                            2.0                                     2.0                                 -
long-term assets from risk management activities                                         15.8                                    15.8                                 -                                            3.1                                     3.1                                 -
liabilities from risk management activities                                               5.2                                     5.2                                 -                                            8.0                                     8.0                                 -
long-term liabilities from risk management activities                                       -                                       -                                 -                                            1.4                                     1.4                                 -
the major non-partnership balance sheet items relate to:
(1)   corporate assets consisting of cash and prepaid insurance.
(2)   long-term prepaid tax assets primarily related to gains on 2010 drop-down transactions recognized as sales of assets for tax purposes.
(5)   receivable related to intercompany billings arising from our providing management, commercial, operational, financial and administrative services to the partnership.
(7)   long-term liabilities related to trc incentive compensation plans and deferred rent related to the headquarters' office lease.
results of operations - partnership versus non-partnership year ended december 31,
targa resources corp. consolidated            targa resources partners lp          trc - non-partnership               targa resources corp. consolidated            targa resources partners lp            trc - non-partnership             targa resources corp. consolidated            targa resources partners lp            trc - non-partnership
operating expenses                                                                                 433.1                                  433.0          0.1                                                              376.3                                  376.2                              0.1                                          313.1                                  313.0                              0.1
other operating (income) expense                                                                    (3.0   )                               (3.0   )                            -                                            9.6                                    9.6                                -                                           19.9                                   19.9                                -
the major non-partnership results of operations relate to:
(1)   amortization of aoci related to versado hedges dropped down to the partnership, and aoci related to terminated hedges (fully amortized during 2013).
(7)   noncontrolling interests in the net income of the partnership.
statements of cash flows - partnership versus non-partnership year ended december 31,
targa resources corp. consolidated            targa resources partners lp            trc - non-partnership             targa resources corp. consolidated            targa resources partners lp            trc - non-partnership             targa resources corp. consolidated            targa resources partners lp            trc - non-partnership
cash flows from operating activities net income (loss)                                                                                                     $423.0                                 $505.1                           $(82.1   )                                     $201.3                                 $258.6                           $(57.3   )                                     $159.3                                 $203.2                           $(43.9   )
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
accretion of asset retirement obligations                                                                                4.5                                    4.4                              0.1                                            4.0                                    3.9                              0.1                                            4.0                                    3.9                              0.1
equity earnings, net of distributions                                                                                      -                                      -                                -                                           (2.8   )                               (2.8   )                            -                                              -                                      -                                -
risk management activities (5)                                                                                           4.7                                    4.7                                -                                           (0.3   )                               (0.5   )                          0.2                                            3.6                                    5.3                             (1.7   )
(gain) loss on sale of assets                                                                                           (4.8   )                               (4.8   )                            -                                            3.9                                    3.9                                -                                           15.6                                   15.6                                -
changes in operating assets and liabilities (6)                                                                        (50.7   )                              (51.8   )                          1.1                                         (144.5   )                             (160.4   )                         15.9                                           (9.4   )                                4.4                            (13.8   )
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                                                    761.8                                  838.5                            (76.7   )                                      382.7                                  411.4                            (28.7   )                                      428.2                                  465.4                            (37.2   )
business acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                                                                -                                      -                                -                                              -                                      -                                -                                         (996.2   )                             (996.2   )                            -
purchase of materials and supplies                                                                                         -                                      -                                -                                          (17.7   )                              (17.7   )                            -                                              -                                      -                                -
return of capital from unconsolidated affiliate                                                                          5.7                                    5.7                                -                                              -                                      -                                -                                            0.5                                    0.5                                -
proceeds from sale of common units of the partnership, net (7)                                                         412.7                                  420.4                             (7.7   )                                      524.7                                  535.5                            (10.8   )                                      514.0                                  575.0                            (61.0   )
repurchase of common stock                                                                                              (2.6   )                                  -                             (2.6   )                                      (13.3   )                                  -                            (13.3   )                                       (9.5   )                                  -                             (9.5   )
excess tax benefit from stock-based awards                                                                               1.0                                      -                              1.0                                            1.6                                      -                              1.6                                            1.3                                      -                              1.3
repurchase of common units                                                                                              (4.8   )                               (4.8   )                            -                                              -                                      -                                -                                              -                                      -                                -
net change in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 14.3                                   14.8                             (0.5   )                                       (9.6   )                              (10.5   )                          0.9                                          (69.5   )                               12.4                            (81.9   )
cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                                          66.7                                   57.5                              9.2                                           76.3                                   68.0                              8.3                                          145.8                                   55.6                             90.2
cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                               $81.0                                  $72.3                             $8.7                                          $66.7                                  $57.5                             $9.2                                          $76.3                                  $68.0                             $8.3
the major non-partnership cash flow items relate to:
(6)   see balance sheets - partnership versus non-partnership for a description of the non-partnership operating assets and liabilities.
consolidated results of operations the following table and discussion is a summary of our consolidated results of operations:
($ in millions, except operating statistics and price amounts)
operating expenses                                                       433.1                      376.3                      313.1                       56.8                  15    %               63.2                  20   %
operating margin (2)                                                   1,136.5                      801.2                      693.6                      335.3                  42    %              107.6                  16   %
other operating (income) expenses                                         (3.0    )                   9.6                       19.9                      (12.6    )            131    %              (10.3   )              52   %
income tax (expense) benefit                                             (68.0    )                 (48.2    )                 (36.9    )                 (19.8    )             41    %              (11.3   )              31   %
operating statistics:
(1)   gross margin is a non-gaap financial measure and is discussed under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - how we evaluate the partnership's operations".
(2)   operating margin is a non-gaap financial measure and is discussed under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - how we evaluate the partnership's operations".
(3)   plant natural gas inlet represents the volume of natural gas passing through the meter located at the inlet of a natural gas processing plant, other than in badlands, where it represents total wellhead gathered volume.
(5)   export volumes represent the quantity of ngl products delivered to third-party customers at our galena park marine terminal that are destined for international markets.
higher revenues, including the impact of hedging (a $29.4 million decrease to revenues), were primarily due to higher ngl volumes ($1,778.6 million), higher fee-based and other revenues ($438.1 million) and higher natural gas commodity sales prices ($201.4 million), partially offset by lower ngl and condensate prices ($65.6 million).
higher gross margin in 2014 reflects increased export activities and higher fractionation fees in our logistics and marketing segments and increased field gathering and processing throughput volumes associated with system expansions and increased producer activity, as well as higher natural gas prices. this significant growth in our asset base brought a higher level of operating expenses in 2014. see "-results of operations-by reportable segment" for additional information regarding changes in gross margin and operating margin on a segment basis.
the increase in depreciation and amortization expenses reflects increased planned amortization of the badlands intangible assets and higher depreciation related to major organic investments placed in service, including continuing development at badlands, the international export expansion project, high plains and longhorn plants, cbf train 4 and other system expansions.
general and administrative expenses were slightly lower due to the effect of lower non-cash expenses related to periodic valuations of unvested long term incentive plan awards, which offset increases in other overhead costs.
the increase in other operating income primarily relates to an insurance settlement in 2014 compared to losses on asset disposals recorded in 2013.
the increase in interest expense reflects higher outstanding borrowings and lower capitalized interest allocated to our major expansion projects, partially offset by lower overall interest rates.
losses on debt redemptions and amendments reflect premiums paid and the write-off of associated unamortized debt issue costs related to the redemptions of our 77⁄8% notes in 2014 and the outstanding balance of the 111⁄4% notes and $100 million of our 63⁄8% notes in 2013.
other expense in 2014 was primarily attributable to transaction costs related to the pending atlas mergers. in 2013 we recorded a gain from the elimination of the contingent consideration liability associated with the badlands acquisition.
higher revenues, including the impact of hedging (a $19.7 million decrease to revenues), were primarily due to the impact of higher commodity volumes ($373.9 million), higher realized prices on natural gas, condensate, and petroleum products ($261.2 million) and higher fee-based and other revenues ($234.4 million), offset by lower realized prices on ngls ($225.1 million).
higher gross margin in 2013 includes the contribution of the partnership's badlands acquisition. other favorable gross margin factors were increased volumes from system expansions and higher gas prices in the partnership's field gathering and processing segment and higher fractionation fees and increased export activities in the partnership's logistics and marketing segments. this significant growth in the partnership's asset base brought a higher level of operating expenses in 2013. see "-results of operations-by reportable segment" for additional information regarding changes in the components of gross and operating margin on a disaggregated basis.
the increase in depreciation and amortization expenses was primarily due to tangible and intangible assets acquired in the badlands acquisition and the timing of major organic investments placed in service including cbf train 4, phase i of the international export expansion project, and badlands continuing development.
higher general and administrative expenses reflected increased non-cash long term incentive-plan valuation expenses and increased expenses and compensation related costs to support the partnership's expanding business operations.
other operating expense in 2013 includes the loss due to a fire at the saunders plant. other operating expense in 2012 reflects a $15.4 million loss due to a write-off of the partnership's investment in the yscloskey joint venture processing plant. following hurricane isaac, the joint venture owners elected not to restart the plant. additionally, other operating (income) expense in 2012 includes $3.6 million in costs associated with the clean-up and repairs necessitated by hurricane isaac at the partnership's coastal straddle plants.
the increase in interest expense primarily reflects higher borrowings, partially offset by the impact of lower effective interest rates and increases in capitalized interest attributable to our major expansion projects.
the increase in equity earnings relates to the partnership's investment in gcf, which was profitable in 2013 compared to a loss in 2012 due to a planned shutdown of operations during the expansion of the facility.
losses on debt redemptions and amendments during 2013 are attributable to premiums paid and write-off of debt issue costs in connection with the redemption of the outstanding balance of the partnership's 111⁄4% notes and the redemption of $100 million of the partnership's 63⁄8% notes.
the increase in other income was attributable to the elimination of the contingent consideration associated with the badlands acquisition, reflecting management's assessment that the stipulated volumetric thresholds were not met.
the increase in earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests is primarily due to higher partnership earnings. additionally, net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was $3.5 million lower due to decreased net income of versado and vesco, partially offset by increased net income at cbf.
results of operations-by reportable segment we have segregated the following segment operating margins between partnership and trc non-partnership activities. partnership activities have been presented on a common control accounting basis, which reflects the dropdown transactions between targa and the partnership as if they occurred in prior periods. trc non-partnership segment results include certain assets and liabilities contractually excluded from the dropdown transactions and certain historical hedge activities that could not be reflected as such under gaap in the partnership common control results. see "-financial information - partnership versus non-partnership."
field gathering and processing               coastal gathering and processing            logistics assets            marketing and distribution            other            trc non- partnership               consolidated operating margin
results of operations of the partnership - by reportable segment gathering and processing segments field gathering and processing
operating expenses                                190.9              165.2              126.2                 25.7                  16   %            39.0                  31   %
operating margin                                 $372.3             $270.5             $231.2               $101.8                  38   %           $39.3                  17   %
operating statistics (1):
north texas system (5)                            354.5              292.4              244.5                 62.1                  21   %            47.9                  20   %
north texas system                                 37.8               31.1               26.8                  6.7                  22   %             4.3                  16   %
(1)   segment operating statistics include the effect of intersegment amounts, which have been eliminated from the consolidated presentation. for all volume statistics presented, the numerator is the total volume during the applicable reporting period and the denominator is the number of calendar days during the applicable reporting period.
(2)   plant natural gas inlet represents the volume of natural gas passing through the meter located at the inlet of a natural gas processing plant.
(7)   average realized prices exclude the impact of hedging settlements presented in other.
gross margin improvements in our field gathering and processing segment were fueled by throughput increases and higher natural gas sales prices partially offset by lower ngl and condensate sales prices and the impact of severe cold weather in the first quarter of 2014. the increase in plant inlet volumes was driven by system expansions and by increased producer activity which increased available supply across our areas of operation. gross margin in 2014 also benefited from the second quarter start-up of commercial operations at the longhorn plant in north texas and the high plains plant in saou. badlands crude oil and natural gas volumes increased significantly due to producer activities and system expansion. higher ngl sales reflect similar factors.
higher operating expenses were primarily driven by volume growth and system expansions and included additional labor costs, ad valorem taxes and compression and system maintenance expenses.
the increase in gross margin was primarily due to the inclusion of badlands operations in 2013, higher overall throughput volumes and higher natural gas and condensate sales prices partially offset by lower ngl sales prices. the increase in plant inlet volumes was largely attributable to new well connects which increased available supply across each of our areas of operations, offset by the saunders fire at versado and by other operational issues and severe cold weather.
the increase in operating expenses was primarily due to the inclusion of badlands operations in 2013 and additional compression and system maintenance related expenses attributable to increased volumes across our business and system expansions.
coastal gathering and processing
operating expenses                                     46.2                   46.9                   47.1                (0.7   )               1   %              (0.2    )              0   %
operating margin                                      $77.6                  $85.4                 $115.1               $(7.8   )               9   %            $(29.7    )             26   %
operating statistics (1):
(1)   segment operating statistics include intersegment amounts, which have been eliminated from the consolidated presentation. for all volume statistics presented, the numerator is the total volume during the applicable reporting period and the denominator is the number of calendar days during the applicable reporting period.
(2)   plant natural gas inlet represents the volume of natural gas passing through the meter located at the inlet of a natural gas processing plant.
the decrease in coastal gathering and processing gross margin was primarily due to lower ngl sales prices, less favorable frac spreads and lower throughput volumes partially offset by new volumes at vesco with higher gpm and the availability of short-term higher gpm off-system volumes at lou. the overall decrease in plant inlet volumes was largely attributable to the decline of leaner off-system supply volumes and the idling of the big lake plant in november 2014 due to market conditions. gross ngl production at vesco during 2013 was impacted by a third-party ngl takeaway pipeline volume constraint.
operating expenses were relatively flat.
the decrease in gross margin was primarily due to lower ngl prices, less favorable frac spreads and lower throughput volumes at vesco and the other coastal straddles. the decrease in plant inlet volumes was largely attributable to the decline in offshore and off-system supply volumes and the impact of the yscloskey, calumet and other third-party plant shutdowns. in addition, volumes were constrained by operational issues at vesco and lou. this volume decrease was partially offset by the addition of the big lake plant in the third quarter 2012 and a full-year of operations in 2013 as some of the coastal straddle plants were not operational in 2012 after hurricane isaac. operational issues at vesco included the impact of damage to one of the two third-party pipelines that provide ngl takeaway capacity for vesco which constrained ngl production until repairs were completed in june 2013.
operating expenses were relatively flat.
logistics and marketing segments logistics assets
operating expenses (1)                    168.2              125.9               97.7              42.3                  34   %             28.2                  29   %
operating margin                         $445.1             $282.3             $188.3            $162.8                  58   %            $94.0                  50   %
operating statistics mbbl/d(2):
(1)   fractionation and treating contracts include pricing terms composed of base fees and fuel and power components which vary with the cost of energy. as such, the logistics segment results include effects of variable energy costs that impact both gross margin and operating expenses.
(2)   segment operating statistics include intersegment amounts, which have been eliminated from the consolidated presentation. for all volume statistics presented, the numerator is the total volume sold during the year and the denominator is the number of calendar days during the year.
(3)   fractionation volumes reflect those volumes delivered and settled under fractionation contracts.
logistics assets gross margin was significantly higher due to increased lpg export activity and increased fractionation activities, despite the increasing impact of ethane rejection.  lpg export volumes, which benefit both the logistics assets and marketing and distribution segments, averaged 177 mbbl/d in 2014 compared to 67 mbbl/d for 2013.  this increase was driven by phase i of our international export expansion project coming on-line in september 2013 and phase ii coming on-line during the second quarter and third quarter of 2014. higher fractionation volumes were primarily due to cbf train 4 which became operational in the third quarter of 2013. treating volumes improved in 2014 compared to 2013 due to higher customer throughput. terminaling and storage activity also increased, and capacity reservation fees were higher.
higher operating expenses reflect the expansion of our export and fractionation facilities, and increased fuel and power costs. partially offsetting these factors were higher system product gains in 2014.
gross margin increased primarily due to fractionation operations and lpg export activity. the lower year-to-date 2013 fractionation volumes were due to the planned maintenance turnaround at the cedar bayou facility, ethane rejection at certain gas processing plants and pipeline operating issues at non-partnership facilities. improvements in 2013 resulted from higher fractionation fees, cbf train 4 which commenced commercial operations during the third quarter of 2013 and higher contractual capacity reservation fees. gross margin results also include the impact of higher pass-through fuel costs. lpg export volumes, which benefit both the logistics assets and marketing and distribution segments, averaged 67 mbbl/d in 2013, compared to 32 mbbl/d for the previous year. the higher volumes reflect a significant increase in ongoing lpg export activity primarily due to our international export expansion project, which was placed into service in september 2013. terminaling rates per unit volume were also higher and storage revenues increased due to increased rates and new customers. gross margin for 2013 also benefitted from the renewable fuels project in our petroleum logistics business.
the increase in operating expenses primarily reflects increased power and fuel prices; expenses related to the start-up and operations of train 4 at cbf and increased maintenance costs, partially offset by higher system product gains.
marketing and distribution
operating expenses                   48.4               43.3               38.1                 5.1                  12   %             5.2                  14   %
operating margin                   $249.6             $141.9             $116.0              $107.7                  76   %           $25.9                  22   %
operating statistics (1):
(1)   segment operating statistics include intersegment amounts, which have been eliminated from the consolidated presentation. for all volume statistics presented, the numerator is the total volume sold during the applicable reporting period and the denominator is the number of calendar days during the applicable reporting period.
marketing and distribution gross margin increased primarily due to higher lpg export activity (which benefits both logistics assets and marketing and distribution segments), higher wholesale and ngl marketing activities, higher terminal activity, higher barge utilization including increased barge fleet, and increased refinery services.  gross margin was partially offset by lower truck utilization and a reduced benefit associated with a contract settlement.
operating expenses increased primarily due to higher terminal activity, higher barge and railcar utilization partially offset by lower truck utilization.
gross margin increased primarily due to significantly higher terminaling fees from lpg export activity (which benefit both the logistics assets and marketing and distribution segments). the favorable impacts of higher barge and wholesale terminal utilization and higher wholesale margins were offset by lower natural gas marketing processing opportunities during 2013.
operating expenses increased primarily due to higher barge and truck utilization and increased terminal operating costs.
operating margin       $(8.0     )         $21.4             $41.1           $(29.4            )   $(19.7            )
other contains the financial effects of the partnership's hedging program on operating margin as it represents the cash settlements on derivative hedge contracts and mark-to-market gains and losses on its derivative contracts not designated as hedges. the primary purpose of the commodity risk management activities is to mitigate a portion of the impact of commodity prices on the partnership's operating cash flow. the partnership has hedged the commodity price associated with a portion of its expected (i) natural gas equity volumes in field gathering and processing operations and (ii) ngl and condensate equity volumes predominately in field gathering and processing as well as in the lou portion of the coastal gathering and processing operations that result from their percent of proceeds or liquids processing arrangements by entering into derivative instruments. because the partnership is essentially forward-selling a portion of its plant equity volumes, these hedge positions will move favorably in periods of falling commodity prices and unfavorably in periods of rising commodity prices.
the following table provides a breakdown of the change in other operating margin:
ineffectiveness (4)                                                                       0.1                                                                                           0.1                                                                                (0.1   )
(1)   the price spread is the differential between the contracted derivative instrument pricing and the price of the corresponding settled commodity transaction.
(3)   mark-to-market income (loss) associated with derivative contracts that are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes.
(4)   ineffectiveness primarily relates to certain crude hedging contracts.
our liquidity and capital resources we have no separate, direct operating activities apart from those conducted by the partnership. as such, our ability to finance our operations, including payment of dividends to our common stockholders, funding capital expenditures and acquisitions, or to meet our indebtedness obligations, will depend on cash inflows from future cash distributions to us from our interests in the partnership. the partnership is required to distribute all available cash at the end of each quarter after establishing reserves to provide for the proper conduct of its business or to provide for future distributions. see "part i - item 1a. risk factors." as of december 31, 2014, our interests in the partnership consisted of the following:
•   a 2% general partner interest, which we hold through our 100% ownership interest in the general partner of the partnership;
•   all of the outstanding idrs; and
•   12,945,659 of the 118,586,056 outstanding common units of the partnership, representing a 10.9% limited partnership interest.
our future cash flows will consist of distributions to us from our interests in the partnership. these cash distributions to us should provide sufficient resources to fund our operations, long-term debt obligations and tax obligations for at least the next twelve months. based on the anticipated levels of distributions from the partnership that we expect to receive, we also expect that we will be able to fund the projected quarterly cash dividends to our stockholders for the next twelve months.
the impact on us of changes in the partnership's distribution levels will vary depending on several factors, including the partnership's total outstanding partnership interests on the record date for the distribution, the aggregate cash distributions made by the partnership and the interests in the partnership owned by us. if the partnership increases distributions to its unitholders, including us, we would expect to increase dividends to our stockholders, although the timing and amount of such increased dividends, if any, will not necessarily be comparable to the timing and amount of the increase in distributions made by the partnership. in addition, the level of distributions we receive and of dividends we pay to our stockholders may be affected by the various risks associated with an investment in us and the underlying business of the partnership. please read "part i - item 1a. risk factors" for more information about the risks that may impact your investment in us.
our liquidity as of january 31, 2015 was:
as of january 31, 2015
total availability under trc's credit facility                                 150.0
less: outstanding borrowings under trc's credit facility                      (108.0   )
less: borrowings under trc senior secured term loan                                -
the partnership's liquidity and capital resources the partnership's ability to finance its operations, including funding capital expenditures and acquisitions, meeting its indebtedness obligations, refinancing its indebtedness and meeting its collateral requirements, will depend on its ability to generate cash in the future. the partnership's ability to generate cash is subject to a number of factors, some of which are beyond its control. these include weather, commodity prices (particularly for natural gas and ngls) and ongoing efforts to manage operating costs and maintenance capital expenditures, as well as general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors.
the partnership's main sources of liquidity and capital resources are internally generated cash flow from operations, borrowings under the trp revolver, borrowings under the securitization facility, the issuance of additional common units and access to debt markets. the capital markets continue to experience volatility. the partnership's exposure to current credit conditions includes its credit facilities, cash investments and counterparty performance risks. the partnership continually monitors its liquidity and the credit markets, as well as events and circumstances surrounding each of the lenders to the trp revolver and securitization facility.
the partnership's liquidity as of january 31, 2015 was:
as of january 31, 2015
total availability under the trp revolver                                    1,200.0
total availability under the securitization facility                           236.2
less:outstanding borrowings under the trp revolver                                 -
outstanding borrowings under the securitization facility                           -
outstanding letters of credit under the trp revolver                           (41.7   )
other potential capital resources include:
·   the partnership is in the process of seeking an amendment to the trp revolver to increase the facility size to approximately $1.6 billion from $1.2 billion and will maintain the right to request an additional $300 million in commitment increases. the amended trp revolver will continue to be due on october 3, 2017.
·   approximately $158.4 million in remaining capacity as of december 31, 2014 to issue common units pursuant to the may 2014 eda (see notes 10 and 11 of the "consolidated financial statements).
·   the partnership's ability to issue debt or equity securities pursuant to shelf registration statements, including availability under the partnership's july 2013 shelf and unlimited amounts under the partnership's april 2013 shelf.
a portion of the partnership's capital resources may be allocated to letters of credit to satisfy certain counterparty credit requirements. while the partnership's credit ratings have improved over time, these letters of credit reflect its non-investment grade status, as assigned to the partnership by moody's and s&p. they also reflect certain counterparties' views of its financial condition and ability to satisfy its performance obligations, as well as commodity prices and other factors.
pending atlas mergers on october 13, 2014, we and the partnership announced two proposed merger transactions which would result in the partnership's acquisition of apl, a delaware limited partnership, and our acquisition of atls, a delaware limited partnership which owns the apl general partner. upon consummation of these mergers, we would relinquish the apl general partner and idr ownership interests and merge the apl general partner into the partnership. each of the transactions is contingent on one another, and the transactions are expected to close concurrently on february 28, 2015, subject to the approval of targa's stock issuance in connection with the atls merger by targa's stockholders and the approval of the atlas mergers by unitholders of atls and apl, as applicable, and other customary closing conditions.
apl merger as merger consideration for the apl merger, holders of apl common units (other than certain common units held by the partnership or apl or their wholly owned subsidiaries, which will be cancelled) will be entitled to receive 0.5846 of the partnership's common units and a one-time cash payment of $1.26 for each apl common unit. the partnership will also redeem apl's class e preferred units for an aggregate amount of $126.5 million in cash. as of february 5, 2015, the total apl merger consideration would be valued at $5.0 billion. the portion of the merger consideration represented by the partnership's common units will fluctuate in value until the closing date as a result of fluctuations in the market price of its common units.
in connection with the apl merger, targa has agreed to reduce its incentive distribution rights for the four years following closing by fixed amounts of $37.5 million, $25.0 million, $10.0 million and $5.0 million, respectively. these annual amounts will be applied in equal quarterly installments for each successive four quarter period following closing.
atls merger atls holds the general partner's interest in apl as well as incentive distribution rights and 5.5% limited partner interest. under the terms of the atls merger, each existing holder of common units of atls, after giving effect to the spin-off of non-midstream assets, will be entitled to receive 0.1809 of our common shares and a cash payment of $9.12 for each atls common unit, which equates to 10.35 million shares of our common stock and $522 million in cash payments. additionally, we will provide atls with $88 million of cash for the repayment of a portion of the atls outstanding indebtedness and fund approximately $190 million related to change of control payments payable by atls. as of february 5, 2015, the total atls merger consideration would be valued at $1.6 billion. the portion of the merger consideration represented by our common shares will fluctuate in value until the closing date as a result of fluctuations in the market price of our common shares.
pre-closing merger financing activities we have arranged committed financing of $1.1 billion to replace our existing revolving credit facility and to fund the cash components of the atls merger, including cash merger consideration and approximately $190 million related to change of control payments payable by atls and transaction fees and expenses. in january 2015, as part of a new senior secured credit facility to syndicate the $1.1 billion in committed financing, we announced the launch of a $430 million senior secured term loan maturing 7 years after closing and a $670 million revolving credit facility maturing 5 years after closing. these facilities are subject to the closing of the pending atlas mergers and market conditions.
partnership pre-closing merger financing activities in january 2015, the partnership commenced cash tender offers for any and all of the outstanding apl senior notes. these tender offers are in connection with, and conditioned upon, the consummation of the proposed merger with apl. the proposed merger with apl, however, is not conditioned on the consummation of the tender offers. each tender offer is scheduled to expire on february 18, 2015, unless extended by the partnership at its sole discretion.
under the terms of the tender offer, apl noteholders will receive $1,015 per $1,000 principal if tendered before january 29, 2015 and $985 per $1,000 principal if tendered after that date. holders of tendered apl notes will also receive accrued and unpaid interest from the most recent interest payment date on their series of apl notes.
the outstanding apl senior notes consist of:
apl senior notes       amount tendered as of february 6, 2015
$500 million 65⁄8 due 2020   less than majority
the consummation of the merger with apl will result in a change of control under the apl indenture and obligate the apl issuers to make a change of control offer at $1,010 for each $1,000 principal plus accrued and unpaid interest from the most recent interest payment date. as permitted by the apl indenture, the partnership is making a change of control offer for any and all of the 2020 apl notes in lieu of the apl issuers and in advance of, and conditioned upon, the consummation of the merger with apl. the merger, however, is not conditioned on the consummation of the change of control offer. the change of control offer is also being made independently of the partnership's previously announced tender offer for the apl notes. the change of control offer is scheduled to expire on march 3, 2015, unless extended by the partnership. any 2020 apl notes that remain outstanding after consummation of the change of control offer will continue to be the obligation of the apl issuers under the governing indenture.
in january 2015, the partnership privately placed $1.1 billion in aggregate principal amount of 5% notes due 2018 (the "5% notes"). the 5% notes resulted in approximately $1,090.8 million of net proceeds, which will be used together with borrowings from the trp revolver, to fund the apl notes tender offers and the change of control offers for the apl notes pursuant to the indentures governing the 2020 apl notes the 2021 apl notes and the 2023 apl notes. the partnership expects to finance the cash portion of the apl merger with borrowings under the partnership's revolver.
in january 2015, moody's assigned a ba2 rating to the partnership's 5% notes. in addition, moody's affirmed all of the partnership's credit ratings but changed the partnership's outlook from positive to stable.
pro forma effect of atlas mergers on our liquidity the following table sets forth our liquidity as of january 31, 2015 on a historical basis; and on a pro forma as adjusted basis to give effect to the following atlas merger-related items: (i) the $430 million senior secured term loan maturing 7 years after closing; (ii) the $670 million revolving credit facility that will replace its existing $150.0 million revolving credit facility; (iii) and the application of net proceeds to fund the cash merger consideration, change of control payments payable by atls and transaction fees and expenses.
as of january 31, 2015
total availability under trc's credit facility             150.0                                          670.0
less: outstanding borrowings under trc's credit facility           (108.0   )                            (464.9   )
less: borrowings under trc senior secured term loan                -                                     (430.0   )
pro forma effect of atlas mergers on the partnership's liquidity the following table sets forth the partnership's liquidity as of january 31, 2015 on a historical basis, which is inclusive of the net proceeds received on january 30, 2015 from the partnership's private placement of the 5% notes and on a pro forma as adjusted basis to give effect to following atlas merger-related items: (i) additional borrowings from the trp revolver and securitization facility; (ii) the application of net proceeds of the 5% notes and additional borrowings from the trp revolver and securitization facility to fund the tender offers received and (iii) the application of net proceeds to fund the cash merger consideration, redemption of apl class e preferred units, change of control payments payable by apl and transaction fees and expenses.
as of january 31, 2015
total availability under the trp revolver                          1,200.0                               1,200.0
total availability under the securitization facility       236.2                         236.2
less:outstanding borrowings under the trp revolver                       -                                (631.5   )
outstanding borrowings under the securitization facility                 -                                (236.2   )
outstanding letters of credit under the trp revolver                 (41.7     )                           (41.7   )
working capital working capital is the amount by which current assets exceed current liabilities. on a consolidated basis at the end of any given month, accounts receivable and payable tied to commodity sales and purchases are relatively balanced with receivables from ngl customers offset by plant settlements payable to producers. the factors that typically cause overall variability in the partnership's reported total working capital are: (1) the partnership's cash position; (2) liquids inventory levels and valuation, which the partnership closely manages; (3) changes in the fair value of the current portion of derivative contracts; and (4) major structural changes in the partnership's asset base or business operations, such as acquisitions or divestitures and certain organic growth projects.
the partnership's working capital increased $110.8 million exclusive of the impact of current debt obligations. this non-debt increase was driven by an increase in the partnership's net risk management working capital position due to changes in the forward prices of commodities, decreased capital spending due to the completion of 2013 projects, and increased ngl inventories. higher inventory volumes are primarily due to the effects of our expanding export activities and an additional build in wholesale field inventories to meet customer requirements. in addition, working capital was affected by the inclusion at december 31, 2014 of $182.8 million related to the securitization facility.
based on the partnership's anticipated levels of operations and absent any disruptive events, we believe that internally generated cash flow, borrowings available under the trp revolver and the securitization facility and proceeds from equity offerings and debt offerings should provide sufficient resources to finance its operations, capital expenditures, long-term debt obligations, collateral requirements, acquisition payments related to the atlas mergers and minimum quarterly cash distributions for at least the next twelve months.
the non-partnership working capital increased $0.7 million primarily due to higher compensation and benefits partially offset by lower federal income tax receivables for the year ended december 31, 2014.
we have incurred tax liabilities as a result of our sales of assets to the partnership. we have sufficient liquidity to satisfy the $48.8 million tax liability expected to be paid over the next 10 years.
cash flow cash flow from operating activities targa resources corp. consolidated             targa resources partners lp             trc - non-partnership
the consolidated statements of cash flows included in the historical consolidated financial statements employs the traditional indirect method of presenting cash flows from operating activities. under the indirect method, net cash provided by operating activities is derived by adjusting the net income for non-cash items related to operating activities. an alternative gaap presentation employs the direct method in which the actual cash receipts and outlays comprising cash flow are presented.
the following table displays the partnership versus non-partnership's operating cash flows using the direct method as a supplement to the presentation in the consolidated financial statements:
targa resources corp. consolidated            targa resources partners lp            trc-non partnership             targa resources corp. consolidated            targa resources partners lp          trc-non partnership               targa resources corp. consolidated            targa resources partners lp            trc-non partnership
cash flows from operating activities:
cash received from customers                                                             $8,769.4                               $8,769.5                          $(0.1   )                                   $6,388.0                               $6,388.3          $(0.3                   )                                   $5,948.7                               $5,948.9                          $(0.2   )
operating expenses                                                                          402.6                                  402.5                            0.1                                          377.4                                  377.3          0.1                                                            339.9                                  339.6                            0.3
interest paid, net of amounts capitalized (2)                                               133.8                                  131.0                            2.8                                          121.7                                  119.1          2.6                                                             95.5                                   92.5                            3.0
income taxes paid, net of refunds                                                            73.4                                    2.7                           70.7                                           35.7                                    2.3          33.4                                                            31.8                                    2.2                           29.6
net cash provided by operating activities                                                  $761.8                                 $838.5                         $(76.7   )                                     $382.7                                 $411.4          $(28.7                  )                                     $428.2                                 $465.4                         $(37.2   )
(2)   net of capitalized interest paid of $16.1 million, $28.0 million and $13.6 million included in investing activities for the years ended 2014, 2013 and 2012.
cash flow from operating activities - partnership higher natural gas prices, sales and logistics fees related to export activities and higher ngl production volumes contributed to increased cash collections in 2014 compared to 2013 ($2,381.2 million), as well as higher cash payments to producers for commodity products ($1,903.7 million). the change in cash received related to derivatives reflects a net outflow of $4.9 million in 2014 compared to a net inflow in 2013 of $20.9 million due to the prices paid to counterparties compared to the fixed price the partnership received on those derivative contracts. lower cash general and administrative expenses were mainly due to the lower cash settlements on trc long term incentive plan costs in 2014 versus 2013 ($11.6 million). the increase in other cash payments during 2014 reflects transaction costs related to the atls mergers ($4.7 million).
higher natural gas prices, higher plant throughput volumes and increased export activities contributed to increased cash collections in 2013 compared to 2012 ($439.4 million). these factors also caused higher cash payments to producers and purchases of commodity products ($391.9 million). the change in cash received related to derivatives reflects higher commodity prices paid to counterparties compared to the fixed price the partnership received on those derivative contracts ($26.4 million). the decrease in other cash payments during 2013 was mainly attributable to the fees related to the badlands acquisition paid in 2012 ($6.6 million).
cash flow from investing activities targa resources corp. consolidated             targa resources partners lp             trc - non-partnership
cash flow from investing activities - partnership the decrease in net cash used in investing activities for 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to lower cash outlays for capital expansion projects of $251.4 million.
the decrease in net cash used in investing activities for 2013 compared to 2012 was primarily due to a decrease in outlays for business acquisitions of $996.2 million and the absence of capital calls in 2013 at gcf ($16.8 million in 2012), partially offset by an increase in current capital expansion projects of $413.9 million and the purchase of material and supplies of $17.7 million related to our badlands expansion.
cash flow from financing activities targa resources corp. consolidated             targa resources partners lp             trc - non-partnership
cash flow from financing activities - partnership the decrease in net cash provided by financing activities for 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to lower net borrowings under the partnership's debt facilities ($448.2 million), an increase in distributions to owners ($98.1 million), and a decrease in proceeds from equity offerings ($115.1 million).
the decrease in net cash provided by financing activities for 2013 compared to 2012 was primarily due to a lower net borrowing under the trp revolver ($347.0 million), lower issuance of senior notes ($375.0 million) and an increase in distributions to owners ($111.6 million), offset by higher net borrowings under the securitization facility ($279.7 million).
cash flow financing activities - non-partnership the increase in net cash provided by financing activities for 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to an increase in distributions received of $42.9 million, an increase in net borrowings under trc's senior secured revolving credit facility ("trc revolver") of $16.0 million, partially offset by an increase in dividends paid of $25.2 million.
financing activities provided a net source of cash in 2013 compared to an outflow in 2012 primarily due to the purchase in 2012 of partnership units for $47.0 million and an increase in distributions received of $45.6 million and an increase in borrowings on the trc revolver of $8.8 million, partially offset by an increase in dividends paid of $25.6 million.
capital requirements the partnership's capital requirements relate to capital expenditures, which are classified as expansion expenditures, maintenance expenditures or business acquisitions. expansion capital expenditures improve the service capability of the existing assets, extend asset useful lives, increase capacities from existing levels, add capabilities, reduce costs or enhance revenues, and fund acquisitions of businesses or assets. maintenance capital expenditures are those expenditures that are necessary to maintain the service capability of the partnership's existing assets, including the replacement of system components and equipment, which are worn, obsolete or completing their useful life, and expenditures to remain in compliance with environmental laws and regulations.  non-partnership currently does not have any capital expenditures.
targa resources corp. consolidated            targa resources partners lp          trc - non-partnership              targa resources corp. consolidated            targa resources partners lp          trc - non-partnership              targa resources corp. consolidated            targa resources partners lp            trc - non-partnership
capital expenditures:
business acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                                                              $-                                     $-          $-                                                                 $-                                     $-          $-                                                             $996.2                                 $996.2                               $-
maintenance                                                                                                            79.1                                   79.1                       -                                                   79.9                                   79.9                       -                                                   76.3                                   76.0                              0.3
gross capital expenditures                                                                                            747.8                                  747.8                       -                                                1,034.5                                1,034.5                       -                                                1,613.2                                1,612.9                              0.3
decrease (increase) in capital project payables and accruals                                                           19.0                                   19.0                       -                                                   (0.4   )                               (0.4   )                   -                                                  (34.3   )                              (34.4   )                          0.1
cash outlays for capital projects                                                                                    $762.2                                 $762.2          $-                                                           $1,013.6                               $1,013.6          $-                                                           $1,578.9                               $1,578.5                             $0.4
(1)   excludes cash calls to the partnership's affiliate of $16.8 million during 2012 to fund the gcf expansion project. cash calls are reflected in investment in unconsolidated affiliate in cash flows from investing activities on our consolidated statements of cash flows in our "consolidated financial statements."
the partnership estimates that its total growth capital expenditures for 2015 will be approximately $490 to $675 million on a gross basis (exclusive of increased capital spending resulting from the pending apl merger). given the partnership's objective of growth through acquisitions, expansions of existing assets and other internal growth projects, it anticipates that over time that it will invest significant amounts of capital to grow and acquire assets. future expansion capital expenditures may vary significantly based on investment opportunities. the partnership expects to fund future capital expenditures with funds generated from its operations, borrowings under the trp revolver and the securitization facility and proceeds from issuances of additional equity and debt securities. major organic growth projects for 2015 are discussed in "item 1. business-organic growth projects."
credit facilities and long-term debt the following table summarizes our debt obligations as of december 31, 2014 (in millions):
we consolidate the debt of the partnership with that of our own; however, we do not have the contractual obligation to make interest or principal payments with respect to the debt of the partnership. our debt obligations do not restrict the ability of the partnership to make distributions to us. trc's credit agreement has restrictions and covenants that may limit our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. see note 10 of the "consolidated financial statements" beginning on page f-1 of this annual report for more information of the restrictions and covenants in trc's credit agreement.
compliance with debt covenants as of december 31, 2014, both we and the partnership were in compliance with the covenants contained in our various debt agreements.
trc revolving credit agreement in october 2012, we entered into a credit agreement that replaced our variable rate senior secured revolving credit facility due july 2014 with a new variable rate senior secured credit facility due october 3, 2017 (the "trc revolver"). the trc revolver increases available commitments to $150.0 million from $75.0 million, allows us to request up to an additional $100.0 million in commitment increases and includes a $30.0 million swing line sub-facility. outstanding letters of credit and related outstanding reimbursement obligations may not exceed $50.0 million in the aggregate.
in 2012, we incurred a charge of $0.2 million related to a partial write-off of debt issue costs associated with the previous credit facility as a result of a change in syndicate members under the new trc revolver. the remaining deferred debt issue costs along with the issue costs associated with the october 2012 amendment are amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the trc revolver.
the trc revolver bears interest, at our option, at either (a) a base rate equal to the highest of the prime rate of deutsche bank trust company americas, the administrative agent, the federal funds rate plus 0.5% and the one-month libor rate plus 1.0%, plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.75% to 2.5% (dependent upon the company's consolidated leverage ratio), or (b) the libor rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 2.75% to 3.5% (dependent upon the company's consolidated leverage ratio).
we are required to pay a commitment fee ranging from 0.375% to 0.5% (dependent upon the company's consolidated leverage ratio) on the daily average unused portion of the trc revolver. additionally, issued and undrawn letters of credit bear interest at an applicable ranging from 2.75% to 3.5% (dependent upon the company's consolidated leverage ratio).
the trc revolver is secured by substantially all of the company's assets. the trc revolver requires us to maintain a consolidated leverage ratio (the ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated adjusted ebitda) of no more than 4.00 to 1.00. the trc revolver restricts our ability to make dividends to shareholders if, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such dividend, (a) any default or event of default has occurred and is continuing or (b) our consolidated leverage ratio exceeds 4.00 to 1.00. in addition, the trc revolver includes various covenants that may limit, among other things, our ability to incur indebtedness, grant liens, make investments, repay or amend the terms of certain other indebtedness, merge or consolidate, sell assets, and engage in transactions with affiliates.
in 2012, the partnership incurred a $1.7 million loss related to a partial write-off of debt issue costs associated with the previous credit facility as a result of a change in syndicate members under the new trp revolver. the remaining deferred debt issue costs along with the issue costs associated with the october 2012 amendment are amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the trp revolver.
the trp revolver bears interest, at the partnership's option, either at the base rate or the eurodollar rate.  the base rate is equal to the highest of: (i) bank of america's prime rate; (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.5%; or (iii) the one-month libor rate plus 1.0%, plus an applicable margin ranging from 0.75% to 1.75% (dependent on the partnership's ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated adjusted ebitda). the eurodollar rate is equal to libor rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.75% to 2.75% (dependent on the partnership's ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated adjusted ebitda).
the partnership is required to pay a commitment fee equal to an applicable rate ranging from 0.3% to 0.5% (dependent on the partnership's ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated adjusted ebitda) times the actual daily average unused portion of the trp revolver. additionally, issued and undrawn letters of credit bear interest at an applicable rate ranging from 1.75% to 2.75% (dependent on the partnership's ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated adjusted ebitda).
the trp revolver is collateralized by a majority of the partnership's assets. borrowings are guaranteed by the partnership's restricted subsidiaries.
the trp revolver restricts the partnership's ability to make distributions of available cash to unitholders if a default or an event of default (as defined in the trp revolver) exists or would result from such distribution. the trp revolver requires the partnership to maintain a ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated adjusted ebitda of no more than 5.50 to 1.00. the trp revolver also requires the partnership to maintain a ratio of consolidated ebitda to consolidated interest expense of no less than 2.25 to 1.00. in addition, the trp revolver contains various covenants that may limit, among other things, the partnership's ability to incur indebtedness, grant liens, make investments, repay or amend the terms of certain other indebtedness, merge or consolidate, sell assets, and engage in transactions with affiliates (in each case, subject to the partnership's right to incur indebtedness or grant liens in connection with, and convey accounts receivable as part of, a permitted receivables financing).
the partnership's senior unsecured notes in january 2012, the partnership privately placed $400.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 63⁄8% notes, resulting in approximately $395.5 million of net proceeds, which were used to reduce borrowings under the trp revolver and for general partnership purposes.
in october 2012, $400.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 51⁄4% notes were issued by the partnership at 99.5% of the face amount, resulting in gross proceeds of $398.0 million. an additional $200.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 51⁄4% notes were issued in december 2012 at 101.0% of the face amount, resulting in gross proceeds of $202.0 million. both issuances are treated as a single class of debt securities and have identical terms.
in november 2012, the partnership redeemed all of the outstanding 81⁄4% notes at a redemption price of 104.125% plus accrued interest through the redemption date. the redemption resulted in a premium paid on the redemption of $8.6 million, which is included as a cash outflow from financing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows, and a write off of $2.5 million of unamortized debt issue costs.
in may 2013, the partnership privately placed $625.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 41⁄4% notes. the 41⁄4% notes resulted in approximately $618.1 million of net proceeds, which were used to reduce borrowings under the trp revolver and for general partnership purposes.
in june 2013, the partnership paid $106.4 million plus accrued interest, which included a premium of $6.4 million, to redeem $100.0 million of the outstanding 63⁄8% notes. the redemption resulted in a $7.4 million loss on debt redemption, including the write-off of $1.0 million of unamortized debt issue costs.
in july 2013, the partnership paid $76.8 million plus accrued interest, which included a premium of $4.1 million, per the terms of the note agreement to redeem the outstanding balance of the 111⁄4% notes. the redemption resulted in a $7.4 million loss on debt redemption in the third quarter 2013, including the write-off of $1.0 million of unamortized debt issue costs.
in october 2014, the partnership privately placed $800.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 41⁄8% senior notes due 2019 (the "41⁄8% notes"). the 41⁄8% notes resulted in approximately $790.8 million of net proceeds, which were used to reduce borrowings under the trp revolver and securitization facility and for general partnership purposes.
in november 2014, the partnership redeemed the outstanding 77⁄8% notes at a price of 103.938% plus accrued interest through the redemption date. the redemption resulted in a $12.4 million loss on redemption for the year ended 2014, consisting of premiums paid of $9.9 million and a non-cash loss to write-off $2.5 million of unamortized debt issue costs.
the terms of the senior unsecured notes outstanding as of december 31, 2014 were as follows:
"41⁄8% notes"   october 2014                         41⁄8%   november 15, 2019   may &amp; november 15th all issues of unsecured senior notes are obligations that rank pari passu in right of payment with existing and future senior indebtedness, including indebtedness under the trp revolver. they are senior in right of payment to any of the partnership's future subordinated indebtedness and are unconditionally guaranteed by the partnership. these notes are effectively subordinated to all secured indebtedness under the trp revolver, which is secured by a majority of its assets and the partnership's securitization facility, which is secured by accounts receivable pledged under it, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness. interest on all issues of senior unsecured notes is payable semi-annually in arrears.
the partnership's senior unsecured notes and associated indenture agreements restrict its ability to make distributions to unitholders in the event of default (as defined in the indentures). the indentures also restrict the partnership's ability and the ability of certain of the partnership's subsidiaries to: (i) incur additional debt or enter into sale and leaseback transactions; (ii) pay certain distributions on or repurchase equity interests (only if such distributions do not meet specified conditions); (iii) make certain investments; (iv) incur liens; (v) enter into transactions with affiliates; (vi) merge or consolidate with another company; and (vii) transfer and sell assets. these covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. if at any time when the notes are rated investment grade by both moody's and s&p (or rated investment grade by either moody's or s&p for the 63⁄8% notes, 51⁄4% notes, 41⁄4% notes and 41⁄8% notes) and no default or event of default (each as defined in the indentures) has occurred and is continuing, many of such covenants will terminate and we will cease to be subject to such covenants.
accounts receivable securitization facility the securitization facility provides up to $300.0 million of borrowing capacity at libor market index rates plus a margin through december 11, 2015. under the securitization facility, two of the partnership's consolidated subsidiaries (targa liquids marketing and trade llc ("tlmt") and targa gas marketing llc ("tgm")) sell or contribute receivables, without recourse, to another of its consolidated subsidiaries (targa receivables llc or "trllc"), a special purpose consolidated subsidiary created for the sole purpose of the securitization facility. trllc, in turn, sells an undivided percentage ownership in the eligible receivables to a third-party financial institution. receivables up to the amount of the outstanding debt under the securitization facility are not available to satisfy the claims of the creditors of tlmt, tgm or the partnership. any excess receivables are eligible to satisfy the claims of creditors of tlmt, tgm or the partnership. as of december 31, 2014, total funding under the securitization facility was $182.8 million.
off-balance sheet arrangements we currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined by the sec. see "contractual obligations" below and "commitments (leases)" included in note 17 of our "consolidated financial statements" beginning on page f-1 of this annual report for a discussion of our commitments and contingencies.
contractual obligations in addition to disclosures related to debt and lease obligations, contained in notes 10 and 16 of the "consolidated financial statements" beginning on page f-1 of this annual report, the following is a summary of certain contractual obligations over the next several years:
(in millions, except volumetric information)
operating leases (3)                                          7.6                     2.4                     5.2                    -                       -
operating leases (3)                                         34.4                     7.7                    13.3                     7.9             5.5
land site lease and right-of-way (4)                          9.5                     2.0                     4.0                     3.5                    -
pipeline capacity and throughput agreements (6)             255.7                    26.6                    55.0                   124.9             49.2
purchase commitments and service contract (8)               499.0                   497.8                     1.2                    -                       -
ngl and petroleum products (millions of gallons)             23.0                    23.0                       -                    -                       -
(1)   represents scheduled future maturities of consolidated debt obligations for the periods indicated.
(3)   includes minimum payments on lease obligations for office space, railcars and tractors.
(4)   land site lease and right-of-way provides for surface and underground access for gathering, processing and distribution assets that are located on property not owned by us. these agreements expire at various dates, with varying terms, some of which are perpetual.
(5)   a purchase obligation represents an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable, legally binding and specifies all significant terms, including: fixed minimum or variable prices provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction.
(6)   consists of pipeline capacity payments for firm transportation and throughput and deficiency agreements.
(7)   includes natural gas and ngl purchase commitments. contracts that will be settled at future spot prices are valued using prices as of december 31, 2014.
(8)   includes commitments for capital expenditures, operating expenses and service contracts.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. actual results could differ from these estimates. the policies and estimates discussed below are considered by management to be critical to an understanding of our financial statements because their application requires the most significant judgments from management in estimating matters for financial reporting that are inherently uncertain. see the description of our accounting policies in the notes to the financial statements for additional information about our critical accounting policies and estimates.
property, plant and equipment and intangibles in general, depreciation and amortization is the systematic and rational allocation of an asset's cost, less its residual value (if any), to the period it benefits. our and the partnership's property, plant and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. the estimate of depreciation incorporates assumptions regarding the useful economic lives and residual values of our assets. amortization expense attributable to intangible assets is recorded in a manner that closely resembles the expected pattern in which the partnership benefits from services provided to its customers. at the time assets are placed in service, we believe such assumptions are reasonable; however, circumstances may develop that would cause us to change these assumptions, which would change our depreciation/amortization amounts prospectively. examples of such circumstances include:
•   changes in energy prices;
•   changes in competition;
•   changes in laws and regulations that limit the estimated economic life of an asset;
•   changes in technology that render an asset obsolete;
•   changes in expected salvage values; and
•   changes in the forecast life of applicable resources basins.
we and the partnership evaluate long-lived assets, including related intangibles, of identifiable business activities for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate, in management's judgment, that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. as a result of this evaluation, the carrying value of gas processing facilities in the coastal gathering and processing segment and other was reduced by $7.3 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 as a result of reduced forecasted gas processing volumes due to market conditions and processing spreads in louisiana in the fourth quarter of 2014. these carrying value adjustments are included in depreciation and amortization expenses on our consolidated statements of operations. there have been no other significant changes impacting long-lived assets.
revenue recognition the partnership's operating revenues are primarily derived from the following activities:
•   sales of natural gas, ngls, condensate and petroleum products;
•   services related to compressing, gathering, treating, and processing of natural gas;
•   services related to gathering, storing and terminaling of crude oil; and
•   services related to ngl fractionation, terminaling and storage, transportation and treating.
we recognize revenues when all of the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an exchange arrangement exists, if applicable; (2) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered; (3) the price is fixed or determinable and (4) collectability is reasonably assured.
price risk management (hedging)
the partnership's net income and cash flows are subject to volatility stemming from changes in commodity prices and interest rates. to reduce the volatility of our cash flows, the partnership has entered into derivative financial instruments related to a portion of its equity volumes to manage the purchase and sales prices of commodities. we are exposed to the credit risk of the partnership's counterparties in these derivative financial instruments. we also monitor ngl inventory levels with a view to mitigating losses related to downward price exposure.
the partnership's cash flow is affected by the derivative financial instruments it enters into to the extent these instruments are settled by (i) making or receiving a payment to/from the counterparty or (ii) making or receiving a payment for entering into a contract that exactly offsets the original derivative financial instrument. typically a derivative financial instrument is settled when the physical transaction that underlies the derivative financial instrument occurs.
one of the primary factors that can affect the partnership's operating results each period is the price assumptions used to value the partnership's derivative financial instruments, which are reflected at their fair values in the balance sheet. the relationship between the derivative financial instruments and the hedged item must be highly effective in achieving the offset of changes in cash flows attributable to the hedged risk both at the inception of the derivative financial instrument and on an ongoing basis. hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively when a derivative financial instrument becomes ineffective. gains and losses deferred in other comprehensive income related to cash flow hedges for which hedge accounting has been discontinued remain deferred until the forecasted transaction occurs. if it is probable that a hedged forecasted transaction will not occur, deferred gains or losses on the derivative financial instrument are reclassified to earnings immediately.
the estimated fair value of the partnership's derivative financial instruments was a net asset of $55.0 million as of december 31, 2014, net of an adjustment for credit risk. the credit risk adjustment is based on the default probabilities by year as indicated by the counterparties' credit default swap transactions. these default probabilities have been applied to the unadjusted fair values of the derivative financial instruments to arrive at the credit risk adjustment, which is immaterial for all periods covered by this annual report. the partnership has an active credit management process which is focused on controlling loss exposure to bankruptcies or other liquidity issues of counterparties.
use of estimates when preparing financial statements in conformity with gaap, management must make estimates and assumptions based on information available at the time. these estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. estimates and judgments are based on information available at the time such estimates and judgments are made. adjustments made with respect to the use of these estimates and judgments often relate to information not previously available. uncertainties with respect to such estimates and judgments are inherent in the preparation of financial statements. estimates and judgments are used in, among other things, (1) estimating unbilled revenues, product purchases and operating and general and administrative costs, (2) developing fair value assumptions, including estimates of future cash flows and discount rates, (3) analyzing long-lived assets for possible impairment, (4) estimating the useful lives of assets and (5) determining amounts to accrue for contingencies, guarantees and indemnifications. actual results, therefore, could differ materially from estimated amounts.
recent accounting pronouncements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements that will affect us, see "recent accounting pronouncements" included under note 3 of our "consolidated financial statements."