Our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements due to various factors that could adversely affect our operations, performance, and financial condition. If we cannot continue to develop, acquire, market, and offer new products and services or enhancements to existing products and services that meet customer requirements, our operating results could suffer. The process of developing and acquiring new technology products and services and enhancing existing offerings is complex, costly, and uncertain. If we fail to anticipate customers' rapidly changing needs and expectations or adapt to emerging technological trends, our market share and results of operations could suffer. We must make long-term investments, develop, acquire, or obtain appropriate intellectual property, and commit significant resources before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reflect customer demand for our products and services. Our competitive position and results of operations could be harmed if we do not compete effectively. The markets for our products and services are characterized by intense competition, new industry standards, evolving distribution models, limited barriers to entry, disruptive technology developments, short product life cycles, customer price sensitivity, and frequent product introductions. Any of these factors could create downward pressure on pricing and gross margins and could adversely affect our renewal and upsell and cross-sell rates, as well as our ability to attract new customers. Our future success will depend on our continued ability to enhance and integrate our existing products and services, introduce new products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, meet changing customer expectations and needs, extend our core technology into new applications, and anticipate emerging standards, business models, software delivery methods, and other technological developments. We rely on data centers managed both by Adobe and third parties to host and deliver our services, and any interruptions or delays in these hosted services could expose us to liability and harm our business and reputation. A disruption, infiltration, or failure of these systems or third-party hosted services in the event of a major earthquake, fire, flood, tsunami, or other catastrophic event could cause system interruptions, reputational harm, loss of intellectual property, delays in our product development, and lengthy interruptions in our services. Our corporate headquarters and critical business operations are located in areas vulnerable to natural disasters, and any such event could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to the continued timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of past or future investments or acquisitions, and integration of acquisitions may disrupt our business and management. Our ability to collect and report data may be delayed or interrupted by a number of factors, including access to the internet, the failure of our network or software systems, security breaches, or significant variability in visitor traffic on customer websites. We face various risks associated with operating as a multinational corporation, including international and regional economic, political, and labor conditions, changes in laws governing the free flow of data across international borders, and the imposition of governmental economic sanctions on countries in which we do business. We cannot provide assurance that our employees, contractors, agents, and business partners will not take actions in violation of our internal policies or U.S. laws, which may adversely affect our operations and financial results.