Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events, including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans may not be successful in preventing or mitigating the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. A disruption of our data centers could have a materially adverse effect on our business. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems. If any of these systems fails to operate properly or becomes disabled even for a brief period of time, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions, and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and we are continuously in the process of reviewing, upgrading, and enhancing certain of our policies and procedures. However, there can be no assurance that our employees, consultants, or agents will not take actions in violation of our policies for which we may be ultimately responsible, or that our policies and procedures will be adequate or will be determined to be adequate by regulators. Any violations of applicable laws or regulations could limit certain of our business activities until they are satisfactorily remediated and could result in civil and criminal penalties, including fines, that could damage our reputation and have a materially adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Nonetheless, globally, attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity, and sophistication, and we are regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics, code, and viruses. Although this is a global problem, it may affect our businesses more than other businesses because malevolent third parties may focus on the amount and type of personal and business information that our businesses collect, host, use, transmit, and store. We have programs in place to prevent, detect, and respond to data security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, we may be unable or fail to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate or timely preventive or responsive measures. As these threats continue to evolve and increase, we may be required to invest significant additional resources to modify and enhance our information security and controls and to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. Our business could be negatively impacted as a result of actions by activist stockholders or others. Responding to such actions could be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our business and operations, and divert the attention of our board of directors and senior management from the pursuit of our business strategies. We believe that our focus on these areas will continue to drive our growth and success in the future.