The following risk factors could materially and adversely affect Applied's business, financial condition, or results of operations and cause reputational harm. As a supplier to the global semiconductor and display industries, Applied is subject to variable industry conditions, as demand for manufacturing equipment and services can change depending on several factors, including the nature and timing of technology inflections and advances in fabrication processes. Applied must accurately forecast demand and effectively manage its resources and production capacity across its businesses, and may incur unexpected or additional costs to align its business operations. During periods of increasing demand, Applied must have sufficient manufacturing capacity and inventory to meet customer demand and effectively manage its supply chain. During periods of decreasing demand, Applied must reduce costs and align its cost structure with prevailing market conditions. If Applied does not effectively manage these challenges during periods of changing demand, its business performance and results of operations may be adversely impacted. Uncertain global economic and business conditions, along with uncertainties in the financial markets, pose challenges to the industries in which Applied operates. Economic uncertainty may cause certain customers to push out, cancel, or refrain from purchasing equipment or services, which may adversely impact Applied's revenues and financial condition. The industries in which Applied operates are characterized by ongoing changes affecting demand for and the profitability of its products, including increasing capital requirements for building and operating new fabrication plants, regulatory or tax policies impacting customer investment timing, and the increasing importance of establishing and maintaining strong relationships with customers. Applied's ability to successfully expand its business into new and related markets may be adversely affected by the complexity of managing multiple businesses with variations in production planning, execution, supply chain management, and logistics. Applied's success depends in significant part on the protection of its intellectual property rights, and infringement could result in lost market opportunities. Applied is exposed to risks associated with operating a global business, including political and social attitudes, laws, regulations, and policies within countries that favor domestic companies over non-domestic companies. The ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is vital to Applied's success, and achieving this objective may be difficult due to fluctuations in global economic and industry conditions. Applied's management believes that its consolidated financial statements are fairly stated and provide a meaningful presentation of its financial condition and results of operations. Applied's future operating results depend on its ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products it provides. The company must continue to make substantial investments in research, development, and engineering to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of its customers. Applied's investments in technology must enable it to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans. The ability to effectively allocate resources between existing products and markets, the development of new products, and expanding into new and adjacent markets is critical for Applied's resilience and adaptability in a rapidly changing environment.