This report and other documents we file with the SEC contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about us, our future performance, our business, our beliefs, and our management's assumptions. Our business is also subject to risks that affect many other companies, such as employment relations, general economic conditions, geopolitical events, and international operations. Intense public scrutiny of the price of drugs and other healthcare costs continues, and greater focus on pricing and price increases may limit our ability to set or increase the price of our products based on their value. Significant consolidation in the health insurance industry has resulted in a few large insurers and PBMs exerting greater pressure in pricing and usage negotiations with drug manufacturers, significantly increasing discounts and rebates required of manufacturers and limiting patient access and usage. We believe the oncology care model has impacted utilization of certain of our oncology products by participating physician practices and may continue to do so in the future. Our ability to adequately and timely manufacture and supply our products and product candidates is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our facilities and those of our third-party contract manufacturers, which may be impacted by capacity of manufacturing facilities, labor disputes or shortages, and changes in forecasts of future demand. We have continued to provide an uninterrupted supply of medicines for patients around the world while responding to natural disasters and investing for the future. In September 2017, Hurricane Maria made landfall on the island of Puerto Rico. The hurricane caused widespread damage to the island; however, the critical manufacturing areas of our site in Juncos were not significantly impacted, and we have resumed our full manufacturing operations. We incurred $146 million of pre-tax expenses in 2017 related to Hurricane Maria. Our transformation and process improvement efforts across the company are enabling us to reallocate resources to fund many of our innovative pipeline and growth opportunities that deliver value to patients and stockholders. Our transformation has established a foundation for growth, and we are approaching the development of promising new medicines with greater understanding, speed, and confidence. Our long-term success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must develop new products over time in order to provide for revenue growth and to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or competing products are launched. Our operations and performance have been, and may continue to be, affected by global economic conditions. Financial pressures may cause government or other third-party payers to more aggressively seek cost containment measures. We believe such conditions have led and could continue to lead to reduced demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business, and results of operations. We are also confronted by increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after products launch. Rising healthcare costs and economic conditions continue to pose challenges to our business, including continued pressure by third-party payers to reduce healthcare expenditures. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical for maintaining operational continuity and organizational resilience.