The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business, results of operations or financial condition. Economic or political disruptions could cause, contribute to or be indicative of deteriorating macro-economic conditions, which in turn could negatively affect travel to or from such countries or the travel industry in general and therefore have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Unforeseen events beyond our control, such as oil prices, stock market volatility, terrorist attacks, unusual or extreme weather or natural disasters, travel-related health concerns including pandemics, political instability, changes in economic conditions, regional hostilities, and travel-related accidents, can disrupt travel or otherwise result in declines in travel demand. These events or concerns, and the full impact of their effects, are largely unpredictable, and they can dramatically and suddenly affect travel behavior by consumers, and therefore demand for our services, which can adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have experienced volatility in transaction growth rates, increased cancellation rates, and weaker trends in hotel average daily rates across many regions of the world, particularly in those countries that appear to be most affected by economic and political uncertainties. The uncertainty of macro-economic factors and their impact on consumer behavior, which may differ across regions, makes it more difficult to forecast industry and consumer trends and the timing and degree of their impact on our markets and business, which in turn could adversely affect our ability to effectively manage our business and adversely affect our results of operations. We may not be able to hire, train, retain, motivate and manage required personnel, which may limit our growth, damage our reputation, negatively affect our financial performance, and otherwise harm our business. Expansion increases the complexity of our business and places additional strain on our management, operations, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions. Our current and planned personnel, systems, procedures, and controls may not be adequate to support and effectively manage this growth and our future operations, especially as we employ personnel in multiple geographic locations around the world. We rely on performance and brand advertising channels to generate a significant amount of traffic to our websites and grow our business. We believe that maintaining and strengthening our brands are important aspects of our efforts to attract and retain customers. We have invested considerable money and resources in the establishment and maintenance of our brands, and we will continue to invest resources in brand advertising, marketing, and other brand building efforts to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, consolidation, frequent new service announcements, introductions, and enhancements, and changing consumer demands. We may not be able to keep up with these rapid changes. Our future success will depend on our ability to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, to adapt our services and online platforms to evolving industry standards, and to continually innovate and improve the performance, features, and reliability of our services and online platforms in response to competitive service offerings and the evolving demands of the marketplace. We believe that ease-of-use, comprehensive functionality, and the look and feel of our mobile apps and mobile-optimized websites are increasingly competitively critical as consumers obtain more of their travel and restaurant services through mobile devices. As a result, we intend to continue to spend significant resources maintaining, developing, and enhancing our websites and mobile platforms, including our mobile-optimized websites and mobile apps, and other technologies and platforms.