Difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments made by our investment funds and reducing the ability of our investment funds to raise or deploy capital. Our business is materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world that are outside our control, including but not limited to changes in interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls, and national and international political circumstances. These factors may affect the level and volatility of securities prices and the liquidity and the value of investments. In the event of a market downturn, each of our businesses could be affected in different ways. Turmoil in the global financial markets can provoke significant volatility of equity and debt securities prices, which can have a material and rapid impact on our mark-to-market valuations. A lack of credit resulting from turmoil in the global financial markets may materially hinder the initiation of new, large-sized transactions for our private equity and real estate segments and adversely impact our operating results. During periods of difficult market conditions or slowdowns, our funds' portfolio companies may experience adverse operating performance, decreased revenues, credit rating downgrades, financial losses, and increased funding costs. Negative financial results in our investment funds' portfolio companies may result in lower investment returns for our investment funds, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to raise new funds as well as our operating results and cash flow. Furthermore, such negative market conditions could potentially result in a portfolio company entering bankruptcy proceedings, thereby potentially resulting in a complete loss of the fund's investment in such portfolio company and a significant negative impact on the investment fund's performance. We may need to cut back or eliminate the use of certain services or service providers, or terminate the employment of a significant number of our personnel that could be important to our business. Changes in the debt financing markets could negatively impact the ability of our funds and their portfolio companies to obtain attractive financing or refinancing for their investments. Our strategic initiatives may include joint ventures, in which case we will be subject to additional risks and uncertainties, including the possibility that we have insufficient expertise to engage in such activities profitably or without incurring inappropriate amounts of risk. The success of our strategy will depend on the availability of suitable opportunities, the level of competition from other companies, our ability to value potential development or acquisition opportunities accurately, and our ability to identify and enter into mutually beneficial relationships with venture partners. Our organizational documents do not limit our ability to enter into new lines of businesses, and we may expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, and businesses, each of which may result in additional risks and uncertainties in our businesses. We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation, and alignment of interests with investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise and maintain this culture, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. Our operating performance may also be adversely affected by our fixed costs and other expenses and the possibility that we would be unable to scale back other costs within a time frame sufficient to match any decreases in revenue relating to changes in market and economic conditions.