The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Our services involve the storage and transmission of our customers' and our customers' customers' proprietary and other sensitive data. While we have security measures in place, they may be breached as a result of efforts by individuals or groups of hackers, including state-sponsored organizations. Our internal IT systems continue to evolve, and we are often early adopters of new technologies, which increases the complexity of our IT systems. These risks are mitigated by our ability to maintain and improve business and data governance policies and processes and internal security controls, including our ability to escalate and respond to known and potential risks. We use a range of disaster recovery and business continuity arrangements. For many of our offerings, our production environment and customers' data are replicated in near real-time in a separate facility located elsewhere. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, the occurrence of a natural disaster or an act of terrorism could result in lengthy interruptions in our services. We have experienced interruptions in our services, and such interruptions may occur in the future. Our business would also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our services are unreliable. We expect to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures. Our plans to invest for future growth include the continuation of the expansion of our data center capacity, hiring additional personnel, and expanding domestic and international selling and marketing activities. We regularly evaluate acquisitions or investment opportunities in complementary businesses, joint ventures, services, and technologies to expand our service offerings. Our success will depend in part upon the ability of our senior management to manage our projected growth effectively. We must continue to increase the productivity of our existing employees and to hire, train, and manage new employees as needed. We anticipate that additional investments in our internal infrastructure, data center capacity, research, customer support, and development will be required to scale our operations and increase productivity. Our corporate headquarters and a significant portion of our research and development activities are located near major seismic faults, and we do not carry earthquake insurance for direct quake-related losses. Climate-related events have the potential to disrupt our business and may cause us to experience losses and additional costs to resume operations. We believe the business of business is improving the state of the world for all of our stakeholders. We are committed to creating a sustainable, low-carbon future by delivering a carbon-neutral cloud, operating as a net-zero greenhouse gas emissions company, and by working to achieve our goal of 100 percent renewable energy for our global operations. Our corporate culture fosters dialogue, collaboration, recognition, and a sense of family, which is crucial for maintaining employee engagement and organizational resilience. We strive to integrate sustainability into our corporate events and have secured naming rights to facilities controlled by third parties, which could impact our brand. If we fail to maintain and enhance our brands, or if we incur excessive expenses in our efforts to do so, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected.