Our operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which may adversely affect our stock price. These fluctuations are a result of numerous factors, some of which may contribute to more pronounced fluctuations in an uncertain global economic environment. The global macroeconomic environment has been challenging and inconsistent, with instability in the global credit markets and geopolitical uncertainty potentially impacting our business. We have been investing and expect to continue to invest in key priority and growth areas while maintaining leadership in routing, switching, and services. Our ability to execute on our strategy and operating plans, as well as the impact of changes in our business model, could result in significant restructuring charges. We expect to realign and dedicate resources into key priority and growth areas, such as security, IoT, collaboration, next-generation data center, cloud, and software. We have experienced periods of time during which shipments have exceeded net bookings or manufacturing issues have delayed shipments, leading to nonlinearity in shipping patterns. Our operating results could vary materially from quarter to quarter based on the receipt of large orders and their ultimate recognition as revenue. Inventory management remains an area of focus, as we balance the need to maintain strategic inventory levels to ensure competitive lead times against the risk of inventory obsolescence due to rapidly changing technology and customer requirements. We have increased our efforts in procuring components to meet customer expectations, which contributes to an increase in purchase commitments. Our growth and ability to meet customer demands depend in part on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of parts from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. We may experience a shortage of certain component parts as a result of manufacturing issues at our suppliers or contract manufacturers, capacity problems, or strong demand in the industry for those parts. We continue to assess the sustainability of improvements in emerging countries, and there can be no assurance that our investments in these countries will be successful. Our future results could be materially adversely affected by various political, economic, or other factors relating to our operations inside and outside the United States. We are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our portfolio investments and in interest rates, which could harm our earnings. Our business and operations are especially subject to the risks of earthquakes, floods, and other natural catastrophic events, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. Man-made problems such as cyber-attacks, data protection breaches, and terrorism may disrupt our operations and harm our operating results. We have several strategic alliances with large organizations, and if these relationships fail to materialize as expected, we could suffer delays in product development or other operational difficulties. Our ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel is critical to our success, and competition for these personnel is intense. The loss of key personnel could make it difficult to meet key objectives, such as timely and effective product introductions. Our restructuring activities could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. We are subject to various risks associated with the use of intellectual property, and our reliance on third-party licenses may impact our ability to protect our proprietary rights.