We face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses, including market, liquidity, credit, operational, legal, regulatory, and reputational risks. Our businesses have been and may continue to be adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by concerns about sovereign defaults, uncertainty concerning fiscal or monetary policy, government debt ceilings or funding, and other factors. Our financial performance is highly dependent on the environment in which our businesses operate. We seek to maintain a favorable business environment characterized by high global gross domestic product growth, transparent and efficient capital markets, and strong business earnings. We have been materially affected by significant declines in the values of nearly all asset classes and by a serious lack of liquidity. Our revenues and profitability have been impacted by requirements relating to capital, additional loss-absorbing capacity, leverage, minimum liquidity, and long-term funding levels. Our businesses are subject to extensive and pervasive regulation around the world, and we face the risk of significant intervention by law enforcement, regulatory, and taxing authorities. Compliance with existing laws and regulations has involved significant amounts of time and resources, which may negatively impact our profitability. Our businesses have been adversely affected by declining asset values, particularly in those businesses where we have net "long" positions. We have been negatively affected by a lack of liquidity in credit markets, which reduces price transparency and increases transaction risk. Our investment banking, client execution, and investment management businesses have been adversely affected by market uncertainty or lack of confidence among investors. Our investment banking business has been adversely affected by market conditions, and poor economic conditions can lead to significant industry-wide declines in the size and number of underwritings and financial advisory transactions. We may incur losses as a result of ineffective risk management processes and strategies. Our risk management process seeks to balance our ability to profit from market-making, investing, or lending positions, and underwriting activities, with our exposure to potential losses. We monitor and control our risk exposure through a risk and control framework encompassing various financial, credit, operational, compliance, and legal reporting systems. Our risk management framework is designed to enable comprehensive risk management processes through which we identify, assess, monitor, and manage the risks we assume in conducting our activities. We maintain a comprehensive control framework designed to provide a well-controlled environment to minimize operational risks. Our operational risk management framework consists of risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, and risk monitoring and reporting. We have established policies that require our revenue-producing units and independent control and support functions to report and escalate operational risk events. Our operational risk exposure is managed through a combination of training, supervision, and development of our people, as well as active participation of senior management in identifying and mitigating key operational risks. We seek to manage our operational risk through proactive communication between our revenue-producing units and our independent control and support functions. Our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have sufficient liquidity to fund our assets and meet our contractual and contingent obligations in normal times, as well as during periods of market stress. We maintain a viable contingency funding plan to provide a framework for analyzing and responding to a liquidity crisis situation or periods of market stress.