Investing in our securities involves risk, and our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by various factors, including difficult market and economic conditions, which can reduce the value or performance of the investments we manage. We attempt to mitigate known risks to the extent we believe to be practicable and reasonable, but we can provide no assurance that our mitigation efforts will be successful. Our business and the businesses of the companies in which we invest are materially affected by financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world, such as interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, and national and international political circumstances. The unprecedented turmoil in the global financial markets during 2008 and 2009 provoked significant volatility of securities prices, contraction in the availability of credit, and the failure of a number of companies, which had a material adverse effect on our businesses. We may not be able to manage our exposure to these conditions and events, and declines in equity, commodity, and debt markets would likely cause us to write down our investments. Unfavorable market and economic conditions may reduce opportunities for our funds to make, exit, and realize value from their investments. Challenging market conditions may make it difficult for us to find suitable investments or secure financing on attractive terms, resulting in reduced opportunities for our funds to exit and realize value from existing investments. During periods of unfavorable fundraising conditions, fund investors may negotiate for lower fees or different fee sharing arrangements, which could materially and adversely affect our revenues. Companies in which we have invested may experience decreased revenues, financial losses, and difficulty in obtaining access to financing, which could materially and adversely affect our operating results and cash flow. We have significant liquidity requirements, and adverse market and economic conditions may adversely affect our sources of liquidity, which could adversely affect our business operations in the future. Our growth strategy involves increasing assets under management through new investment strategies and expanding into new geographic markets, which may result in additional risks and uncertainties. We may face challenges in managing the complexities of new investment strategies, markets, and businesses, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The success of our organic growth strategy will depend on our ability to identify and create products that appeal to investors. We may incur contingent liabilities for claims that may be made against us in the future, and we enter into contracts that contain a variety of representations, warranties, and covenants, including indemnifications. Our managing partner has limited fiduciary duties to us, which may permit it to favor its own interests to our detriment. Conflicts of interest may arise among our managing partner, its affiliates, and us, particularly in the allocation of investments and the structuring of transactions. We are subject to extensive regulation, which creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties, and any changes in the regulatory framework could negatively impact our business. Our ability to raise capital and deploy investments is influenced by global economic conditions, and we may experience periods of reduced investment activity due to market conditions. Our investments are impacted by various economic conditions that are difficult to quantify or predict, which may have a significant impact on the valuation of our investments and, therefore, on our financial performance.