In addition to the other information contained in this form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our company. It is possible that our business, financial condition, liquidity, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in human pharmaceutical research and development and the introduction of new products. To bring a drug from the discovery phase to market can take over a decade and often costs in excess of $2 billion. Failure can occur at any point in the process, including in later stages after substantial investment. Regulatory agencies continue to establish increasingly high hurdles for the efficacy and safety of new products. Delays and uncertainties in drug approval processes can result in delays in product launches and lost market opportunity. We must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient both to cover our substantial research and development costs and to replace revenues that are lost as profitable products lose intellectual property exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. Failure to do so in the short-term or long-term would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial position, and prospects. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover, develop, and commercialize innovative new pharmaceutical products. Without strong intellectual property protection, we would be unable to generate the returns necessary to support the enormous investments in research and development and capital as well as other expenditures required to bring new drugs to the market. Our human pharmaceutical business is subject to increasing government price controls and other public and private restrictions on pricing, reimbursement, and access for our drugs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We face intense competition from multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and lower-cost generic and biosimilar manufacturers, and such competition could have a material adverse effect on our business. The entry of generic competitors typically results in rapid and severe declines in revenues. Our operations are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates and currency values. These fluctuations can vary the costs of financing, investing, and operating. We address a portion of these risks through a controlled program of risk management that includes the use of derivative financial instruments. The objective of controlling these risks is to limit the impact on earnings of fluctuations in interest and currency exchange rates. Our corporate risk-management policy outlines the minimum and maximum hedge coverage of such exposures. We believe cash provided by operating activities, along with available cash and cash equivalents, should be sufficient to fund our normal operating needs, including installment payments of the toll tax, dividends paid to shareholders, share repurchases, and capital expenditures. We continue to monitor the potential impacts of the economic environment; the creditworthiness of our wholesalers and other customers, including foreign government-backed agencies and suppliers; the uncertain impact of health care legislation; and various international government funding levels. We utilize third parties for selected aspects of product development, manufacture, commercialization, and support for information technology systems. Outsourcing these functions involves the risk that the third parties may not perform to our standards or legal requirements, may not produce reliable results, or may not perform in a timely manner. Failure of these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, confidentiality, or other obligations to us could have a material adverse effect on our business. Maintaining the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our IT systems and confidential information is vital to our business. Cyber-attacks are growing in their frequency, sophistication, and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect, mitigate, or prevent. The failure or inadequacy of our IT systems could impair our ability to secure and maintain intellectual property rights; result in a product manufacturing interruption or failure; damage our operations, customer relationships, or reputation; or cause us to lose trade secrets or other competitive advantages.