We operate in an environment characterized by both increasing complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. Recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives. Our business involves significant risks and uncertainties that may not be covered by indemnity or insurance. We are subject to a number of procurement laws and regulations. Our business and our reputation could be adversely affected if we fail to comply with these laws. We must comply with and are affected by laws and regulations relating to the award, administration, and performance of U.S. government contracts. We have a diverse range of defense, homeland security, and information technology products and services, which makes it less likely that cuts in any specific contract or program will have a long-term effect on our business. However, termination of multiple or large programs or contracts could adversely affect our business and future financial performance. We are subject to a number of procurement laws and regulations, and a violation of specific laws and regulations could harm our reputation and result in the imposition of fines and penalties, the termination of our contracts, suspension or debarment from bidding on or being awarded contracts, loss of our ability to export products or services, and civil or criminal investigations or proceedings. We are continuously striving to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers. We accomplish this in part by our independent research and development activities and through acquisition, divestiture, and internal realignment activities. We selectively pursue the acquisition of businesses and investments at attractive valuations that will expand or complement our current portfolio and allow access to new customers or technologies. We also may explore the divestiture of businesses that no longer meet our needs or strategy or that could perform better outside of our organization. Our profitability and cash flow may vary based on the mix of our contracts and programs, our performance, our ability to control costs, and evolving U.S. government procurement policies. We are experiencing increased competition while, at the same time, many of our customers are facing budget pressures, trying to do more with less by cutting costs, identifying more affordable solutions, performing certain work internally rather than hiring a contractor, and reducing product development cycles. It is critical we maintain strong customer relationships and seek to understand the priorities of their requirements in this price competitive environment. We routinely experience various cybersecurity threats, threats to our information technology infrastructure, unauthorized attempts to gain access to our company sensitive information, and denial-of-service attacks. We have a computer incident response team (CIRT) which has among its responsibilities defending against such attacks. Additionally, we conduct regular periodic training of our employees as to the protection of sensitive information. Our enterprise risk management program includes threat detection and cybersecurity mitigation plans. We are committed to ensuring that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed without limiting our ability to return a substantial portion of our free cash flow to our investors in the form of dividends and share repurchases.