The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure to conduct critical operations. Disruption, degradation, or manipulation of these IT systems through intentional or accidental means could impact key business processes. The company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes, which can create new risks. The company has implemented a variety of measures to further enhance its systems to guard against cyber-attacks and is pursuing an enterprise-wide effort to enhance the company's resiliency against future cyber-attacks, including incidents similar to the June 2017 attack. The objective of these efforts is to protect against future cyber-attacks and to improve the speed of the company's recovery from such attacks and enable continued business operations during any recovery period. The company monitors its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company IT systems to reduce these risks. The company is also exposed to market risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates, which could negatively affect its results of operations. The uncertainty in global economic conditions together with austerity measures being taken by certain governments could negatively affect the company's operating results. The company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material negative impact on the company's results of operations. The company is involved in various claims and legal proceedings, including product liability, intellectual property, and commercial litigation, which could preclude commercialization of products or negatively affect the profitability of existing products. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. The company's success is dependent on the successful development and marketing of new products, which are subject to substantial risks. The company has experienced difficulties and delays in manufacturing certain of its products, including vaccines, and may continue to experience difficulties and delays inherent in manufacturing its products. The company has been taking steps to increase its sales in emerging markets, but there is no guarantee that these efforts will succeed. The company is also subject to evolving and complex tax laws, which may result in additional liabilities that may affect results of operations. The company's activities, including research, preclinical testing, clinical trials, and manufacturing and marketing its products, are subject to extensive regulation by numerous governmental authorities. The company believes that the health care industry will continue to be subject to increasing regulation as well as political and legal action. The company's research and development model is designed to increase productivity and improve the probability of success by prioritizing the company's research and development resources on candidates capable of providing unambiguous, promotable advantages to patients and payers. The company is committed to ensuring that externally sourced programs remain an important component of its pipeline strategy, with a focus on supplementing its internal research with a licensing and external alliance strategy.