Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. We may experience fluctuations in our customer base or the mix of revenue by customer as markets and strategies evolve. Our inability to meet our customers' requirements or to qualify our products with them could adversely impact our sales. The loss of one or more of our major customers or any significant reduction in orders from, or a shift in product mix by, these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We have experienced volatility in average selling prices for our semiconductor memory and storage products which may adversely affect our business. We have experienced significant volatility in our average selling prices, including dramatic declines, and may continue to experience such volatility in the future. Our gross margins are dependent upon continuing decreases in per gigabit manufacturing costs achieved through improvements in our manufacturing processes and product designs. Factors that may limit our ability to reduce costs include, but are not limited to, strategic product diversification decisions affecting product mix, the increasing complexity of manufacturing processes, and difficulties in transitioning to smaller line-width process technologies. Our inability to maintain or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. The semiconductor memory and storage markets are highly competitive, and we face intense competition from a number of companies that may have greater resources to invest in technology, capitalize on growth opportunities, and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory and storage technologies. Our key semiconductor memory and storage products and technologies face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs. These barriers include potential limitations on stacking additional 3D memory layers and the ability to shrink products in order to reduce costs. We must make significant capital investments in manufacturing technology, capital equipment, facilities, R&D, and product and process technology to support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. Our inability to obtain equipment on a timely basis could adversely affect our ability to transition to next-generation manufacturing processes and reduce our costs. We have manufacturing and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences such as severe weather and geological events that could disrupt operations. A natural disaster, fire, explosion, or other event that results in a prolonged disruption to our operations could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our operations are subject to a variety of laws and regulations that may result in additional costs and liabilities. Our joint ventures and strategic relationships involve numerous risks that could adversely affect the value of our investments and our results of operations. We may experience difficulties or delays in ramping production at joint ventures, and our control over the operations of our joint ventures is limited. Our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt instruments depends on our ability to generate significant cash flows in the future, which is subject to market, economic, financial, competitive, legislative, and regulatory factors. We may incur additional restructuring charges in future periods, and we may not realize expected savings or other benefits from our restructure activities. Breaches of our security systems could expose us to losses and damage our reputation with customers and suppliers. We are subject to counterparty default risks that could limit our ability to take action to mitigate our exposure.