Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk, and we have identified risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects. Our revenue growth rate is expected to continue to decline, and we may continue to incur losses due to increased costs associated with our capacity to support anticipated growth. We may encounter unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other unpredictable factors that may result in increased costs. It is difficult to predict customer demand for our products and the entry of competitive products. If we fail to increase our revenues sufficiently to keep pace with our growing investments and other expenses, our business, operating results, and growth prospects will be adversely affected. Our operations involve the storage, transmission, and processing of our customers' confidential information, and we have security measures in place designed to protect customer information; however, these measures may be breached, resulting in unauthorized access to our customers' data. A security breach could result in a disruption to our service, litigation, regulatory investigations, reputational damage, and other liabilities. We must accurately predict, prepare for, and respond promptly to rapidly evolving technological and market developments to maintain our competitive position. The markets in which we compete are evolving rapidly, and we must identify and innovate in the right emerging technologies, accurately predict our customers' changing business needs, and efficiently deliver the services that our customers require to be successful. Delays in the release of new or updated products may slow the adoption of our technologies and adversely impact our sales. Our business depends upon the successful implementation of our products by our customers, and various factors may cause implementations to be delayed or unsuccessful. Disruptions or defects in our services could damage our customers' businesses and harm our reputation. We experience defects in our services, and disruptions may result from errors we make or incidents outside of our control. Problems at our data centers could result in lengthy interruptions in our services and the loss of customer data. Our operating results may vary significantly from period to period, and if we fail to meet financial performance expectations, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. We may not be able to compete effectively due to intense competition and the need to respond quickly to new opportunities and customer requirements. Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, and we may experience difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees. Changes in laws and regulations related to data privacy and the use of the internet may adversely affect our business. Natural disasters and other events beyond our control could harm our business operations and make it difficult to deliver services to our customers. We maintain crisis management and disaster response plans; however, such events could cause us to incur substantial expenses. We expect to continue to incur GAAP losses due to increased costs and expenses, including non-cash charges associated with equity awards. Our ability to manage risks associated with foreign markets and to increase our international sales is critical to our future growth. If we are unable to manage these risks or if our required investments in international markets are greater than anticipated, our revenue growth rate and operating results will be adversely affected.