We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. The increasing prevalence of cloud and SaaS delivery models offered by us and our competitors may unfavorably impact the pricing of our on-premise enterprise software offerings and our cloud offerings, which has reduced and could continue to reduce our revenues and profitability. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances, changing delivery models, and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings and support services in a timely manner, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our software, hardware, or cloud offerings. We have also acquired a number of cloud computing companies, and the integration of these companies into our Oracle Cloud strategy may not be as efficient or scalable as anticipated, which could adversely affect our ability to fully realize the benefits anticipated from these acquisitions. Our business practices with respect to the collection, use, and management of personal information could give rise to operational interruption, liabilities, or reputational harm as a result of governmental regulation, legal requirements, or industry standards relating to consumer privacy and data protection. We may experience significant coding, manufacturing, or configuration errors in our cloud, software, and hardware offerings. Errors in our cloud, software, or hardware offerings could affect their ability to properly function or operate with other cloud, software, or hardware offerings, delay the development or release of new products or services, create security vulnerabilities, and adversely affect market acceptance of our products or services. Our hardware business may adversely affect our overall profitability if we change our business strategies, do not adapt to changes in market offerings, or manage the associated risks. We may not achieve our estimated revenue, profit, or other financial projections with respect to our hardware business in a timely manner or at all due to a number of factors. We are susceptible to third-party manufacturing and logistics delays, which could result in the loss of sales and customers. Our reliance on these third parties reduces our control over the manufacturing and delivery process, exposing us to risks, including reduced control over quality assurance, product costs, product supply, and delivery delays. We have simplified our supply chain processes by reducing the number of third-party manufacturing partners and the number of locations where these third-party manufacturers build our hardware products. If these partners experience production problems or delays or cannot meet our demand for products, we may not be able to find alternate manufacturing sources in a timely or cost-effective manner. We may also experience fluctuations in component prices, which, if unanticipated, could negatively impact our hardware business cost structure. Our cloud, software, and hardware indirect sales channel could affect our future operating results. Our relationships with these channel participants are important elements of our cloud, software, and hardware marketing and sales efforts. If we are unable to manage our relationships with these third parties effectively, or if these third parties experience delays, disruptions, or quality control problems in their operations, our ability to ship and deliver certain of our hardware products to our customers could be impaired, and our hardware business could be harmed.