Our operations and structure involve various risks that could adversely affect our business and financial condition, including social, political, and economic risks of doing business in many countries. We conduct a significant portion of our business outside the U.S., which exposes us to local businesses and cultural factors that differ from our usual standards and practices. Disruptions in the global capital and credit markets may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, impacting the value of our properties and our ability to make principal and interest payments. Our business and operations could suffer in the event of system failures or cyber security attacks, which could result in material disruptions. We depend on the deep industry knowledge and efforts of our executive officers and other key employees, and any loss of key personnel could adversely affect our business. We may also be impacted by deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting, which could result in misstatements or restatements of our financial statements. Our investments are concentrated in the logistics sector, exposing us to the risk of economic downturns in that sector. General economic conditions and events affecting the areas where our properties are located may impact our financial results. We are subject to risks and liabilities in connection with forming co-investment ventures and investing in properties through these ventures, which may not yield the expected results. Our real estate development strategies may not be successful, and we may face risks associated with obtaining financing for development projects on favorable terms. We may not be able to attract third-party investment in new development co-investment ventures or sufficient customer demand for our product. Our ability to sell properties on advantageous terms is affected by competition and market conditions. We may need to find alternative ways to increase our liquidity, which could adversely affect our business and distributable cash flow. We are exposed to various environmental risks, including potential impacts of future climate change, which may result in unanticipated losses. We carry insurance coverage for various perils, but certain losses may not be fully insured. Our credit ratings can affect the amount of capital we can access, and adverse changes in our credit ratings could negatively impact our financing activity. We are required to comply with many regulations in different countries, and noncompliance could result in fines or damages. Our ability to generate cash from operating activities, distributions from co-investment ventures, and available financing sources is considered adequate to meet our anticipated future requirements. We expect to fund our cash needs principally from fees earned for services performed, proceeds from property dispositions, and borrowing capacity under our credit facilities. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of available funds that we may invest in co-investment ventures, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to form new ventures or that additional investments will be successful. We have formed publicly traded investment vehicles for which we serve as sponsor or manager, but there is a risk that our managerial relationship may be terminated. We evaluate our insurance coverage annually and may elect to self-insure certain risks based on industry practices. Our organizational practices and strategic initiatives are designed to maintain operational flexibility and adaptability in response to external pressures and disruptive events.