We face a variety of risks that may affect our operations, financial results, or stock price, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Developments in the business, economic, and geopolitical environment could negatively impact our business. Our business can be adversely affected by the general environment, including economic, corporate, securities market, regulatory, and geopolitical developments, which all play a role in client asset valuations and overall investor engagement. Despite our efforts to comply with applicable legal requirements, there are a number of risks, particularly in areas where applicable laws or regulations may be unclear or where regulators could revise their previous guidance. Our operations are highly dependent on the integrity and resiliency of our critical business functions and technology systems. To minimize business interruptions, we maintain a backup and recovery infrastructure, including facilities for backup and communications, a geographically dispersed workforce, and routine testing of business continuity and disaster recovery plans. We have established liquidity policies to support the successful execution of business strategies while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity to meet operational needs and satisfy applicable regulatory requirements under both normal and stressed conditions. We conduct regular liquidity stress testing to develop a consolidated view of liquidity risk exposures and to ensure our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity during market-related or company-specific liquidity stress events. Our risk management process is comprised of risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and reporting, and risk mitigation. The board of directors has approved an enterprise risk management framework that enables a comprehensive approach to managing risks encountered by Schwab in its business activities. We have established risk metrics and reporting that enable measurement of the impact of strategy execution against risk appetite. The global risk committee is responsible for the oversight of risk management, including identifying emerging risks and assessing risk management practices. We rely on a system of internal controls and risk management practices designed to keep operational risk and operational losses within the company's risk appetite. We continuously monitor the systems and work collaboratively with government agencies, law enforcement, and other financial institutions to address potential threats. Our fraud and cybersecurity teams monitor activity looking for suspicious behavior, which allows us to identify and quickly act on any attempted intrusions. Schwab faces operational risk when we employ the services of various third parties, including domestic and international outsourcing of certain technology, processing, servicing, and support functions. We manage the exposure to third-party risk through contractual provisions, control standards, ongoing monitoring of third-party performance, and appropriate testing. We have adopted a policy to remain well capitalized even in stressed scenarios, and we conduct regular capital stress testing to assess the potential financial impacts of various adverse macroeconomic and company-specific events. The capital contingency plan provides action plans for certain low probability/high impact capital events that the company might face. Our operations are vulnerable to disruptions from human error, execution errors, technological failure, cyber attacks, and natural disasters, which could negatively impact our business and operations. We have specific policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, and we utilize periodic risk and control self-assessments, control testing programs, and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls.