We regularly assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity plans and key management succession. However, a disaster on a significant scale or affecting certain of our key operating areas within or across regions, or our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity problem, could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, damaged client relationships or legal liability. Our ability to continue to operate will depend, in part, on the availability of our personnel, our office facilities and the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication and other related systems and operations. We have outsourced certain functions to third-party service providers to leverage leading specialized capabilities and achieve cost efficiencies. Outsourcing these functions involves the risk that the third-party service providers may not perform to our standards or legal requirements, may not produce reliable results, may not perform in a timely manner, may not maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary information, or may fail to perform at all. Failure of these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, confidentiality, or other obligations to us could result in material financial loss, higher costs, regulatory actions and reputational harm. We also rely on the business infrastructure and systems of third parties with whom we do business and to whom we outsource the maintenance and development of operational and technological functionality, including third-party cloud infrastructure. Our plans to increase the amount of our infrastructure that we outsource to "the cloud" or to other third parties may increase our risk exposure. Our ability to deliver our products and services electronically may be impaired due to infrastructure or network failures, malicious or defective software, human error, natural disasters, service outages at third-party internet providers or increased government regulation. Delays in our ability to deliver our products and services electronically may harm our reputation and result in the loss of customers. Our ability to conduct business may be materially and adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses and the communities in which we are located. This may include a disruption involving physical or technological infrastructure used by us or third parties with or through whom we conduct business, whether due to human error, natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism, acts of terrorism, political unrest, war or otherwise. Our efforts to secure and plan for potential disruptions of our major operating systems may not be successful. We believe we have appropriate policies, processes and internal controls to ensure the stability of our information technology, provide security from unauthorized access to our systems and maintain business continuity, but our business could be subject to significant disruption and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by unanticipated system failures, data corruption or unauthorized access to our systems. We cannot predict with certainty all of the adverse effects that could result from our failure, or the failure of a third party, to efficiently address and resolve these delays and interruptions. A disruption to our operations or infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive and other types of data and information in our computer systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors. The cyber risks the company faces range from cyberattacks common to most industries, to more sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to certain information or systems. Unauthorized disclosure of this information could cause our customers to lose faith in our ability to protect their confidential information and therefore cause customers to cease doing business with us.