The risks that follow are those that we think, individually or in the aggregate, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements. Our business model expects our merchants to react to frequently changing opportunities and trends in the market, assess the desirability and value of merchandise and generally make determinations of how and what we source as well as when we source it. If we do not obtain the right merchandise at the right times, in the right quantities, at the right prices and in the right mix, our customer traffic, as well as our sales and margins, could be adversely affected. We must also properly execute our inventory management strategy of distributing the right merchandise to the right stores in the right quantities at the right time. Failure to continue to expand our business and operations successfully or to manage our substantial size and scale effectively could adversely affect our financial results. Our growth strategy includes successfully expanding our off-price model within our current markets and into new geographic regions, product lines, and channels. If any aspect of our expansion strategy does not achieve the success we expect, we may fail to meet our financial performance expectations, be required to increase our investment, slow our planned growth or close stores or operations. The large size and scale of our operations, our multiple banners and locations across the U.S., Canada, Europe, and Australia, and the autonomy afforded to the banners in some aspects of the business also increases the risk that our systems, controls, practices, and policies may not be implemented effectively or consistently throughout our company. These risks may increase as we continue to grow, particularly if we expand into additional countries. If business information is not shared effectively, or if we are otherwise unable to manage our size or growth effectively, our business may be adversely affected or we may need to reduce our rate of expansion of one or more operations or otherwise curtail growth in one or more markets, which may adversely affect our success in executing our business goals and adversely impact our sales and results. We work to identify consumer trends and preferences on an ongoing basis and to offer inventory and a shopping experience that meets those trends and preferences. However, doing so effectively and on a timely basis across our diverse merchandise categories and in each of the many markets in which we do business is challenging. Our flexible off-price model helps us react, but may not successfully do so, which could add difficulty in attracting new customers, retaining existing customers, encouraging frequent visits, and adversely affect our results. We operate in highly competitive markets, and we may not be able to compete effectively. Our performance depends on recruiting, hiring, developing, training, and retaining talented associates in key areas such as buying and management. Our ability to meet our labor needs and control labor costs is subject to various factors such as unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, and other market pressures on wages and benefits. The efficient operation and successful growth of our business depend upon our information systems, including our ability to operate, maintain, and develop them effectively. A failure of those systems could disrupt our business, subject us to liability, damage our reputation, or otherwise impact our financial results. Our approach to disaster recovery and business continuity planning may not be adequate, and any compromises, interruptions, or shutdowns of our systems could lead to delays in our business operations and, if significant or extreme, affect our results of operations, cause us to suffer reputational harm, or result in liability.