We have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, delays or other complications in the design, manufacture, launch and production ramp of new vehicles and other products, which could harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Our ability to achieve these plans will depend upon a number of factors, including our ability to utilize installed manufacturing capacity, achieve the planned production yield and further increase capacity as planned while maintaining our desired quality levels. We have limited experience developing, manufacturing, selling and servicing, and allocating our available resources among multiple products simultaneously. If we are unable to realize our plans, our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially damaged. We may also experience similar future delays or other complications in bringing to market and ramping production of new vehicles, such as our Tesla semi truck and our planned Model Y. Our future business depends in large part on our ability to execute on our plans to manufacture, market and sell the Model 3 vehicle, which we intend to produce at significantly higher volumes than our present production capabilities. We are employing a higher degree of automation in our materials conveyance, battery module production and other manufacturing processes for Model 3 than we have previously employed. We have redirected our best engineering talent to Gigafactory 1 to fine-tune the automated processes and related robotic programming to address the challenges we have experienced and to continue evaluating our overall manufacturing process for efficiencies. Our future growth and success is dependent upon consumers' willingness to adopt electric vehicles and specifically our vehicles. Our growth is highly dependent upon the adoption by consumers of alternative fuel vehicles in general and electric vehicles in particular. We expect to continue to lower the cost of manufacturing our vehicles due to economies of scale, material cost reductions and more efficient manufacturing and equipment utilization. We anticipate meeting our obligations through our operations at Gigafactory 2 and other operations within the state of New York, and we do not believe that we face a significant risk of default. We are continuously expanding and improving our information technology systems and use security measures designed to protect our systems against breaches and cyber-attacks. If these efforts are not successful, our business and operations could be disrupted and our operating results and reputation could be harmed. We are subject to various environmental and safety laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs upon us and negatively impact our ability to operate our manufacturing facilities. Our corporate headquarters, the Tesla factory and Gigafactory 1 are located in seismically active regions in northern California and Nevada. If major disasters such as earthquakes or other events occur, our headquarters and production facilities may be seriously damaged, or we may have to stop or delay production and shipment of our products. We are subject to a number of risks associated with international business activities that may increase our costs, impact our ability to sell our products and require significant management attention. Our future operating results depend to a large extent on our ability to manage our expansion and growth successfully. We may not be successful in undertaking this global expansion if we are unable to control expenses and avoid cost overruns and other unexpected operating costs; establish sufficient worldwide automobile sales, delivery, service and supercharger facilities in a timely manner; adapt our products and conduct our operations to meet local requirements; implement the required infrastructure, systems and processes; and find and hire a significant number of additional manufacturing, engineering, service, electrical installation, construction and administrative personnel.