We conduct operations in over 220 countries and territories. Our U.S. and international operations are subject to normal cycles affecting the economy in general, as well as the local economic environments in which we operate. The factors that create cyclical changes to the economy and to our business are beyond our control, which may adversely impact our credit rating and make it difficult for us to adjust our business model to mitigate the impact of these factors. Our business is affected by levels of industrial production, consumer spending, and retail activity, and adverse developments in these aspects of the economy could materially affect our business, financial position, and results of operations. We face significant competition on a local, regional, national, and international basis, and if we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to competitive pressures, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be adversely affected. The transportation industry continues to consolidate, and competition remains strong, which may result in competitors providing a wider variety of services and products at competitive prices, adversely affecting our financial performance. We are subject to complex and stringent regulation in the U.S. and internationally, and changes in laws, regulations, and policies may alter the landscape in which we do business, affecting our costs. Increased security requirements could impose substantial costs on us, and we could be the target of an attack or have a security breach, adversely affecting our operations or reputation. Severe weather conditions and other natural or manmade disasters may result in decreased revenues or increased costs to operate our business, adversely affecting our results of operations. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from our international operations and are subject to the risks of doing business in international markets, which are continually exposed to changing economic, political, and social developments beyond our control. We are exposed to the effects of changing prices of energy and interruptions in supplies of these commodities, which may have a significant impact on our operations. We mitigate our exposure to changing fuel prices through indexed fuel surcharges and may enter into hedging transactions. Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain the image of the UPS brand and our reputation for providing excellent service to our customers, as service quality issues could tarnish our brand image and lead customers to use other companies. A significant data breach or IT system disruption could adversely affect our business, financial results, or reputation, and we may be required to increase our spending on data and system security. We rely heavily on information technology networks and systems to manage or support a wide variety of important business processes and activities throughout our operations. Our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to various factors, including cyber-attacks, which could result in disruptions in our operations and damage to our brand and reputation. We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management, and disaster recovery plans, but we are not fully insulated from data breaches and system disruptions. We continually adjust our air and ground networks to better match higher volume levels and utilize technology to increase package sorting and delivery productivity.