The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. We rely on third parties to manufacture our products, and if they are unable to do so on a timely basis in sufficient quantities and using competitive technologies, our business could be materially adversely affected. It is important to have reliable relationships with all of these third-party manufacturing suppliers to ensure adequate product supply to respond to customer demand. We cannot guarantee that these manufacturers or our other third-party manufacturing suppliers will be able to meet our near-term or long-term manufacturing requirements. If we experience supply constraints from our third-party manufacturing suppliers, we may be required to allocate the affected products amongst our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our relationships with these customers and on our financial condition. Moreover, if we are unable to meet customer demand due to fluctuating or late supply from the joint ventures, it could result in lost sales and have a material adverse effect on our business. Our ability to forecast demand is complicated when our products are sold indirectly through downstream channel distributors and customers, as our forecasts for demand are then based on estimates provided by multiple parties throughout the downstream channel. We regularly assess markets for external financing opportunities, including debt and equity financing. Additional debt or equity financing may not be available when needed or, if available, may not be available on satisfactory terms. Our inability to obtain needed financing or to generate sufficient cash from operations may require us to abandon projects or curtail planned investments in research and development or other strategic initiatives. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced significant downturns, often in conjunction with constant and rapid technological change, wide fluctuations in supply and demand, continuous new product introductions, price erosion, and declines in general economic conditions. Global economic uncertainty may adversely impact our business and operating results. Uncertain global economic conditions have in the past and may in the future adversely impact our business, including a slowdown in the Chinese economy, one of the largest global markets for desktop and notebook PCs. Our ability to be successful in high-growth adjacent emerging global markets depends in part on our ability to establish adequate local infrastructure, as well as our ability to cultivate and maintain local relationships in these markets. The success of our business is dependent upon our ability to introduce products on a timely basis with features and performance levels that provide value to our customers while supporting and coinciding with significant industry transitions. Our ability to develop, qualify, and distribute new products and related technologies to meet evolving industry requirements, at prices acceptable to our customers and on a timely basis are significant factors in determining our competitiveness in our target markets. Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems, and modification or interruption of such systems may disrupt our business, processes, and internal controls. Our information technology systems may also be vulnerable to damage or disruption caused by circumstances beyond our control, including catastrophic events, power anomalies or outages, natural disasters, viruses or malware, cyber-attacks, data breaches, and computer system or network failures, exposing us to significant cost, reputational harm, and disruption or damage to our business. Data breaches and cyber-attacks could compromise our intellectual property or other sensitive information, be costly to remediate, and cause significant damage to our business and reputation.