Any of the factors described below could significantly and negatively affect our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results, or credit ratings, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. We are focusing our efforts and resources in disease areas of high unmet need. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients. Our ability to successfully execute our operating model evolution could impact our results. We may experience difficulties or delays in the development and commercialization of new products. Developing and commercializing new compounds and products include inherent risks and uncertainties, including failure to enter into or implement optimal alliances for the development and/or commercialization of new products. The inability to bring a product to market or a significant delay in the expected approval and related launch date of a new product could negatively impact our revenues and earnings. We face intense competition from other manufacturers, including for both innovative medicines and lower-priced generic products. If we are unable to compete successfully against our competitors' products in the marketplace, this could have a material negative impact on our revenues and earnings. We rely on suppliers, vendors, outsourcing partners, alliance partners, and other third parties to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, co-promote and sell our products. The failure of any critical third party to meet its obligations could have a material adverse impact on our operations and results. Our strategy is to combine the resources, scale, and capability of a pharmaceutical company with the speed and focus on innovation of the biotech industry. Our operating model continues to evolve, and we have been successful in focusing commercial and R&D resources on prioritized brands and markets, strengthening our R&D capabilities in tumor biology, patient selection, and new biomarkers. The evolution in our operating model will enable us to deliver the necessary strategic, financial, and operational flexibility to invest in the highest priority opportunities within our portfolio. We continue to monitor the potential impact of the economic conditions in certain European and other countries and the related impact on prescription trends, pricing discounts, and creditworthiness of our customers. We believe these economic conditions will not have a material impact on our liquidity, cash flow, or financial flexibility. Our product supply and related patient access could be negatively impacted by product seizures or recalls or forced closings of manufacturing plants. Disruption in our ability to operate our Puerto Rico manufacturing facilities could materially and adversely affect our ability to supply our products and affect our product sales. We have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and IT to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. We have established a company-wide policy to limit our sales to direct customers for the purpose of complying with the SEC consent order. This policy includes the adoption of various procedures to monitor and limit sales to direct customers in accordance with the terms of the consent. We also agreed to certain tax-related indemnities with Mead Johnson as set forth in the tax sharing agreement. The assessment of whether or not a valuation allowance is required often requires significant judgment including long-range forecasts of future taxable income and evaluation of tax planning initiatives. We recognize accruals for such contingencies when it is probable that a liability will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.