Our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. All of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services and entertainment, news, and information content to consumers. The ability of all of our businesses to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, investors, and government authorities. Our ability to compete may be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience. We are subject to regulation by federal, state, local, and foreign authorities, which impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses. Failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could result in administrative enforcement actions, fines, and civil and criminal liability. Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors' use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. We expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future. If we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. We also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives. The success of any of these ongoing or future developments or our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses, and results of operations. We are also exposed to risks related to doing business internationally, including global financial market turmoil, economic volatility, currency exchange rate fluctuations, and the requirements of local laws and customs. Weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our businesses. A substantial portion of our revenue comes from customers whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. Weak economic conditions could adversely affect demand for any of our products and services and have a negative impact on our results of operations. We rely on network and information systems and other technologies, and a disruption, cyber attack, failure, or destruction of such networks, systems, technologies, or properties may disrupt our businesses. Cyber threats and attacks are directed at both known and newly discovered software and hardware vulnerabilities and are constantly evolving, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. Network, information systems, and technology-related events could result in a degradation or disruption of our products and services, excessive call volume to call centers, theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets, and damage to our equipment, data, properties, and reputation. The risk of these systems-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify, and our businesses may be at a disproportionately heightened risk of these events occurring. Despite our efforts to prevent these events and security breaches, there can be no assurance that they will not occur in the future or will not have an adverse effect on our businesses.