The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Our services involve the storage and transmission of our customers' and our customers' customers' proprietary and other sensitive data, including financial information and other personally identifiable information. While we have security measures in place, they may be breached as a result of efforts by individuals or groups of hackers and sophisticated organizations, including state-sponsored organizations or nation-states. These risks are mitigated by our ability to maintain and improve business and data governance policies and processes and internal security controls, including our ability to escalate and respond to known and potential risks. We use a range of disaster recovery and business continuity arrangements. For many of our offerings, our production environment and customers' data are replicated in near real-time in a separate facility located elsewhere. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, such as disaster recovery and business continuity arrangements, the occurrence of a natural disaster or an act of terrorism could result in lengthy interruptions in our services. Our business would also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our services are unreliable. We continue to experience significant growth in our customer base and personnel, which has placed a strain on our management, administrative, operational, and financial infrastructure. We anticipate that additional investments in our internal infrastructure, data center capacity, research, customer support and development, and real estate spending will be required to scale our operations and increase productivity. Our ability to deliver our services is dependent on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the internet by third parties. The internet's infrastructure is run by a series of independent third-party organizations that work together to provide the infrastructure and supporting services of the internet. The internet has experienced a variety of outages and other delays as a result of damages to portions of its infrastructure, denial-of-service attacks, or related cyber incidents, and it could face outages and delays in the future. These outages and delays could reduce the level of internet usage or result in fragmentation of the internet, resulting in multiple separate internets. Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory, and other factors. We will not be able to control many of these factors, such as economic conditions and governmental regulations. Our operations may not generate sufficient cash to enable us to service our debt or contractual obligations resulting from our leases. We expect to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services. We have invested in additional database software and hardware and we plan to increase the capacity that we are able to offer globally through data centers and third-party infrastructure providers. We believe that this investment in professional services facilitates the adoption of our service offerings. We regularly evaluate acquisitions or investment opportunities in complementary businesses, joint ventures, services, and technologies and intellectual property rights in an effort to expand our service offerings. Our corporate headquarters, and a significant portion of our research and development activities, information technology systems, and other critical business operations, are located near major seismic faults in the San Francisco Bay Area. Because we do not carry earthquake insurance for direct quake-related losses, significant recovery time could be required to resume operations, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results in the event of a major earthquake or catastrophic event.