In evaluating our business, we note that a substantial portion of our revenues is derived from sales of products to treat HIV and HCV, and if we are unable to maintain or increase our HIV product sales, our results of operations would likely suffer. The primary drivers of our HCV product revenues are patient starts, net pricing, and market share. We anticipate that pricing pressure in the HCV market will continue, and any change in formulary coverage or reimbursement levels may negatively impact our anticipated revenues. We may continue to experience global pricing pressure, which could result in larger discounts or rebates on our products or delayed reimbursement, negatively impacting our product sales and results of operations. Our ability to accurately forecast sales may be affected by fluctuations in customer inventories, which may not reflect actual patient demand. We expect to continue to experience fluctuations in purchasing patterns of our non-retail customers, which may result in fluctuations in our product sales, revenues, and earnings in the future. Our operations depend on compliance with complex FDA and comparable international regulations, and failure to obtain broad approvals on a timely basis could delay or halt commercialization of our products. We are also reliant on third-party contract research organizations to conduct our clinical trials, and any disputes or disruptions in our relationships with these organizations could delay our clinical trials. We depend on relationships with other companies for sales and marketing performance, and failure to maintain these relationships could negatively impact our business. Our manufacturing operations are subject to routine inspections by regulatory agencies, and if we are unable to remedy any deficiencies cited by the FDA, our currently marketed products and the timing of regulatory approval of products in development could be adversely affected. Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to defend our patents and other intellectual property rights, and if we are unable to obtain effective patents, it could adversely affect our business. We are also subject to various legal actions that require us to expend substantial internal and financial resources, which may reduce our earnings and require significant management attention. Our worldwide operations could be subject to business interruptions stemming from natural or man-made disasters, which may harm our future revenues. We are dependent upon information technology systems, and any security breach could adversely affect our business and operations. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the commercial performance of our current and future products, the progress and scope of our R&D efforts, and the establishment of additional collaborative relationships with other companies. We believe that our existing capital resources, supplemented by cash flows generated from our operations, will be adequate to satisfy our capital needs for the foreseeable future.