We face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses, including market, liquidity, credit, operational, legal, regulatory, and reputational risks. Our businesses have been and may continue to be adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by concerns about sovereign defaults, uncertainty concerning fiscal or monetary policy, government debt ceilings, or funding. Our financial performance is highly dependent on the environment in which our businesses operate. We seek to maintain a sufficiently liquid balance sheet and have processes in place to dynamically manage our assets and liabilities, including balance sheet planning, monitoring of key metrics, and scenario analyses. Our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress. We employ structured products to benefit our clients and hedge our own risks. Our risk management process seeks to balance our ability to profit from market-making, investing, or lending positions, and underwriting activities, with our exposure to potential losses. We have established a contingency funding plan to provide a framework for analyzing and responding to a liquidity crisis situation or periods of market stress. Our operational risk management framework is designed to minimize operational risks and includes risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, and risk monitoring and reporting. We employ a comprehensive control framework designed to provide a well-controlled environment to minimize operational risks. Our risk management structure is built around governance, processes, and people. We have established procedures for our committees to ensure that appropriate information barriers are in place. We have a multilayered approach to resolving conflicts and addressing reputational risk. Our operational risk management framework consists of risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, and risk monitoring and reporting. We regularly assess our policies and procedures that address conflicts of interest in an effort to conduct our business in accordance with the highest ethical standards. Our liquidity risk management policies include holding sufficient excess liquidity in the form of global core liquid assets to cover outflows during a stressed period. We maintain a viable contingency funding plan that outlines potential responses if our assessments indicate that we have entered a liquidity crisis. Our stress tests are designed to estimate the direct impact of market events on our credit and market exposures. We conduct various scenario analyses including as part of the comprehensive capital analysis and review (CCAR) and Dodd-Frank Act stress tests (DFAST), as well as our resolution liquidity models. Our liquidity risk limits are monitored daily by treasury and liquidity risk management. We have established a triggers and alerts framework to provide the board with information needed to make informed decisions regarding potential liquidity crises. Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor a large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies. We strive to eliminate human errors through training, supervision, technology, and redundant processes and controls. Our risk management practices are designed to ensure that we maintain a comprehensive model inventory, including risk assessment and classification, sound model development practices, independent review, and model-specific usage controls.