If our products do not achieve market acceptance, we will not be able to generate the revenue necessary to support our business. We expect that there will be a learning process involved for surgical teams to become proficient in the use of our products. Broad use of our products will require training of surgical teams. Economic conditions could materially adversely affect our company. Uncertainty about global economic conditions, including credit and sovereign debt concerns, have caused and may continue to cause disruptions in the financial credit markets, volatile currency exchange rates, and energy costs. Customers and distributors may choose to postpone or reduce spending due to financial difficulties or may be unable to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products due to restraints on credit. There could be additional effects from adverse conditions in the credit markets on our business, including the insolvency of key suppliers or their inability to obtain credit to finance the development and/or manufacture of our products resulting in product delays. Our business is closely tied to the overall U.S. healthcare system, which is subject to concerns and uncertainties as a result of efforts made by the U.S. federal government to modify, repeal, or otherwise invalidate provisions of the PPACA. If economic conditions worsen or new legislation is passed related to the healthcare system, trade, fiscal or tax policies, customer demand may not materialize to the levels we require to achieve our anticipated financial results, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. We may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position against current or potential competitors, especially those with greater resources. Our customers may use unauthorized or unapproved instruments and accessories, which would result in reduced revenue and loss of market share. New product developments and introductions may adversely impact our financial results. We may be unable to develop and market new products successfully, and the products we invest in and develop may not be well-received by customers or meet our expectations. Our research and development investments may not generate significant operating income or contribute to our future operating results for several years. We may not be able to maintain larger-scale manufacturing capabilities, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Our reliance on sole and single source suppliers could harm our ability to meet demand for our products in a timely manner or within budget. If institutions or surgeons are unable to obtain coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors for procedures using our products, or if reimbursement is insufficient to cover the costs of purchasing our products, we may be unable to generate sufficient sales to support our business. We are highly dependent on the principal members of our management and scientific staff. Attracting and retaining qualified personnel will be critical to our success, and competition for qualified personnel is intense. Natural disasters or other events beyond our control could disrupt our business and result in loss of revenue or in higher expenses. Epidemic diseases or the perception of their effects could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. If we do not successfully manage our collaboration arrangements, licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances, or partnerships with third parties, we may not realize the expected benefits from such alliances and it may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, together with income to be derived from the sale of our products, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements beyond one year and for the foreseeable future.