Investing in our securities involves risk, and our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by difficult market and economic conditions, which can reduce the value or performance of the investments we manage. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite adversity is critical, as challenging market conditions may reduce opportunities for our funds to make, exit, and realize value from their investments. We attempt to mitigate known risks, but we can provide no assurance that our efforts will be successful. Our business is materially affected by financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world, such as interest rates, availability of credit, and economic uncertainty. The unprecedented turmoil in the global financial markets during 2008 and 2009 provoked significant volatility and had a material adverse effect on our businesses and the companies in which we invest. Our profitability may also be adversely affected by fixed costs and the possibility that we would be unable to scale back costs within a time frame sufficient to match decreases in net income. Companies in which we have invested may experience decreased revenues, financial losses, and difficulty in obtaining access to financing during periods of unfavorable market conditions. Negative financial results in our funds' portfolio companies may result in lower investment returns, which could materially affect our operating results and cash flow. Our liquidity requirements are significant, and adverse market and economic conditions may adversely affect our sources of liquidity, which could adversely affect our business operations in the future. We expect our primary liquidity needs will consist of cash required to continue to grow our business, including seeding new strategies, funding capital commitments made to existing and future funds, and servicing debt obligations. We manage our liquidity and capital requirements by focusing on cash flows and anticipate that our primary sources of liquidity will include amounts received from operating activities, realizations on carried interest, and borrowings under credit facilities. Our ability to raise additional or successor funds could have a material adverse impact on our business, particularly if we are unable to raise funds of comparable size to our predecessor funds. The evolving preferences of our fund investors may necessitate alternatives to the traditional investment fund structure, which could increase our cost of raising capital. Our organizational structure implicates complex provisions of U.S. federal income tax laws, and changes in tax laws could adversely affect our financial position. We depend on our founders and other key personnel, the loss of whose services could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our success depends on the continued service of these individuals, and their loss could jeopardize our relationships with investors and result in reduced assets under management or fewer investment opportunities. We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation, and alignment of interests with fund investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. Our operations rely on secure processing, storage, and transmission of information, and we face various security threats that could disrupt our business. Our organizational documents do not limit our ability to enter into new lines of business, and we may expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, and businesses, each of which may result in additional risks and uncertainties.