Pharmaceutical research and development is very costly and highly uncertain; there are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in human pharmaceutical research and development and the introduction of new products. The high rate of failure inherent in new drug discovery and development means that failure can occur at any point in the process, including in later stages after substantial investment. As a result, most funds invested in research programs will not generate financial returns. New product candidates that appear promising may fail to reach the market or may have only limited commercial success due to efficacy or safety concerns, inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals, or changes in the relevant treatment standards. Delays and uncertainties in drug approval processes can result in delays in product launches and lost market opportunity. We must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient both to cover our substantial research and development costs and to replace revenues that are lost as profitable products lose intellectual property exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. Failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial position, and prospects. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover, develop, and commercialize innovative new pharmaceutical products. Without strong intellectual property protection, we would be unable to generate the returns necessary to support the enormous investments in research and development. We face intense competition from multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and lower-cost generic and biosimilar manufacturers, and such competition could have a material adverse effect on our business. The marketing, promotional, and pricing practices of human pharmaceutical manufacturers are subject to extensive regulation, and regulatory compliance problems could be damaging to the company. Manufacturing difficulties or disruptions could lead to product supply problems, and reliance on third-party relationships and outsourcing arrangements could adversely affect our business. We are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates and currency values, and we address a portion of these risks through a controlled program of risk management that includes the use of derivative financial instruments. We continue to monitor the potential impacts of the economic environment; the creditworthiness of our wholesalers and other customers; and various international government funding levels. In the normal course of business, our operations are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates and currency values. We manage a portion of these exposures through hedging and other risk management techniques, and significant fluctuations in currency rates can have a material impact on our revenue, cost of sales, and operating expenses. The entry of generic competitors typically results in rapid and severe declines in revenues, and we face many product liability claims and are self-insured. We have implemented measures to prevent, detect, respond to, and minimize risks related to our information technology systems, and the failure or inadequacy of these systems could impair our ability to secure and maintain intellectual property rights. Our human pharmaceutical business is subject to increasing government price controls and other public and private restrictions on pricing, reimbursement, and access for our drugs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. The failure to manage risks related to our animal health segment could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and income.