We have developed a risk management process using periodic surveys, external research, planning processes, risk mapping, analytics, and other tools to identify and evaluate the operational, financial, environmental, reputational, strategic, and other risks that could adversely affect our business. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, and implement change, growth, and productivity initiatives successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share, and results of operations. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omni-channel experience, and we must anticipate and meet our customers' expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands will require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring more integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives will require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees, and contractors will have to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Our business and our reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect customer, employee, vendor, or company information or to comply with evolving regulations relating to our obligation to protect our systems, assets, and such information. Cyber-attacks and tactics designed to gain access to and exploit sensitive information are constantly evolving, and high-profile security breaches leading to unauthorized release of sensitive customer information have occurred with increasing frequency. If a ransomware attack occurs, it is possible that we could be prevented from accessing our own data. Our systems are additionally vulnerable to a number of other causes, such as power outages, computer viruses, technology system failures, or catastrophic events. In the event that our systems are breached or damaged for any reason, we may also suffer loss or unavailability of data and interruptions to our business operations while such breach or damage is being remedied. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to a variety of external factors, including wage rates, the availability of and competition for talent, health care and other benefit costs, our brand image and reputation, changing demographics, and adoption of new or revised employment and labor laws and regulations. If we do not successfully manage the transition associated with the retirement of our chief executive officer and the appointment of a new chief executive officer, it could be viewed negatively by our customers and shareholders and could have an adverse impact on our business. We must continue to manage, preserve, and grow our public image and reputation. Any negative incident can erode trust and confidence quickly, and adverse publicity could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our customers' confidence, reduce demand for our products and services, and affect our ability to retain and recruit store associates and specialists. Our ability to effectively manage our third-party installers could result in increased operational and legal risks and negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We expect continued store growth over the next five years in Canada and Mexico, and expanding internationally presents unique challenges that may increase the anticipated costs and risks. Our future operating results could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, including unfavorable political or economic factors, adverse tax consequences, and volatility in foreign currency exchange rates.