Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we fail to retain existing users or add new users, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with our products, our revenue, financial results, and business may be significantly harmed. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users of our products. If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. There is no guarantee that we will not experience a similar erosion of our active user base or engagement levels. Our user engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure. If we are unable to maintain or increase our user base and user engagement, our revenue and financial results may be adversely affected. We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising, and the loss of marketers or reduction in spending by marketers could seriously harm our business. Our advertising revenue could also be adversely affected by decreases in user engagement, including time spent on our products, and our inability to maintain or increase the quantity or quality of ads shown to users. We are dependent on the interoperability of our products with popular mobile operating systems, networks, and standards that we do not control. If our products are unavailable when users attempt to access them, or if they do not load as quickly as expected, users may not use our products as often in the future. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our users is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our products. Our business may be subject to interruptions, delays, or failures resulting from natural disasters, cyber-attacks, or other catastrophic events. If such an event were to occur, users may be subject to service disruptions or outages, and we may not be able to recover our technical infrastructure and user data in a timely manner. We face significant competition in every aspect of our business, and our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate talented employees is critical to our success, and the loss of one or more of our key personnel could harm our business. We may not be able to continue to successfully grow usage of and engagement with mobile and web applications that integrate with Facebook and our other products. Our business is dependent on our ability to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption in our service could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of users and engagement, and adversely affect our financial results. We expect to continue to invest in our technical infrastructure to support user growth, increased user engagement, and the delivery of new products and services, which may require significant resources.