The company’s inability to successfully recover should it experience a disaster or other business continuity problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability. If a local or regional disaster occurs, such as an earthquake, hurricane, flood, terrorist attack, pandemic, security breach, cyber-attack, power loss or telecommunications failure, the ability to operate will depend on the continued availability of personnel, office facilities, and the proper functioning of computer, telecommunication and other related systems and operations. The risk of business disruption is more pronounced in certain geographic areas, including major metropolitan centers, where significant operations exist. The operations depend on the ability to protect technology infrastructure against damage, as a business continuity event could result in the loss of client or company data or interruptions to operations or delivery of services, which could have a material adverse effect. A cyber-attack or other business continuity event affecting the company or a key vendor could result in significant disruption in the functioning of information technology systems or operations, requiring significant expense to address and remediate issues. The company regularly assesses and takes steps to improve existing business continuity plans and key management succession, but a disaster or continuity event on a significant scale could materially interrupt operations and result in financial loss, regulatory actions, reputational harm, and legal liability. The company relies on numerous vendors and other third parties to perform key functions of business operations and to provide services to clients. The reliance on third parties exposes the company to risks that their decisions or operations may adversely impact it, and replacing service providers could create significant delay and expense. A failure by third parties to comply with service level agreements or regulatory requirements could result in economic and reputational harm. The company is subject to significant uninsured exposures arising from errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty and other claims, which may divert personnel and management resources. The unpredictability of errors and omissions claims and the litigation that can flow from them may have a material adverse effect on the company’s business. The company’s operations are also subject to extensive regulation under various laws, and compliance with these laws requires significant resources. The evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that could restrict the way services involving data are offered, adversely affecting results of operations. The company must anticipate and respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological changes to remain competitive. The threat comes from traditional players and new entrants focused on using technology and innovation to simplify and improve customer experience. The company must continue to invest in new technologies and ways to deliver products and services, as failure to keep up with technological changes could adversely impact business and results of operations. The ability to attract and retain employees and clients is highly dependent upon the commitment to a diverse and inclusive workplace, trustworthiness, and ethical business practices. The loss of senior management or key colleagues could limit the ability to execute business strategy or adversely affect the ability to retain existing and attract new clients. The company faces significant competitive pressures in each of its businesses, and the ability to compete successfully depends on various factors, including the quality and expertise of colleagues, geographic reach, and the ability to respond to changes in client demand and industry conditions.