We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances, changing delivery models, and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings and support services in a timely manner, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our software, hardware, or cloud offerings. We have continued to refresh and release new offerings of our cloud and on-premise software and hardware products and services. Our business may be adversely affected if we do not continue to develop and release these or other new or enhanced products and services within the anticipated time frames. We incur certain expenses associated with the infrastructures and marketing of our cloud offerings in advance of our ability to recognize the revenues associated with these offerings. The integration of acquired companies into our cloud strategy may not be as efficient or scalable as anticipated, which could adversely affect our ability to fully realize the benefits anticipated from these acquisitions. We may experience volatility in our reported revenues and operating results due to the differences in timing of revenue recognition between our new software licenses and hardware arrangements relative to our cloud offering arrangements. Our cloud offerings are generally recognized ratably over the terms of the subscriptions. The deferred revenue that results from sales of our cloud offerings may prevent any deterioration in sales activity associated with our cloud offerings from becoming immediately observable in our consolidated statement of operations. We are in the IT business, and our products and services, including our Oracle cloud offerings, store, retrieve, manipulate, and manage our customers' information and data. We have invested a great deal of time and resources in protecting the integrity and security of our products, services, and the internal and external data that we manage. High-profile security breaches at other companies have increased in recent years, and security industry experts have warned about the risks of hackers and cyber-attacks targeting IT products and businesses. These risks will increase as we continue to grow our cloud offerings and store and process increasingly large amounts of data, including personal information and our customers' confidential information. We also have an active acquisition program and have acquired a number of companies, products, services, and technologies over the years. We may not realize the financial and strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of a transaction. Our ongoing business may be disrupted, and our management's attention may be diverted by acquisition, transition, or integration activities. We may have difficulties managing an acquired company's technologies or lines of business, entering new markets where we have no or limited direct prior experience, or retaining key personnel from the acquired companies. We may not realize the anticipated increase in our revenues from an acquisition for a number of reasons, including if a larger than predicted number of customers decline to renew cloud-based subscription contracts or software or hardware support contracts. We may also experience additional or unexpected changes in how we are required to account for our acquisitions pursuant to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.