Our business is subject to numerous risks as a result of our having significant operations and sales in international markets, including foreign currency fluctuations, currency exchange or pricing controls and localized volatility. We must successfully manage compliance with laws and regulations, as well as manage new and pending legal and regulatory matters in the U.S. and abroad. Our business could also be negatively impacted if a key customer were to significantly reduce the inventory level of our products or experience a significant business disruption. Disruptions in credit markets or changes to our credit ratings may reduce our access to credit. A disruption in our global supply chain may negatively impact our business results. Our ability to meet our customers' needs and achieve cost targets depends on our ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements, including execution of supply chain optimizations and certain sole supplier or sole manufacturing plant arrangements. The loss or disruption of such manufacturing and supply arrangements could interrupt product supply and, if not effectively managed and remedied, have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We must also be able to successfully respond to competitive innovation and changing consumer habits. Our ability to achieve our business objectives is dependent on how well we can compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing markets and channels. The consumer products industry is highly competitive, and we experience ongoing competitive pressures in the environments in which we operate, as well as challenges in maintaining profit margins. To address these challenges, we must be able to successfully respond to competitive factors, including pricing, promotional incentives and trade terms. Our organizational structure is comprised of global business units, selling and market operations, global business services and corporate functions. Our strategic choices are focused on winning with consumers. Achieving our business results depends, in part, on successfully developing, introducing and marketing new products and on making significant improvements to our equipment and manufacturing processes. We are improving operational effectiveness and organizational culture through enhanced clarity of roles and responsibilities, accountability and incentive compensation programs. The company has undertaken an effort to focus and strengthen its business portfolio to compete in categories and with brands that are structurally attractive and that play to P&G's strengths. We believe these strategies are right for the long-term health of the company and our objective of delivering total shareholder return in the top one-third of our peer group. Our financial projections assume certain ongoing productivity improvements and cost savings, including staffing adjustments as well as employee departures. Failure to deliver these planned productivity improvements and cost savings, while continuing to invest in business growth, could adversely impact our financial results. Additionally, successfully executing management transitions at leadership levels of the company and retention of key employees is critical to our business success. We are generally a build-from-within company and our success is dependent on identifying, developing and retaining key employees to provide uninterrupted leadership and direction for our business. The company expects the delivery of long-term annual financial targets will result in total shareholder returns in the top third of the competitive peer group. In periods with significant macroeconomic pressures, we intend to maintain a disciplined approach to investing so as not to sacrifice the long-term health of our businesses to meet short-term objectives in any given year.