You should carefully consider the risks described below together with the other information set forth in this report, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and future results. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We may experience delays in realizing our projected timelines and cost and volume targets for the production and ramp of our model 3 vehicle, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Our future business depends in large part on our ability to execute on our plans to manufacture, market and sell the model 3 vehicle, which we are offering at a lower price point and which we intend to produce at significantly higher volumes than our present production capabilities for the model s or model x vehicles. We are employing a higher degree of automation in our materials conveyance, battery module production and other manufacturing processes for model 3 than we have previously employed, and in some cases we have implemented interim processes such as semi-automated manufacturing lines, for which we are likely to incur additional labor costs until we bring online our fully automated processes. Our production plan for model 3 is based on many key assumptions, including that we will be able to complete ramping high volume production of model 3 at the tesla factory without exceeding our projected costs and on our projected timeline. If one or more of the foregoing assumptions turns out to be incorrect, our ability to meet our model 3 projections on time and at volumes and prices that are profitable, the number of current and future model 3 reservations, as well as our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition, may be materially and adversely impacted. Concurrent with the significant planned increase in our vehicle production levels, we will also need to continue to significantly increase deliveries of, and servicing capacity for, our vehicles. Although we have a plan for delivering and servicing significantly increased volumes of vehicles, we have limited experience in delivering a high volume of vehicles, and no experience in delivering and servicing vehicles at the significantly higher volumes we anticipate for model 3. Our plans call for significant increases in vehicle production and deliveries to high volumes in a short amount of time. Our ability to achieve these plans will depend upon a number of factors, including our ability to utilize installed manufacturing capacity, achieve the planned production yield and further increase capacity as planned while maintaining our desired quality levels and optimize design and production changes, and our suppliers' ability to support our needs. We are dependent on our suppliers, the majority of which are single source suppliers, and the inability of these suppliers to deliver necessary components of our products according to our schedule and at prices, quality levels, and volumes acceptable to us, or our inability to efficiently manage these components, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. The loss of any single or limited source supplier or the disruption in the supply of components from these suppliers could lead to product design changes and delays in product deliveries to our customers, which could hurt our relationships with our customers and result in negative publicity, damage to our brand and a material and adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Our future growth and success is dependent upon consumers' willingness to adopt electric vehicles and specifically our vehicles, especially in the mass market demographic which we are targeting with model 3. If the market for electric vehicles in general and tesla vehicles in particular does not develop as we expect, or develops more slowly than we expect, or if demand for our vehicles decreases in key and other markets, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be harmed.