We must manage fluctuating demand for our services and network capacity; if there are significant reductions in demand for rail services with respect to one or more commodities or changes in consumer preferences that affect the businesses of our customers, we may experience increased costs associated with resizing our operations, including higher unit operating costs and costs for the storage of locomotives, rail cars, and other equipment. Although we continue to improve our transportation plan, add capacity, improve operations at our yards and other facilities, and improve our ability to address surges in demand for any reason with adequate resources, we cannot be sure that these measures will fully or adequately address any service shortcomings resulting from demand exceeding our planned capacity. We may experience other operational or service difficulties related to network capacity, dramatic and unplanned fluctuations in our customers' demand for rail service with respect to one or more commodities or operating regions, or other events that could negatively impact our operational efficiency. We transport certain hazardous materials and other materials that pose certain risks in the event of a release or combustion. A rail accident or other incident involving the release or combustion of hazardous materials could involve significant costs and claims for personal injury, property damage, and environmental penalties and remediation in excess of our insurance coverage for these risks. We are subject to significant governmental regulation, and many laws and regulations require us to obtain and maintain various licenses, permits, and other authorizations. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. Prolonged severe adverse domestic and global economic conditions or disruptions of financial and credit markets may affect the producers and consumers of the commodities we carry and may have a material adverse effect on our access to liquidity and our results of operations and financial condition. We face competition from other railroads and other transportation providers, and any future improvements or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We rely on information technology in all aspects of our business, and if a cyber attack or other event causes significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, we could suffer a significant service interruption, safety failure, security breach, or other operational difficulties. We are exposed to severe weather conditions and other natural phenomena, including earthquakes, hurricanes, fires, floods, and extreme temperatures. Line outages and other interruptions caused by these conditions can adversely affect our entire rail network and can adversely affect revenue, costs, and liabilities. Disputes regarding labor agreements could result in strikes, work stoppages, slowdowns, or lockouts, which could cause a significant disruption of our operations. Changes in demographics, training requirements, and the availability of qualified personnel could negatively affect our ability to meet demand for rail service. Unpredictable increases in demand for rail services and a lack of network fluidity may exacerbate such risks. We expect to continue to align resources with customer demand, maintain an efficient network, and ensure surge capability of our assets. We will continue using a multi-faceted approach to safety, utilizing technology, risk assessment, training and employee engagement, quality control, and targeted capital investments. Our capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan, which will enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency, and make investments that meet customer demand and take advantage of opportunities for long-term growth.