item 1a: risk factors risks related to our business, industry and operations the covid-19 pandemic has had, and will likely continue to have, a material adverse effect on our businesses and results of operations.
the impacts of covid-19 and measures to prevent its spread across the globe have impacted our businesses in a number of ways. while our cable communications results were strong in 2020, they were negatively affected by the significant deterioration in domestic economic conditions and by costs associated with our support of customer connectivity as people increasingly worked and learned remotely from home. covid-19 had material negative impacts on nbcuniversal and sky results of operations during 2020. for example, in late february we temporarily closed our theme park in japan, and in mid-march we temporarily closed our theme parks in orlando and hollywood, and although our parks in orlando and japan reopened with limited capacity in june 2020, our park in hollywood remains closed. we cannot predict when the hollywood park will reopen, if any reopened parks will remain open or estimate attendance levels at any of the parks. we expect the results of operations at our theme parks will continue to be negatively impacted in the near to medium term. the creation and availability of our film and television programming globally have been and will continue to be disrupted, including as a result of the postponement or cancellation of sporting events (such as the professional soccer, hockey, baseball and basketball leagues and the olympics), theatrical closures and the suspension of entertainment content production. we expect any continued deterioration of global economic conditions would result in lower advertising revenues and consumer spending across our businesses.
the impact of covid-19 on our businesses also generally depends on the extent of restrictive governmental measures taken that affect day-to-day life and the length of time that such measures remain in place to respond to covid-19, further deterioration of the global economy and the widespread availability of a vaccine. at this point, it is impossible to predict such extent and duration and the degree to which our results of operations will continue to be affected.
covid-19 may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks set forth below.
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k our businesses operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively.
all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven, rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services as well as entertainment, news and information content to consumers. some established dtc streaming and other ott service providers have become core competitors to our video services and more continue to enter the market at a growing pace.
•cable communications' and sky's high-speed internet services compete primarily against wireline telecommunications companies with fiber-based networks, wireless telecommunications companies offering internet services (such as 4g and 5g wireless broadband services), certain municipalities in the united states that own and operate their own broadband networks and dbs providers. competition for cable communications' video services consists primarily of dbs providers, phone companies with fiber-based networks and increasingly dtc streaming and other ott service providers and devices, each of which typically offer features, pricing and packaging for services comparable to ours, including bundled offers with high-speed internet services. sky faces competition for its services from cable and telecommunications providers in its european markets, many of which offer customers bundled services, which has increased competition.
•nbcuniversal and sky face substantial and increasing competition from providers of similar types of content, as well as from other forms of entertainment and recreational activities. nbcuniversal and sky must compete to obtain talent, content (including sports programming) and other resources required to operate their businesses. this competition has intensified as dtc streaming and other ott service providers seek to develop high-quality programming to attract viewers.
for a more detailed description of the competition facing our businesses, see item 1: business and refer to the "competition" discussion within that section.
consolidation of, or cooperation between, our competitors, including suppliers and distributors of content, may increase competition in all of these areas, as may the emergence of additional competitors with significant resources and efficiencies of scale who are competing with our businesses in all forms of content distribution and production. for example, consolidation or cooperation between phone companies (which are also wireless distributors) and content providers may allow competitors to offer free or lower cost streaming services, potentially on an exclusive basis, through unlimited data-usage plans for internet or wireless phone services.
the ability of our businesses to compete effectively also depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, business partners, employees, investors and government authorities. our ability to compete will be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience.
while we continue to seek ways to enhance the value of our businesses, such as by growing high-speed internet services and business services and by investing in peacock as the media and entertainment landscape continues to rapidly evolve, there can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue or operating margins or to compete successfully in the future. there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively against existing or new competitors or that competition will not have an adverse effect on our businesses.
changes in consumer behavior driven by online video distribution platforms for viewing content continue to adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models.
distribution platforms for viewing and purchasing content over the internet have been, and will likely continue to be, developed that further increase the number of competitors that all our businesses face and challenge existing business models. as consumers increasingly turn to dtc streaming and other ott services, the number of cable communications' video customers and subscribers to nbcuniversal's cable networks decrease, even as cable communications' high-speed internet services become more important to consumers. dtc streaming and other ott services have driven, and will continue to drive, changes in consumer behavior as consumers seek more control over when, where and how they consume content and access communications services, and how much they pay for such content.
for example, in europe, as more of sky's new video customers have recently subscribed, and may continue to subscribe, to sky's dtc streaming service instead of its traditional dth video service. although we have attempted to adapt our video service offerings and enhance our high-speed internet services for changing consumer behaviors, for example, by deploying the x1 and sky q platforms and flex, which more easily aggregate content from linear (i.e., traditional television channels) and comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k dtc streaming and other ott services for our customers, and by launching peacock, our dtc streaming service, the continuing trend of content owners delivering their content directly to consumers over the internet rather than through, or in addition to, traditional video distribution services continues to disrupt traditional distribution business models.
the increase in dtc streaming and other ott service providers also has significantly increased the number of entertainment choices available to consumers, which has intensified audience fragmentation and disaggregated the way that content traditionally has been distributed and viewed by consumers. nbcuniversal's revenue relatedly may be negatively impacted as traditional and virtual multichannel video providers, which pay nbcuniversal fees based on their respective numbers of customers, lose customers. time-shifting technologies, such as dvr and on demand services, reduce viewership, which has caused and likely will continue to cause audience ratings declines for our programming channels. consumers in many cases have multiple options for viewing the same content; for example, content may be available through traditional linear platforms, on demand services, or a dtc streaming or ott service, which may also result in audience rating declines. reduced ratings may adversely affect the price and amount of advertising that advertisers are willing to purchase from us and the amount that we receive for distribution of our content. in addition, as more programming providers offer their content directly to consumers, they may reduce the quantity and quality of the programming they license to nbcuniversal or sky's programming channels.
our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior, including among younger consumers, and shifting business models could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses and results of operations.
a decline in advertisers' expenditures or changes in advertising markets could negatively impact our businesses.
cable communications, nbcuniversal and sky compete for the sale of advertising time with digital media distributors, other television networks and stations, as well as with all other advertising platforms, such as radio and print. we derive substantial revenue from the sale of advertising, and a decline in expenditures by advertisers, including through traditional linear television distribution models, could negatively impact our results of operations. declines can be caused by the economic prospects of specific advertisers or industries, increased competition for the leisure time of viewers, such as from social media and video games, audience fragmentation, increased viewing of content through dtc streaming and other ott service providers, regulatory intervention regarding where and when advertising may be placed, or economic conditions generally. in addition, advertisers have shifted a portion of their total expenditures to digital media and mobile offerings, which can deliver targeted advertising. their willingness to purchase advertising from us may be adversely affected by lower audience ratings, which many of nbcuniversal's networks and some of sky's television channels have experienced and likely will continue to experience, or from the level of popularity or perceived acceptance of peacock. advertising sales and rates also are dependent on the methodology used for audience measurement and could be negatively affected if methodologies do not accurately reflect actual viewership levels. for example, certain methods of viewing content, such as through dtc streaming or other ott service providers or delayed viewing through dvr or on demand services, might not be fully counted in audience measurements or may generate less, if any, revenue than traditional linear television distribution methods, which could have an adverse effect on our advertising revenue.
programming expenses for our video services are increasing, which could adversely affect cable communications' video businesses.
we expect programming expenses for our video services to continue to be the largest single expense item for our cable communications segment and to increase for the foreseeable future. our programming expenses may also increase as we add programming to our video services or distribute existing programming to more of our customers or through additional delivery platforms, such as on demand or streaming services. additionally, cable communications pays certain local broadcast television stations in exchange for their required consent for the retransmission of broadcast network programming to video services customers; we expect to continue to be subject to increasing demands for payment and other concessions from local broadcast television stations. these market factors may be exacerbated by increased consolidation in the media industry, which may further increase our programming expenses. if we are unable to raise our customers' rates or otherwise offset programming cost increases through the sale of additional services, cost management or other initiatives, the increasing cost of programming could have an adverse effect on our cable communications segment's results of operations.
moreover, as our contracts with content providers expire, there can be no assurance that they will be renewed on acceptable terms, or at all, in which case we may be unable to provide such content as part of cable communication's video services, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected.
nbcuniversal's and sky's success depends on consumer acceptance of their content, and their businesses may be adversely affected if their content fails to achieve sufficient consumer acceptance or the costs to create or acquire content increase.
nbcuniversal and sky create and acquire media and entertainment content, the success of which depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. the success of these businesses depends on our comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k ability to consistently create, acquire, market and distribute television programming, filmed entertainment, theme park attractions and other content that meet the changing preferences of the broad domestic and international consumer markets. we have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial amounts in our content, including in the production of original content at nbcuniversal and sky, in our films and for new theme parks and theme park attractions, before learning the extent to which they will earn consumer acceptance. we also are incurring significant costs to develop peacock, and there can be no assurance that consumers and advertisers will embrace this offering.
nbcuniversal and sky also obtain a significant portion of their content from third parties, such as movie studios, television production companies, sports organizations and other suppliers, sometimes on an exclusive basis. competition for popular content, particularly for sports programming, is intense, and we may have to increase the price we are willing to pay or be outbid by our competitors for popular content. we also may be unable to license popular third-party content for nbcuniversal's and sky's programming channels if media companies determine that licensing the content to us is not in their strategic best interests (for example, they may launch dtc streaming or other ott services for their owned content, forgo license fees from us and only provide their content directly to consumers or they may license their content on an exclusive basis to certain of our competitors or rival dtc streaming or other ott service providers).
entering into or renewing contracts for such programming rights or acquiring additional rights may result in significantly increased costs. particularly with respect to long-term contracts for sports programming rights for nbcuniversal and sky, our results of operations and cash flows over the term of a contract depend on a number of factors, including the strength of the advertising market, audience size, the timing and amount of rights payments, and the ability of nbcuniversal to secure distribution from, impose surcharges on, or obtain carriage on multichannel video providers. there can be no assurance that revenue from these contracts will exceed our costs for the rights, as well as the other costs of producing and distributing the programming. if our content does not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, or if we cannot obtain or retain rights to popular content on acceptable terms, or at all, nbcuniversal's and sky's businesses may be adversely affected.
the loss of programming distribution and licensing agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could adversely affect our businesses.
nbcuniversal's cable networks depend on their ability to secure and maintain distribution agreements with traditional and virtual multichannel video providers. the number of subscribers to nbcuniversal's cable networks has been, and likely will continue to be, reduced as a result of fewer subscribers to multichannel video providers. sky also depends on its ability to secure and maintain wholesale distribution agreements for its television channels with multichannel video providers. nbcuniversal's and sky's ability to renew these agreements on favorable terms may be affected by recent industry consolidation and new participants entering the market for distribution of content on digital platforms.
increasingly, nbcuniversal and sky license their prior season and library content on third party distribution platforms, including to dtc streaming and other ott service providers. if this programming does not attract sufficient viewers, these providers may not distribute nbcuniversal's or sky's programming, and dtc streaming and other ott service providers may not license programming nbcuniversal or sky creates (or license it at reduced rates). in addition, we expect not to license certain popular content, and we may decide not to license additional owned popular content, to third parties so we may offer it exclusively through peacock, which would result in foregone licensing revenue.
nbcuniversal's broadcast television networks depend on their ability to secure and maintain network affiliation agreements with third-party local broadcast television stations in the markets where it does not own the affiliated local broadcast television station. in addition, every three years, each of its owned local broadcast television stations must elect, with respect to its retransmission by multichannel video providers within its dma, either "must-carry" status, in which the distributor's carriage of the station is mandatory and does not generate any compensation for the local station, or "retransmission consent," in which the station gives up its right to mandatory carriage and instead seeks to negotiate the terms and conditions of carriage with the distributor, including the amount of compensation, if any, paid to the station by such distributor.
there can be no assurance that any of these agreements will be entered into or renewed in the future on acceptable terms. the inability to enter into or renew these agreements could reduce our revenues and the reach of our programming, which could adversely affect nbcuniversal's and sky's businesses.
less favorable european telecommunications access regulations, the loss of sky's transmission access agreements with satellite or telecommunications providers or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms could adversely affect sky's businesses.
sky relies on various third-party telecommunications providers to deliver its video, high-speed internet, voice and wireless phone services to its customers. for example, sky relies on satellite transponder capacity leased from third parties to provide most of its video services. in addition, under the current regulatory regimes in the united kingdom, ireland and italy, sky comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k accesses networks owned by third-party telecommunications providers to offer its high-speed internet and phone services, in many cases, on regulated terms, including price. if there is a change in regulation in these markets, the regulated terms could become less favorable. moreover, while sky receives wholesale fiber access on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms, specific pricing terms are not regulated. as a result, if sky is only able to enter into or renew its transmission agreements with satellite or telecommunications operators on less favorable terms, this would adversely affect sky's ability to compete, and if it is ultimately unable to do so on commercially viable terms or if these operators were to terminate their agreements, sky may be unable to deliver some of its services to customers in one or more of the countries in which it operates, which would adversely affect sky's businesses and results of operations.
our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others.
we rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other third parties, to use various technologies, conduct our operations and sell our products and services. legal challenges to our intellectual property rights and claims of intellectual property infringement by third parties could require that we enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability, or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question, from importing into the united states or other jurisdictions in which we operate hardware or software that uses such intellectual property or from the continuation of our businesses as currently conducted. we may need to change our business practices if any of these events occur, which may limit our ability to compete effectively and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. even if we believe any such challenges or claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management's attention and resources away from our businesses. moreover, if we are unable to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from our vendors and other third parties on reasonable terms, our businesses could be adversely affected.
in addition, intellectual property constitutes a significant part of the value of nbcuniversal's and sky's businesses, and their success is highly dependent on protecting the intellectual property rights of the content they create or acquire against third-party misappropriation, reproduction or infringement. the unauthorized reproduction, distribution or display of copyrighted material negatively affects our ability to generate revenue from the legitimate sale of our content, as well as from the sale of advertising in connection with our content, and increases our costs due to our active enforcement of our intellectual property rights.
piracy and other unauthorized uses of content are made easier, and the enforcement of intellectual property rights more challenging, by technological advances that allow the conversion of programming, films and other content into digital formats, which facilitates the creation, transmission and sharing of high-quality unauthorized copies. in particular, piracy of programming and films through unauthorized distribution platforms continues to present challenges for nbcuniversal's cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses, and certain illegal online entities may stream our broadcast television content online without our consent and without paying any compensation to us. it also presents similar challenges for sky's businesses, including as a result of illegal retransmission of sports events. while piracy is a challenge in the united states, it is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack developed copyright laws, effective enforcement of copyright laws and technical protective measures like those in effect in the united states. if any u.s. or international laws intended to combat piracy and protect intellectual property rights are repealed or weakened or are not adequately enforced, or if the legal system fails to adapt to new technologies that facilitate piracy, we may be unable to effectively protect our rights, the value of our intellectual property may be negatively impacted and our costs of enforcing our rights may increase.
we may be unable to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support.
we depend on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide certain of our products and services. some of these vendors represent our primary source of supply or grant us the right to incorporate their intellectual property into some of our hardware and software products. while we actively monitor the operations and financial condition of key vendors in an attempt to detect any potential difficulties, there can be no assurance that we would timely identify any operating or financial difficulties associated with these vendors or that we could effectively mitigate our risks with respect to any such difficulties. if any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties, if our demand exceeds their capacity or if they breach or terminate their agreements with us or are otherwise unable to meet our specifications or provide the equipment, products or services we need in a timely manner (or at all), or at reasonable prices, our ability to provide some products or services may be adversely affected and we may incur additional costs.
weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our businesses.
a substantial portion of our revenue comes from customers whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. weak economic conditions in the united states or globally could adversely affect demand for any of our products and services and have a negative impact on our results of operations. for example, weak economic conditions will likely impact our customers' discretionary spending and as a result, they may reduce the level of services to which they subscribe or may comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k discontinue subscribing to one or more of cable communications' or sky's services. this risk may be increased by the expanded availability of free or lower cost competitive services, such as certain dtc streaming and other ott services, or substitute services for high-speed internet and voice services, such as mobile phones and wi-fi networks. weak economic conditions also negatively impact our advertising revenue, the performance of our films and home entertainment releases, and attendance and spending in our theme parks. in particular, the success of our theme parks and theatrical releases largely depend on consumer demand for out-of-home entertainment experiences, which may be limited by weakened economic conditions (as well as natural disasters, infectious disease outbreaks (such as covid-19), terrorist attacks or other similar events).
weak economic conditions and disruption in the global financial markets may also have an impact on the ability of third parties to satisfy their obligations to us or increase our exposure to currency fluctuations in countries where we operate. in addition, in connection with our acquisition of sky, we incurred and assumed a significant amount of additional debt. if our businesses are negatively impacted by weak economic conditions, we may not be able to reduce the amount of our debt outstanding as quickly as expected. further, a significant increase in interest rates or disruption in the global financial markets may affect our ability to obtain financing or to refinance existing debt on acceptable terms, if at all, and could increase the cost of our borrowings.
acquisitions and other strategic initiatives present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that we had contemplated.
from time to time, we make acquisitions and investments and may pursue other strategic initiatives, such as peacock. in connection with such acquisitions and strategic initiatives, we may incur significant or unanticipated expenses, fail to realize anticipated benefits and synergies, have difficulty incorporating an acquired or new line of business, disrupt relationships with current and new employees, customers and vendors, incur significant debt, divert the attention of management from our current operations, or have to delay or not proceed with announced transactions or initiatives. additionally, federal regulatory agencies such as the fcc or doj or international regulators may impose restrictions on the operation of our businesses as a result of our seeking regulatory approvals for any significant acquisitions and strategic initiatives or may dissuade us from pursuing certain transactions. the occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we face risks relating to doing business internationally that could adversely affect our businesses.
we operate our businesses worldwide. there are risks inherent in doing business internationally, including global financial market turmoil; economic volatility and global economic slowdown; currency exchange rate fluctuations and inflationary pressures; political risks; the requirements of local laws and customs relating to the publication and distribution of content and the display and sale of advertising; import or export restrictions, tariffs, sanctions and trade regulations; difficulties in developing, staffing and managing foreign operations; issues related to occupational safety and adherence to diverse local labor laws and regulations; and potentially adverse tax developments. additionally, although we employ foreign currency derivative instruments to hedge certain exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risks, including the british pound and euro, the use of such derivative instruments may not be sufficient to mitigate exchange rate fluctuations. sky's businesses in particular are also subject to risks relating to uncertainties and effects of the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union (referred to as "brexit"), including financial, legal, tax and trade implications. in addition, doing business internationally subjects us to risks relating to political or social unrest, as well as corruption and government regulation, including u.s. laws such as the foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act, that impose stringent requirements on how we conduct our foreign operations. if any of these events occur or our conduct does not comply with such laws and regulations, our businesses may be adversely affected.
our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments.
our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors' use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. new technologies can materially impact our businesses in a number of ways, including affecting the demand for our products, the distribution methods of our products and content to our customers, the ways in which our customers can purchase and view our content and the growth of distribution platforms available to advertisers. for example, current and new wireless internet technologies such as 4g and 5g wireless broadband services continue to evolve rapidly and may allow for greater speed and reliability. in addition, some companies and u.s. municipalities are building advanced fiber-based networks that provide very fast internet access speeds. we expect advances in communications technology to continue to occur in the future. if we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. we also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, such as the deployment of flex and sky q set-top boxes, wireless gateways and the development of peacock. there can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue or to successfully compete in the future. we also may generate less revenue or incur increased costs if changes in our competitors' product offerings require that we offer certain services or enhancements at a lower or no cost to our customers or that we increase our research and development expenditures.
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k we rely on network and information systems and other technologies, as well as key properties, and a disruption, cyber attack, failure or destruction of such networks, systems, technologies or properties may disrupt our businesses.
network and information systems and other technologies, including those related to our network management, customer service operations, and programming delivery, and technology embedded in our products and services, are critical to our business activities. cyber threats and attacks are directed at both known and newly discovered software and hardware vulnerabilities and are constantly evolving, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. cyber threats and attacks can have cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across networks, information systems and other technologies. network, information systems and technology-related events, including those caused by us, such as process breakdowns, security architecture or design vulnerabilities, or by third parties, such as computer hackings, cyber attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or power outages, natural disasters, infectious disease outbreaks (such as covid-19), terrorist attacks or other similar events, could result in a degradation or disruption of our products and services, excessive call volume to call centers, theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets, a reduction in demand for our theme parks, disruption of the security of our internal systems and products and services or satellite transmission signals, the compromise of confidential or technical business information or damage to our equipment, data, properties and reputation. in addition, severe weather events such as hurricanes and wild fires have impacted our services, products and properties from time to time in the past and will in the future. the occurrence of these events may result in large expenditures to repair or replace the damaged properties, products, services, networks or information systems to protect them from similar events in the future, and any such events could lead to litigation or otherwise have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
in addition, we obtain certain confidential, proprietary and personal information about our customers, personnel and vendors, and in some cases provide this information to third parties, in connection with our business. while we generally obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information, there is a risk that this information may be compromised. any security breaches, such as misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information maintained in our third-party's information technology systems, including customer, personnel and vendor data, could damage our reputation and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach, could lead to litigation or could cause regulators in the united states and internationally to impose fines or other remedies for failure to comply with relevant customer privacy rules.
the risk of systems-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify in many of our businesses, and our businesses may be at a disproportionately heightened risk of these events occurring, due to the nature of our businesses and because we maintain certain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form. in the ordinary course of our business, there are frequent attempts by third parties to cause such systems-related events and security breaches and to identify our security architecture or system design vulnerabilities. while we develop and maintain systems, and operate an extensive security program, seeking to prevent systems-related events and security breaches from occurring, the development, maintenance and operation of these systems and programs is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated and evolve rapidly. despite our efforts to prevent these events and security breaches, we have experienced systems-related events and breaches in the past, and there can be no assurance that they will not occur in the future or will not have an adverse effect on our businesses. moreover, the amount and scope of insurance we maintain against losses resulting from any such events or security breaches likely would not be sufficient to cover our losses or otherwise adequately compensate us for any disruptions to our business that may result, and the occurrence of any such events or security breaches could have an adverse effect on our business.
the loss of key management personnel or popular on-air and creative talent could have an adverse effect on our businesses.
we rely on certain key management personnel in the operation of our businesses. while we maintain long-term and emergency transition plans for key management personnel and believe we could either identify internal candidates or attract outside candidates to fill any vacancy created by the loss of any key management personnel, the loss of one or more of our key management personnel could have a negative impact on our businesses.
in addition, nbcuniversal and sky depend on the abilities and expertise of on-air and creative talent. if we fail to attract or retain on-air or creative talent, if the costs to attract or retain such talent increase materially, or if these individuals cause negative publicity or lose their current appeal, our businesses could be adversely affected.
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k risks related to legal, regulatory and governance matters we are subject to regulation by federal, state, local and foreign authorities, which impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses.
while all of our businesses are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations, compliance with certain laws and regulations is most material with respect to our cable communications and broadcast television businesses in the united states. in addition, our international businesses are subject to various laws and regulations in the jurisdiction of the foreign regulatory authorities where they operate.
legislators and regulators at all levels of government frequently consider changing, and sometimes do change, existing statutes, rules or regulations, or interpretations of existing statues, rules or regulations, or prescribe new ones, any of which may significantly affect our businesses and ability to effectively compete. these legislators and regulators have been active in considering rulemakings and legislation, at times looking to adopt regulatory approaches from different countries that may be more burdensome, and they, along with some state attorneys general and foreign governmental authorities, also have been active in conducting inquiries and reviews regarding our services, and this trend likely will continue. state legislative and regulatory initiatives can create a patchwork of different and/or conflicting state requirements, such as with respect to privacy and open internet/net neutrality, that can affect our business operations and further constrain our ability to compete.
legislative and regulatory activity may increase with the change in administration following the 2020 u.s. presidential election. for example, the u.s. congress may consider proposals that address communications issues, including whether it should rewrite the entire communications act to account for changes in the communications marketplace, whether it should enact new, permanent open internet requirements, and whether it should fund new broadband infrastructure or broadband connectivity initiatives. any of these regulations could significantly affect our business and compliance costs. in addition, united states and foreign regulators and courts could adopt new interpretations of existing competition laws and united states and foreign policymakers could enact new competition laws or regulatory enforcement options that could negatively impact our businesses. with the change in administration, tax legislation could be enacted increasing the federal corporate income tax from the current rate of 21%. any future legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative actions may increase our costs or impose additional restrictions on our businesses, some of which may be significant. we are unable to predict the outcome or effects of any of these potential actions or any other legislative or regulatory proposals on our businesses.
failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could result in administrative enforcement actions, fines, and civil and criminal liability. any changes to the legal and regulatory framework applicable to any of our services or businesses could have an adverse impact on our businesses and results of operations. for a more extensive discussion of the significant risks associated with the regulation of our businesses, see item 1: business and refer to the "legislation and regulation" discussion within that section.
unfavorable litigation or governmental investigation results could require us to pay significant amounts or lead to onerous operating procedures.
we are subject from time to time to a number of lawsuits both in the united states and in foreign countries, including claims relating to competition, intellectual property rights (including patents), employment and labor matters, personal injury and property damage, free speech, customer privacy, regulatory requirements, advertising, marketing and selling practices, and credit and collection issues. greater constraints on the use of arbitration to resolve certain of these disputes could adversely affect our business. we also spend substantial resources complying with various regulatory and government standards, including any related investigations and litigation. we may incur significant expenses defending any such suit or government charge and may be required to pay amounts or otherwise change our operations in ways that could adversely impact our businesses, results of operations or financial condition.
labor disputes, whether involving employees or sports organizations, may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our businesses.
many of nbcuniversal's writers, directors, actors, technical and production personnel, as well as some of our on-air and creative talent employees, are covered by collective bargaining agreements or works councils. most of nbcuniversal's collective bargaining agreements are industry-wide agreements, and we may lack practical control over the negotiations and terms of the agreements. if we are unable to reach agreement with a labor union before the expiration of a collective bargaining agreement, our employees who were covered by that agreement may have a right to strike or take other actions that could adversely affect us, which could disrupt our operations and reduce our revenue, and the resolution of any disputes may increase our costs. there can be no assurance that we will renew our collective bargaining agreements as they expire or that we can renew them on favorable terms or without any work stoppages.
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k in addition, nbcuniversal's cable networks and broadcast television networks and sky have programming rights agreements of varying scope and duration with various sports organizations to broadcast and produce sporting events, including certain nfl, nhl, nba, mlb and european football games. labor disputes in these and other sports organizations could have an adverse effect on our businesses.
our class b common stock has substantial voting rights and separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, and our chairman and ceo has considerable influence over our company through his beneficial ownership of our class b common stock.
our class b common stock has a non-dilutable 33 1/3% of the combined voting power of our class a and class b common stock. this non-dilutable voting power is subject to proportional decrease to the extent the number of shares of class b common stock is reduced below 9,444,375, which was the number of shares of class b common stock outstanding on the date of our 2002 acquisition of at&t corp.'s cable business, subject to adjustment in specified situations. stock dividends payable on the class b common stock in the form of class b or class a common stock do not decrease the non-dilutable voting power of the class b common stock. the class b common stock also has separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, even if they are approved by our board of directors or by our other shareholders and even if they might be in the best interests of our other shareholders. these potentially material transactions include mergers or consolidations involving us, transactions (such as a sale of all or substantially all of our assets) or issuances of securities that require shareholder approval, transactions that result in any person or group owning shares representing more than 10% of the combined voting power of the resulting or surviving corporation, issuances of class b common stock or securities exercisable or convertible into class b common stock, and amendments to our articles of incorporation or by-laws that would limit the rights of holders of our class b common stock. brian l. roberts, our chairman and ceo, beneficially owns all of the outstanding shares of our class b common stock and, accordingly, has considerable influence over our company and the potential ability to transfer effective control by selling the class b common stock, which could be at a premium.
item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, the consolidated financial statements and related notes to enhance the understanding of our operations and our present business environment. components of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations include:
•results of operations
•non-gaap financial measures
•liquidity and capital resources
•off-balance sheet arrangements
•critical accounting judgments and estimates overview we are a global media and technology company with three primary businesses: comcast cable, nbcuniversal and sky. we present our operations for (1) comcast cable in one reportable business segment, referred to as cable communications; (2) nbcuniversal in four reportable business segments: cable networks, broadcast television, filmed entertainment and theme parks; and (3) sky in one reportable business segment. for more information about our company's operations, see item 1: business. additionally, refer to item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our 2019 annual report on form 10-k for management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal year 2019 compared to fiscal year 2018.
(a)adjusted ebitda is a financial measure that is not defined by generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap"). refer to the "non-gaap financial measure" section on page 57 for additional information, including our definition and our use of adjusted ebitda, and for a reconciliation from net income attributable to comcast corporation to adjusted ebitda.
2020 consolidated operating results(a)
(a)charts exclude the results of corporate and other, and eliminations.
2020 developments the following are the more significant developments in our businesses during 2020:
•covid-19 materially impacted our 2020 results of operations. while cable communications results were strong, nbcuniversal and sky results experienced material negative impacts due to the temporary closure of our theme parks and the postponement of sporting events, respectively.
•repaid $18.8 billion and issued $18.6 billion of long-term debt in 2020 ending the year with $11.7 billion of cash on hand. this financing activity resulted in a reduction in the weighted-average cost of debt due to the favorable interest rate environment and provides additional liquidity given the risks associated with the economic conditions caused by covid-19.
•revenue increased 3.4% to $60.1 billion, reflecting increases in high-speed internet, wireless, business services and advertising revenue, partially offset by declines in voice, video and other revenue.
•operating margin increased from 40.1% to 42.1%, reflecting increases in revenue from high-speed internet and business services and decreases in losses in our wireless business.
•total customer relationships increased by 1.6 million, total high-speed internet customers increased 2.0 million and total video customers decreased 1.4 million.
•capital expenditures decreased 4.4% to $6.6 billion, reflecting lower spending on customer premise equipment and support capital, partially offset by an increase in spending on scalable infrastructure.
•total nbcuniversal revenue decreased 17.3% to $28.1 billion and total nbcuniversal adjusted ebitda decreased 28.5% to $6.3 billion driven by the impacts of covid-19.
•cable networks and broadcast television segments revenue decreased 5.8% to $10.8 billion and 0.2% to $10.2 billion, respectively, reflecting decreases in advertising revenue, partially offset by increases in content licensing revenue. distribution revenue decreased at cable networks and increased at broadcast television.
•filmed entertainment segment revenue decreased 18.7% to $5.3 billion, reflecting lower theatrical and other revenues as a result of theater closures due to covid-19, partially offset by an increase in content licensing revenue.
•theme parks segment revenue decreased 68.9% to $1.8 billion and adjusted ebitda decreased from $2.5 billion to a loss of $541 million, reflecting the temporary theme parks closures due to covid-19.
•sky revenue decreased 3.3% to $18.6 billion. excluding the impact of foreign currency, sky revenue decreased 4.2% due to decreases in direct-to-consumer, advertising and content revenues driven by impacts of covid-19.
•sky adjusted ebitda decreased 37.0% to $2.0 billion. excluding the impact of foreign currency, sky adjusted ebitda decreased 37.6% primarily due to the decreases in revenue.
•launched peacock, our direct-to-consumer streaming service that features nbcuniversal content, which was made available to comcast customers in april 2020 and launched nationally in july 2020.
impacts of covid-19
covid-19 and measures taken to prevent its spread across the globe have impacted our businesses in a number of ways. our cable communications results of operations were strong in 2020, despite having been affected by the significant deterioration in domestic economic conditions and by the costs associated with our support of customer connectivity as people worked and learned remotely from home. covid-19 had material negative impacts on nbcuniversal and sky results of operations during comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k
2020 primarily due to the temporary closure of our theme parks and disruption of professional sports seasons, respectively. we expect the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic will continue to have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations over the near to medium term, although the extent of such impact will depend on restrictive governmental measures, further deterioration of the global economy and widespread availability of vaccines.
•our distribution network performed well under the stress of increased traffic and peak usage driven by increased video streaming, gaming and videoconferencing as customers worked and learned remotely from home.
•we incurred costs in 2020 associated with compensating personnel in roles affected by covid-19, primarily during the first half of the year. these costs included additional compensation for frontline personnel who worked to keep our customers connected to our services and compensation for certain personnel who were unable to work due to the closing or suspension of operations.
•beginning in march 2020 and continuing through june 2021, new qualifying customers for internet essentials, our low-income internet adoption program, receive 60 days of free internet services. we also implemented programs, primarily during the second quarter of 2020, under which we elected to waive certain fees and to not disconnect internet, voice or wireless services for customers for nonpayment, and we are providing customers a variety of flexible and extended payment options. as a result of these programs, our customer metrics for 2020 do not include customers in the free internet essentials offer or certain high-risk customers who continued to receive service following nonpayment. the number of customers excluded from our customer metrics was highest as of june 30, 2020 and these customers were excluded from second quarter net additions. the number of such customers decreased in the third and fourth quarters as some of these customers either began paying for service, resulting in customer net additions, or disconnected and no longer receive service. we expect the number of excluded customers to continue to decrease in future quarters.
•certain professional sports leagues were disrupted due to covid-19, generally resulting in postponed or canceled matches and reduced schedules. certain of our programming distribution agreements with regional sports networks include contractual adjustment provisions if a minimum number of sporting events does not occur. our programming expenses were reduced as a result of these provisions, and our revenue was negatively impacted in similar amounts as a result of adjustments that we passed through to our customers in 2020 and continue to pass through in the first quarter of 2021.
•the deterioration of economic conditions and increased economic uncertainty resulting from covid-19 have resulted in reduced demand for certain of our residential and business services and reduced spending from advertisers, which have had and, while we have seen some improvement over the course of 2020, likely will continue to have, negative impacts on our revenue over the near to medium term. in addition, we believe there is increased risk associated with collections on our outstanding receivables, and we have incurred, and may continue to incur, increases in our bad debt expense.
•the temporary closure of all of our theme parks had the most significant impact on our revenue and adjusted ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2020 on a consolidated basis. our parks in orlando and japan reopened with limited capacity in june 2020, while our park in hollywood remains closed. we expect the results of operations at our theme parks will continue to be negatively impacted in the near to medium term, and we cannot predict with certainty when the hollywood park will reopen, if any reopened parks will remain open or the level of attendance at any reopened parks. in addition, although we currently expect that universal beijing resort will open in 2021, we have delayed certain construction projects, including the development of the epic universe theme park in orlando.
•the deterioration of economic conditions caused by covid-19 resulted in significant reductions in advertising spend by our customers in the cable networks and broadcast television segments and, while we have seen some improvement over the course of 2020, we expect this trend to continue over the near to medium term. there has also been, and likely will continue to be, an acceleration of subscriber losses at our networks.
•we incurred costs in 2020 associated with compensating personnel who were unable to work due to the closing or suspension of operations due to covid-19, primarily during the first half of the year, including at our theme parks and at our production studios.
•the postponement and cancellation of many sporting events and professional sports seasons caused by covid-19 impacted our results of operations during 2020, since both advertising revenues and costs associated with broadcasting these programs are recognized when events are broadcast. while professional sports leagues generally resumed and completed their seasons in the second half of 2020, some had reduced numbers of events for the remainder of the interrupted seasons. certain of our sports programming rights agreements and distribution agreements with multichannel video providers require contractual adjustments if a minimum number of sporting events does not occur. our distribution revenue was negatively impacted as a result of credits accrued relating to these provisions; and the programming costs that we recognized as the remaining events occurred were also impacted. in addition, there have been, and there may be in the future, delays to the start of the current or upcoming seasons for certain professional sports leagues. when, or the extent to which, sporting events will occur in 2021 will impact the timing, and potentially the amount, of revenue and expense recognition. in addition, the 2020 tokyo olympics have been postponed from the third quarter of 2020 to the third quarter of 2021, resulting in a corresponding delay of the associated revenue and costs.
•the creation and availability of our film and television programming in the united states and globally have been disrupted, including from the suspension of studio production operations in the first half of 2020. our studio production operations have resumed at a limited capacity. additionally, with the temporary closure of many movie theaters worldwide, we have delayed or altered the theatrical distribution strategy for certain of our films, both domestically and internationally. delays in theatrical releases affect both current and future periods as a result of corresponding delays in subsequent content licensing windows. we expect results of operations in our filmed entertainment segment to continue to be negatively impacted over the near to medium term as a result of covid-19.
•direct-to-consumer revenue has been negatively impacted as a result of lower sports subscription revenue due to the disruption of professional sports seasons and future periods may be negatively impacted as a result of the reopening plans and the extent of reopening of our commercial customers. while sporting events generally resumed late in the second quarter of 2020 and the interrupted seasons were completed, there were delays to the start of the current seasons for certain sports, including european soccer. as a result, significant costs associated with broadcasting these programs were not recognized in 2020. covid-19 continues to result in uncertainty in the ultimate timing of when, or the extent to which, sporting events will occur in future periods; their broadcast is expected to impact the timing, and potentially the amount, of revenue and expense recognition.
•we temporarily suspended certain sales channels due to covid-19, which negatively impacted net customer additions and revenue in the first half of 2020. our sales channels generally resumed operations in june 2020.
•covid-19 has resulted in the deterioration of economic conditions and increased economic uncertainty in europe, intensifying what was an already deteriorating economic and advertising environment. these conditions negatively impacted revenue in 2020 and, while we have seen some improvement over the course of 2020, we expect covid-19 likely will continue to negatively impact advertising spend and consumer demand for our services in 2021. in addition, there is increased risk associated with collections on our outstanding receivables, and we have incurred and may continue to incur increases in our bad debt expense.
we have implemented and will continue to implement cost savings initiatives across our businesses that have impacted and will continue to impact our results of operations; certain costs incurred by our businesses in response to covid-19, including severance, are presented in corporate and other. our businesses implemented separate cost savings initiatives, with the most significant relating to severance at nbcuniversal in connection with the realignment of the operating structure in our television businesses as well as overall reductions in the cost base. we do not anticipate significant incremental costs to be incurred under these plans, and payments related to nbcuniversal employee severance are expected to be completed in 2021. nbcuniversal employee-related costs savings will be realized in operating costs and expenses primarily beginning in 2021 and a portion of these cost savings may be reallocated to investments in content and other strategic initiatives.
global financial markets have been volatile and domestic and global economic conditions continue to show signs of material weakness. at this point, it is impossible to predict the extent and duration of these and any other impacts of covid-19 to our businesses, or the degree to which demand for our products and services, or supply of key inputs to those products and services, will be affected. this uncertainty makes it challenging for management to estimate with precision the future performance of our businesses.
as of december 31, 2020, we evaluated whether the facts and circumstances and available information resulted in the need for an impairment assessment for any of our long-lived assets and concluded no assessment was required. refer to the critical comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k accounting judgments and estimates section for discussion of our impairment testing of goodwill and cable franchise rights. we will continue to evaluate the impacts of covid-19 on our businesses, including the impacts of overall economic conditions, which could result in the recognition of an impairment charge in the future.
liquidity although negatively impacted by the effects of covid-19, we expect that our businesses will continue to generate significant cash flows from operating activities and we believe that these cash flows, together with our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments, available borrowings under our existing credit facilities and our ability to obtain future external financing, will be sufficient for us to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements. in 2020, we issued $18.6 billion of long-term debt, the proceeds of which were used to repay existing indebtedness and increase cash on our balance sheet in order to bolster liquidity and strengthen our financial position as a result of the increased uncertainty related to the duration and scope of the covid-19 pandemic. we also took actions to conservatively manage cash through reductions in costs and capital expenditures in 2020. we expect the timing of certain priorities may continue to be impacted, such as the pace of our debt reduction efforts and returning capital to shareholders, and the delay of certain capital projects.
competition all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services, and entertainment, news and information content to consumers. for additional information on the competition our businesses face, see item 1: business and item 1a: risk factors. within the business section, refer to the "competition" discussion, and within the risk factors section, refer to the risk factors entitled "our businesses operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively" and "changes in consumer behavior driven by online video distribution platforms for viewing content continue to adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models."
seasonality and cyclicality each of our businesses is typically subject to seasonal and cyclical variations. see item 1: business and refer to the "seasonality and cyclicality" discussion within that section for additional information.
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k consolidated operating results year ended december 31 (in millions, except per share data)                                                            2020              2019            2018             % change             % change other operating and administrative                                                                               33,109            32,807          28,094               0.9                 16.8
advertising, marketing and promotion                                                                              6,741             7,617           7,036            (11.5)                  8.2
other operating gains                                                                                                 -                 -           (341)                        -                   nm total costs and expenses                                                                                         86,071            87,817          75,498             (2.0)                 16.3
operating income                                                                                                 17,493            21,125          19,009            (17.2)                 11.1
income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                    (3,364)           (3,673)         (3,380)             (8.4)                  8.7
percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with nm.
(a)adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap financial measure. refer to the "non-gaap financial measure" section on page 57 for additional information, including our definition and our use of adjusted ebitda, and for a reconciliation from net income attributable to comcast corporation to adjusted ebitda.
the comparability of our consolidated results of operations was impacted by the sky transaction in the fourth quarter of 2018. sky's results of operations are included in our consolidated financial statements following the october 9, 2018 acquisition date.
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k consolidated revenue the following graph illustrates the contributions to the change in consolidated revenue made by our cable communications, nbcuniversal and sky segments, as well as by corporate and other activities, including eliminations.
the primary drivers of the change in revenue from 2019 to 2020 were as follows:
•a decrease in our nbcuniversal segments revenue primarily due to the impacts of covid-19 resulting in decreased revenue at the theme parks, filmed entertainment, cable networks and broadcast segments.
•a decrease in corporate, other and eliminations revenue primarily due to an increase in eliminations as a result of the licensing of content between our nbcuniversal segments and peacock.
•a decrease in our sky segment revenue primarily due to the impacts of covid-19 resulting in decreased direct-to-consumer, advertising and content revenue, as well as the impact of foreign currency translation.
•growth in our cable communications segment revenue driven by increased revenue from high-speed internet, wireless, business services and advertising, partially offset by decreased revenue from voice, video and other revenue.
revenue for our segments and other businesses is discussed separately below under the heading "segment operating results."
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k consolidated costs and expenses the following graph illustrates the contributions to the change in consolidated operating costs and expenses, representing total costs and expenses excluding depreciation and amortization expense, made by our cable communications, nbcuniversal and sky segments, as well as by corporate and other activities, including eliminations.
the primary drivers of the change in operating costs and expenses from 2019 to 2020 were as follows:
•a decrease in nbcuniversal expenses primarily due to the impacts of covid-19, which led to decreased expenses in our filmed entertainment, theme parks, cable networks and broadcast segments.
•flat cable communications segment expenses primarily due to decreased advertising, marketing and promotion expenses and customer service expenses, offset by an increase in programming expenses, other expenses, technical product support costs, and franchise and other regulatory fees.
•an increase in corporate, other and eliminations expenses primarily due to certain costs incurred in response to covid-19, including severance charges related to our businesses, costs associated with peacock, and a legal settlement, partially offset by an increase in eliminations as a result of our licensing content between our nbcuniversal segments and peacock.
•an increase in our sky segment's expenses primarily due to an increase in other costs and direct network costs, partially offset by a decrease in programming and production costs and the impacts of foreign currency translation.
operating costs and expenses for our segments and our corporate operations, business development initiatives and other businesses are discussed separately below under the heading "segment operating results."
consolidated depreciation and amortization expense year ended december 31 (in millions)                   2020             2019             2018             % change             % change percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with nm.
nbcuniversal and sky depreciation and amortization expense increased in 2020 primarily due to amortization of certain trade names beginning in the first quarter of 2020, which were previously accounted for as indefinite-lived intangible assets (see note 11). cable communications depreciation and amortization expense decreased due to lower spending on customer premise equipment and support capital, partially offset by an increase in spending on scalable infrastructure.
amortization expense from acquisition-related intangible assets totaled $2.3 billion, $2.0 billion and $1.1 billion for 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. amounts primarily relate to customer relationship intangible assets recorded in connection with the sky transaction in the fourth quarter of 2018 and the nbcuniversal transaction in 2011.
consolidated interest expense interest expense was flat in 2020 compared to 2019 as $360 million of charges related to the early redemption of senior notes were offset by lower weighted-average interest rates and a decrease in average debt outstanding.
equity in net income (losses) of investees, net                            $(113)          $(505)          $(364)
equity in net income (losses) of investees, net the change in equity in net income (losses) of investees, net in 2020 compared to 2019 was primarily due to our investment in atairos group, inc. and our reduced share of net losses for other equity method investments. the income (losses) at atairos were driven by fair value adjustments on its underlying investments with income of $286 million in 2020 and losses of $64 million in 2019. see note 9 for additional information related to our investments.
realized and unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities, net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities, net in 2020 were primarily as a result of gains relating to transactions involving fanduel and pointsbet and a public offering by fubotv, as well as gains related to our investment in peloton, which was sold during 2020. realized and unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities, net in 2019 resulted primarily from gains related to our interests in snap, which was sold in 2019, and peloton as a result of its initial public offering in 2019. see note 9 for additional information related to our investments.
other income (loss), net the change in other income (loss), net in 2020 compared to 2019 was primarily due to the recognition of $219 million of gains related to the dilution of our hulu ownership in 2019, partially offset by foreign currency gains and lower impairments related to equity method investments in 2020.
consolidated income tax (expense) benefit our effective income tax rate in 2020 and 2019 was 23.9% and 21.6%, respectively.
in 2020, the effective income tax rate included $145 million of expense relating to the impact of tax law changes in the third quarter of 2020.
in 2019, the effective income tax rate included $125 million of benefits related to state income tax adjustments recognized in the third quarter of 2019.
consolidated net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock the decrease in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock in 2020 compared to 2019 was primarily due to our acquisition of the remaining interest of one of our noncontrolling interests.
segment operating results our segment operating results are presented based on how we assess operating performance and internally report financial information. we use adjusted ebitda as the measure of profit or loss for our operating segments (see note 2).
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k cable communications segment results of operations revenue and adjusted ebitda         residential customer relationships year ended december 31 (in millions)                  2020            2019            2018             % change             % change business services                                8,191           7,795           7,129               5.1                  9.3
operating costs and expenses programming                                     13,498          13,389          13,249               0.8                  1.1
technical and product support                    8,022           7,973           7,569               0.6                  5.3
customer service                                 2,432           2,494           2,536             (2.5)                (1.6)
advertising, marketing and promotion             3,759           4,014           4,002             (6.3)                  0.3
total operating costs and expenses              34,781          34,816          34,352             (0.1)                  1.4
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k customer metrics net additions customer relationships residential customer relationships                 30,718          29,149          28,109           1,569         1,040           925
business services customer relationships            2,426           2,396           2,303              30            94           123
total customer relationships                       33,144          31,545          30,412           1,599         1,134         1,048
residential customer relationships mix one product customers                              12,434          10,247           9,015           2,187         1,232           840
two product customers                               8,734           8,923           8,992           (188)          (69)          (25)
three or more product customers                     9,550           9,979          10,102           (429)         (123)           110
high-speed internet residential customers                              28,351          26,414          25,097           1,937         1,317         1,234
business services customers                         2,248           2,215           2,125              34            89           120
total high-speed internet customers                30,600          28,629          27,222           1,971         1,406         1,353
video residential customers                              18,993          20,288          20,959         (1,295)         (671)         (344)
business services customers                           852             966           1,027           (114)          (61)          (27)
total video customers                              19,846          21,254          21,986         (1,408)         (733)         (370)
voice residential customers                               9,645           9,934          10,153           (289)         (218)         (163)
business services customers                         1,357           1,342           1,297              15            46            60
total voice customers                              11,002          11,276          11,449           (275)         (173)         (103)
customer metrics are presented based on actual amounts. minor differences may exist due to rounding. customer relationships represent the number of residential and business customers that subscribe to at least one of our services. one product, two product, and three or more product customers represent residential customers that subscribe to one, two, or three or more of our services, respectively. for mdus, including buildings located on college campuses, whose residents have the ability to receive additional services, such as additional programming choices or our hd or dvr services, we count and report customers based on the number of potential billable relationships within each mdu. for mdus whose residents are not able to receive additional services, the mdu is counted as a single customer. residential high-speed internet and video customer metrics include certain customers that have prepaid for services. wireless lines represent the number of activated eligible wireless devices on customers' accounts. individual customer relationships may have multiple wireless lines. customer metrics for 2020 do not include certain high-risk customers who continue to receive service following nonpayment or customers in the free internet essentials offer (refer to "impacts of covid-19" for further discussion).
2020                                                                                      2019            2018         % change 2019 to 2020         % change 2018 to 2019
average monthly total revenue per customer relationship             $154.71        $156.24         $156.23                   (1.0)         %                   -   %
average monthly adjusted ebitda per customer relationship            $65.11         $62.59          $60.45                     4.0         %                 3.5   %
average monthly total revenue per customer relationship is impacted by rate adjustments and changes in the types and levels of services received by our residential and business services customers, as well as changes in advertising revenue. while revenue from our residential high-speed internet, video and voice services is also impacted by changes in the allocation of revenue among services sold in a bundle, the allocation does not impact average monthly total revenue per customer relationship. average rates in 2020 were negatively impacted by customer adjustments accrued as a result of provisions in our programming distribution agreements with regional sports networks related to canceled sporting events. for customers receiving bundled services, the revenue reduction was allocated across each of the services in the bundle.
each of our services has a different contribution to operating margin and we also use average monthly adjusted ebitda per customer relationship to evaluate the profitability of our customer base across our service offerings. we believe these metrics are useful to understand the trends in our business and average monthly adjusted ebitda per customer relationship is useful particularly as we continue to focus on growing our higher-margin businesses, including residential high-speed internet and business services.
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k cable communications segment - revenue we are a leading provider of high-speed internet, video, voice, wireless, and security and automation services to residential customers in the united states under the xfinity brand; we also provide these and other services to business customers and sell advertising. revenue is generated primarily from residential and business customers that subscribe to our services, which are marketed individually and as bundled services. we also generate revenue from selling through our allocation of scheduled advertising time on cable networks that is received as part of distribution agreements with these networks to local, regional and national advertisers.
high-speed internet we offer high-speed internet services with downstream speeds that range up to 1.2 gbps and fiber-based speeds that range up to 2 gbps. we also deploy xfi-enabled wireless gateways that deliver internet and voice connectivity, whole-home wi-fi coverage, network control and advanced security features. we believe our customer base will continue to grow as consumers choose our high-speed internet service and seek higher-speed offerings.
revenue increased in 2020 primarily due to an increase in the number of residential high-speed internet customers. the remaining increase in revenue in 2020 was due to an increase in average rates. average rates in 2020 were negatively impacted by waived fees due to covid-19 and the impacts of customer adjustments. refer to video description below for further information.
video we offer a broad variety of video services packages that may include premium networks, pay-per-view services and our on demand service. our video customers may also subscribe for additional fees to our hd and dvr services.
revenue decreased in 2020 primarily due to a decline in the number of residential video customers, partially offset by an increase in average rates. average rates in 2020 were negatively impacted by customer adjustments accrued as a result of provisions in our programming distribution agreements with regional sports networks related to canceled sporting events. for customers receiving bundled services, the revenue reduction was allocated across each of the services in the bundle.
we have experienced, and expect that we will continue to experience, declines in the number of residential video customers due to competitive pressures, and we expect that our video revenue will continue to decline as a result of the competitive environment and shifting video consumption patterns. we believe our x1 platform helps us compete more effectively against this competition, and have also continued to employ sales and marketing programs, such as promotions, bundled service offerings and service offerings targeted at specific market segments.
voice we offer voice services that provide local and long-distance calling and other related features.
revenue decreased in 2020 primarily due to a decrease in average rates and a decline in the number of residential voice customers.
we expect that the number of residential voice customers and voice revenue will continue to decline.
wireless we offer wireless phone services to customers that may choose to pay for services on an unlimited data plan, shared data plans, or per gigabyte of data used.
revenue increased in 2020 primarily due to an increase in the number of customer lines.
business services we offer a variety of products and services to businesses. our service offerings for small business locations primarily include high-speed internet services, as well as voice and video services, that are similar to those provided to residential customers, and include certain other features specific to businesses. we also offer ethernet network services that connect multiple locations and other services to meet the needs of medium-sized customers and larger enterprises, and we provide cellular backhaul services to mobile network operators.
revenue increased in 2020 primarily due to increases in average rates and an increase in the number of customers receiving our services. the rates of growth were reduced due to the negative impacts of covid-19 on small businesses.
advertising as part of our distribution agreements with cable networks, we generally receive an allocation of scheduled advertising time that is sold through our advertising business to local, regional and national advertisers. we also represent the advertising sales comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k efforts of other multichannel video providers in some markets. in addition, we generate revenue from the sale of advertising on our digital platforms. we also provide technology, tools, data-driven services and marketplace solutions to customers in the media industry, which allow advertisers to more effectively engage with their target audiences. revenue is affected by the strength of the advertising market, general economic conditions, and cyclicality related to political campaigns and issue-oriented advertising.
revenue increased in 2020 primarily due to an increase in political advertising, partially offset by a reduction in spending from advertisers due to covid-19.
in 2020, 4% of our advertising revenue was generated from our nbcuniversal segments, compared to 5% and 4% in 2019 and 2018, respectively. these amounts are eliminated in our consolidated financial statements but are included in the amounts presented above.
other other revenue primarily includes revenue related to our security and automation services. we also receive revenue related to residential customer late fees and from services, such as the licensing of our technology platforms to other multichannel video providers.
revenue decreased in 2020 primarily due to certain waived billing and collection fees due to covid-19, partially offset by higher revenue from the licensing of our technology platforms to other multichannel video providers.
cable communications segment - operating costs and expenses programming expenses programming expenses, which represent our most significant operating expense, are the fees we incur to provide content to our customers. these expenses are affected by the programming license fees charged by content providers, the fees charged for retransmission of the signals from local broadcast television stations, the number of customers we serve and the amount of content we provide.
expenses increased slightly in 2020 primarily due to increases in retransmission consent and sports programming fees, partially offset by declines in the number of video subscribers. the increase in expenses was also offset by the impact of adjustment provisions in our programming distribution agreements with regional sports networks related to canceled sporting events as a result of covid-19.
we anticipate that our programming expenses will be impacted by rate increases to a greater extent in 2021 compared to 2020 due to the timing of contract renewals, partially offset by expected declines in the number of residential video customers.
technical and product support expenses expenses include costs to complete service call and installation activities, as well as costs for network operations, product development, fulfillment and provisioning, as well as the cost of wireless handsets and tablets sold to customers and monthly wholesale wireless access fees.
expenses were flat in 2020 primarily due to increased costs associated with our wireless phone service and increased costs related to covid-19, including additional compensation costs for certain personnel, offset by cost savings initiatives implemented during the current year, as well as a reduction in activity in certain aspects of our business.
customer service expenses expenses include the personnel and other costs associated with handling the sale of services to customers and customer service activity.
expenses decreased in 2020 primarily due to lower labor costs as a result of reduced call volumes and cost savings initiatives implemented during the current year, partially offset by an increase in costs as a result of additional xfinity stores.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses expenses include the costs associated with attracting new customers and promoting our service offerings.
franchise and other regulatory fees franchise and other regulatory fees represent the fees we are required to pay to federal, state and local authorities under the terms of our cable franchise agreements.
franchise and other regulatory fees increased in 2020 primarily due to increases in the related rates of these fees.
other operating costs and expenses increased in 2020 primarily due to an increase in bad debt expense as a result of covid-19.
cable communications segment - operating margin our operating margin is adjusted ebitda as a percentage of revenue. we believe this metric is useful particularly as we continue to focus on growing our higher-margin businesses, including residential high-speed internet and business services, and on reducing losses related to our wireless phone service and improving overall operating cost management. the most significant operating costs and expenses are the programming expenses we incur to provide content to our video customers, which were flat in 2020.
our operating margin was 42.1%, 40.1% and 38.7% in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. while accrued adjustments for regional sports networks did not impact adjusted ebitda in 2020, they resulted in an increase to operating margins. losses from our wireless phone service were $206 million, $401 million and $743 million in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
2020 nbcuniversal segments operating results(a)
(a)segment details in the charts exclude the results of nbcuniversal headquarters, other and eliminations and therefore the amounts do not equal the total. revenue and adjusted ebitda charts are not presented on the same scale.
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k year ended december 31 (in millions)                  2020            2019            2018             % change                      % change revenue cable networks                                 $10,849         $11,513         $11,773             (5.8)      %                  (2.2)      %
adjusted ebitda cable networks                                  $4,616          $4,444          $4,428               3.9      %                    0.4      %
percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with nm.
cable networks segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)                  2020            2019            2018             % change             % change operating costs and expenses programming and production                       4,452           5,107           5,357            (12.8)                (4.7)
other operating and administrative               1,438           1,499           1,453             (4.1)                  3.2
advertising, marketing and promotion               343             463             535            (25.8)               (13.6)
total operating costs and expenses               6,233           7,069           7,345            (11.8)                (3.8)
cable networks segment - revenue distribution revenue is generated from the distribution of our cable network programming to traditional and virtual multichannel video providers and is affected by the number of subscribers receiving our cable networks and the fees we charge per subscriber.
distribution revenue decreased in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to increased declines in the number of subscribers at our cable networks, partially offset by increases in the contractual rates charged under distribution agreements. the decrease was also due to credits accrued at some of our regional sports networks resulting from the reduced number of games played by professional sports leagues due to covid-19. certain of our distribution agreements with multichannel video providers require contractual adjustments if a minimum number of sporting events does not occur.
advertising revenue is generated from the sale of advertising units sold on our cable networks and digital properties. advertising revenue is primarily based on the price we charge for each advertising unit, which is generally based on audience ratings, the value of our viewer demographics to advertisers and the number of advertising units we can place in our cable networks' programming schedules. advertising revenue is affected by the audience ratings of our programming, the strength of the national advertising market and general economic conditions.
advertising revenue decreased in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to continued audience ratings declines at our networks and reduced spending from advertisers as a result of covid-19, including as a result of the reduced number of sporting events, partially offset by higher prices for advertising units sold.
49                comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k content licensing and other revenue is generated primarily from the licensing of our owned programming in the united states and internationally to cable and broadcast networks and to dtc streaming service providers, as well as from the sale of our owned programming on dvds and through digital distribution services such as itunes. in addition, our cable television studio production operations generate revenue from programming the studio produces for third-party networks and for dtc streaming service providers.
revenue increased in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to revenue from our digital properties, partially offset by the timing of content provided under our licensing agreements.
in 2020, 2019 and 2018, 15%, 15% and 14%, respectively, of our cable networks segment revenue was generated from our cable communications segment. these amounts are eliminated in comcast's consolidated financial statements but are included in the amounts presented above.
cable networks segment - operating costs and expenses programming and production costs costs include the amortization of owned and acquired programming, sports rights, direct production costs, residual and participation payments, production overhead, costs associated with the distribution of our programming to third-party networks and other distribution platforms, and on-air talent costs.
costs decreased in 2020 primarily due to decreases in sports programming costs recognized resulting from the reduced number of events as a result of covid-19.
other operating and administrative expenses other operating and administrative costs and expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses.
expenses decreased in 2020 primarily due to lower employee-related costs as a result of cost savings initiatives.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses expenses consist primarily of the costs associated with promoting programming on our cable networks and digital properties.
expenses decreased in 2020 primarily due to lower spending on marketing related to our cable networks.
broadcast television segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)                  2020            2019            2018             % change             % change operating costs and expenses programming and production                       6,548           6,547           7,789                 -               (15.9)
other operating and administrative               1,476           1,564           1,547             (5.6)                  1.1
advertising, marketing and promotion               286             420             446            (31.9)                (5.9)
total operating costs and expenses               8,310           8,531           9,782             (2.6)               (12.8)
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k broadcast television segment - revenue advertising revenue is generated from the sale of advertising units sold on our broadcast networks, owned local broadcast television stations and digital properties. advertising revenue is primarily based on the price we charge for each advertising unit, which is generally based on audience ratings and the value of our viewer demographics to advertisers, and the number of advertising units we can place in our broadcast networks' and owned local television stations' programming schedules. advertising revenue is affected by the strength of the national and local advertising markets, general economic conditions, cyclicality related to political campaigns and issue-oriented advertising, and the success and ratings of our programming.
revenue decreased in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to continued declines in audience ratings and reduced spending from advertisers as a result of covid-19, partially offset by higher prices for advertising units sold.
content licensing revenue is generated from the licensing of our owned programming in the united states and internationally to various distribution platforms, including to cable and broadcast networks, and to dtc streaming service providers. in addition, our broadcast television studio production operations develop and produce original content that they license to broadcast networks, cable networks and local broadcast television stations owned by us and third parties, as well as to dtc streaming service providers. the production and distribution costs related to our owned programming generally exceed the revenue generated from the initial network license, which means the subsequent licensing of our owned programming series following the initial network license is critical to their financial success.
content licensing revenue increased in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to the timing of content provided under our licensing agreement, including transactions with peacock beginning in the second quarter of 2020.
distribution and other we generate distribution and other revenue primarily from fees for retransmission consent of our owned local broadcast television stations and associated fees received from nbc-affiliated local broadcast television stations, as well as from the sale of our owned programming on dvds and through digital distribution services. the sale of our owned programming is driven primarily by the popularity of our broadcast networks and programming series and therefore fluctuates based on consumer spending and acceptance. distribution and other revenue also includes distribution revenue associated with our periodic broadcasts of the olympic games.
revenue increased in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to increases in fees recognized under our retransmission consent agreements.
broadcast television segment - operating costs and expenses programming and production costs expenses relate to content that originates on our broadcast networks and owned local broadcast television stations, as well as owned content that is licensed to third parties. these costs include the amortization of owned and acquired programming costs, sports rights, direct production costs, residual and participation payments, production overhead, costs associated with the distribution of our programming to third-party networks and other distribution platforms, and on-air talent costs.
expenses were flat in 2020 primarily due to lower production costs as a result of delays in production and airing of new programs and cost savings initiatives and the impact of the updated accounting guidance, which removed certain limitations on the amounts capitalized for episodic television series and had a favorable impact on programming and production expense in the current year (see note 8), which were offset by higher amortization associated with content licensing sales.
other operating and administrative expenses other operating and administrative costs and expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses. expenses decreased in 2020 primarily due to decreased overhead costs as part of cost savings initiatives and lower employee-related costs.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses expenses consist primarily of the costs associated with promoting our owned and acquired television programming, as well as the marketing of dvds and costs associated with our digital properties. these expenses decreased in 2020 primarily due to lower spending on marketing related to our programming.
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k filmed entertainment segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)                2020            2019            2018             % change             % change operating costs and expenses programming and production                     2,603           2,949           3,446            (11.7)               (14.4)
other operating and administrative               988           1,131           1,189            (12.6)                (4.9)
advertising, marketing and promotion             900           1,580           1,783            (43.0)               (11.4)
total operating costs and expenses             4,491           5,660           6,418            (20.6)               (11.8)
filmed entertainment segment - revenue theatrical revenue is generated from the worldwide theatrical release of our produced and acquired films for exhibition in movie theaters and is significantly affected by the timing of each release and the number of films we distribute, as well as their acceptance by audiences. theatrical revenue is also affected by the number of exhibition screens, ticket prices, the percentage of ticket sale retention by the exhibitors and the popularity of competing films at the time our films are released. the success of a film in movie theaters is generally a significant factor in determining the revenue a film is likely to generate in succeeding distribution platforms.
revenue decreased in 2020 primarily due to theater closures as a result of covid-19.
content licensing revenue is generated primarily from the licensing of our produced and acquired films to cable, broadcast and premium networks, dtc streaming service providers and through video on demand and pay-per-view services provided by multichannel video providers and ott service providers, including through the release of certain titles made available for viewing on video on demand platforms following a shortened theatrical release window.
revenue increased in 2020 primarily due to the timing of when content was made available under licensing agreements, including transactions with peacock beginning in the second quarter of 2020, and increased sales of titles made available on demand, including certain 2020 releases after theater closures due to covid-19.
home entertainment revenue is generated from the sale of our produced and acquired films on dvds to retail stores and rental kiosks, and through digital distribution services. revenue is significantly affected by the timing and number of our releases and their acceptance by consumers. release dates are determined by several factors, including the timing of the exhibition of a film in movie theaters, holiday periods and the timing of competitive releases. the overall dvd market continues to experience declines due to the maturation of the dvd format from increasing shifts in consumer behavior toward digital distribution services and subscription rental services, both of which generate less revenue per transaction than dvd sales, as well as due to piracy.
revenue decreased in 2020 primarily due to higher sales of 2019 releases in the prior year period including how to train your dragon: the hidden world, fast & furious: hobbs & shaw and dr. seuss' the grinch, partially offset by sales of 2020 releases, including trolls world tour, 1917 and dolittle, in the current year period.
other revenue is generated from fandango, our movie ticketing and entertainment business, consumer products, the production and licensing of live stage plays, and the distribution of filmed entertainment produced by third parties.
revenue decreased in 2020 primarily due to decreases in revenue from our movie ticketing and entertainment business and live stage plays, which were impacted by theater and entertainment venue closures as a result of covid-19.
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k filmed entertainment segment - operating costs and expenses programming and production costs expenses include the amortization of capitalized film production and acquisition costs, residual and participation payments, and distribution expenses. residual payments represent amounts payable to individuals hired under collective bargaining agreements to work on productions and are calculated based on post-theatrical revenue. participation payments are primarily based on film performance and represent contingent consideration payable to creative talent, to third parties that have entered into cofinancing agreements with us and to other parties involved in the production of a film. the costs associated with producing films have generally increased in recent years and may continue to increase in the future.
expenses decreased in 2020 due to higher amortization of film production costs in the prior year period.
other operating and administrative expenses expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses.
expenses decreased in 2020 primarily due to lower costs associated with our movie ticketing and entertainment business and live stage plays, which were impacted by theater and entertainment venue closures as a result of covid-19.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses expenses consist primarily of expenses associated with advertising for our theatrical releases and the marketing of our films on dvds and in digital formats. we incur significant marketing expenses before and throughout the release of a film in movie theaters. as a result, we typically incur losses on a film prior to and during the film's exhibition in movie theaters and may not realize profits, if any, until the film generates home entertainment and content licensing revenue. the costs associated with marketing films have generally increased in recent years and may continue to increase in the future.
expenses decreased in 2020 primarily due to lower spending on current period releases as a result of covid-19.
theme parks segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)                  2020            2019            2018             % change   % change operating costs and expenses                     2,387           3,478           3,228            (31.4)                  7.7
theme parks segment - revenue revenue is generated primarily from guest spending at universal theme parks. guest spending includes ticket sales and in-park spending on food, beverages and merchandise. guest spending depends heavily on the general environment for travel and tourism, including consumer spending on travel and other recreational activities.
revenue decreased in 2020 due to the temporary closures of our theme parks as a result of covid-19, beginning in late february in japan and mid-march for our theme parks in orlando and hollywood. our theme parks in orlando and japan reopened with limited capacity in june, while our park in hollywood remains closed.
theme parks segment - operating costs and expenses expenses consist primarily of theme park operations, including repairs and maintenance and related administrative expenses; food, beverage and merchandise costs; labor costs; and sales and marketing costs.
expenses decreased in 2020 primarily due to decreases in costs related to park operations due to the park closures and lower marketing-related costs, partially offset by pre-opening costs associated with universal beijing resort. we expect to incur significant additional pre-opening costs ahead of the expected opening of universal beijing resort in 2021.
nbcuniversal headquarters, other and eliminations expenses include overhead, personnel costs and costs associated with corporate initiatives. expenses decreased in 2020 primarily due to lower employee-related costs and decreased overhead costs as part of cost savings initiatives.
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k sky segment results of operations sky's results of operations are included in our consolidated financial statements following the october 9, 2018 acquisition date, impacting the comparability of results of operations from fiscal year 2018 to fiscal year 2019, and as a result, actual growth rates for those fiscal years are not meaningful.
the discussion below compares sky's actual results for 2020 to actual results for 2019. the pro forma segment information includes adjustments as if the sky transaction occurred on january 1, 2017. pro forma data is also adjusted for the effects of acquisition accounting and eliminating the costs and expenses directly related to the transaction, but does not include adjustments for costs related to integration activities, cost savings or synergies that have been or may be achieved by the combined business. pro forma amounts are not necessarily indicative of what our results would have been had we operated the sky business since january 1, 2017, nor of our future results.
2020                                                                    2019                                                                                      2018                                             % change                                                             % change year ended december 31 (in millions)                 actual           actual        actual october 9 to december 31         pro forma adjustments(a)         pro forma           actual         constant currency growth(b)        pro forma combined growth         constant currency growth(b)
operating costs and expenses programming and production                       8,649            8,865                          2,137                              6,685                  8,822             (2.4)                        (3.5)                               0.5                                5.4
total operating costs and expenses              16,640           16,120                          3,895                             13,025                 16,920               3.2                          2.2                             (4.7)                              (0.1)
(a)pro forma amounts include the results of operations for sky for the period january 1, 2018 through october 8, 2018, as well as acquisition accounting adjustments.
(b)constant currency growth is a non-gaap financial measure. refer to the "non-gaap financial measures" section on page 57 for additional information, including our definition and our use of constant currency, and for a reconciliation of sky's constant currency growth rates.
customer metrics net additions
(in thousands)                              actual           actual           actual   actual         actual         pro forma total customer relationships           23,939           23,994           23,600        (56)      394            735
sky customer relationships represent the number of residential customers that subscribe to at least one of sky's four primary services of video, high-speed internet, voice and wireless phone service. commercial customers include hotels, bars, workplaces and restaurants with an active subscription for the purpose of providing sky services to customers. sky reports commercial customers based on the number of commercial agreements per venue in the united kingdom, and generally based on a residential equivalent unit using the multiple of residential customer revenue in italy and the number of active venues (bars and restaurants) or rooms (hotels and clinics) in germany.
2020                                                                                                  2019              2018   % change 2019 to 2020                              % change 2018 to 2019
actual           actual         pro forma   actual            constantcurrencygrowth(a)        pro forma         constantcurrencygrowth(a)
growth average monthly direct-to-consumer revenue per customer relationship          $52.93           $54.41           $57.67         (2.7)       %     (3.7)                 %          (5.7)       %     (1.0)                 %
(a)constant currency growth is a non-gaap financial measure. refer to the "non-gaap financial measures" section on page 57 for additional information, including our definition and our use of constant currency, and for a reconciliation of sky's constant currency growth rates.
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k average monthly direct-to-consumer revenue per customer relationship is impacted by rate adjustments and changes in the types and levels of services received by sky's customers. each of sky's services has a different contribution to adjusted ebitda. we believe this metric is useful in understanding the trends in our business across all of our direct-to-consumer service offerings.
sky segment - revenue direct-to-consumer revenue is derived from subscription and transactional revenue from residential and business customers. subscription revenue includes revenue from residential and business subscribers to video, high-speed internet, voice and wireless phone services, including dtc streaming service subscriptions and income from set-top boxes, wireless phone handset and tablet sales, installation, service calls and warranties. transactional revenue includes the purchase of physical and digital content, dtc streaming daily passes, and pay-per-view programming.
revenue decreased in 2020 compared to 2019. excluding the impact of foreign currency, revenue decreased primarily due to decreases in average revenue per customer relationship as a result of covid-19.
content revenue is derived from the distribution of sky's owned television channels on third-party platforms and the licensing of owned and acquired programming to third-party video providers.
revenue decreased in 2020 compared to 2019. excluding the impact of foreign currency, revenue decreased primarily due to a decrease in revenue from the distribution of sky's sports programming on third-party platforms due to postponed sporting events as a result of covid-19.
advertising revenue is derived from the sale of advertising and sponsorships across sky's owned television channels and where it represents the sales efforts of third-party channels.
revenue decreased in 2020 compared to 2019. excluding the impact of foreign currency, revenue decreased primarily due to overall market weakness, which has worsened due to covid-19, and the impact of changes in legislation related to gambling advertisements in the united kingdom and italy that occurred in the third quarter of 2019.
sky segment - operating costs and expenses programming and production costs expenses primarily relate to content broadcast on sky's channels. these costs include the amortization of owned and acquired programming costs, sports rights, direct production costs, residual and participation payments, production overhead, and on-air talent costs. these expenses also include the fees associated with programming distribution agreements for channels owned by third parties, which are generally based on the number of customers who are able to watch the programming and the platforms on which the content is provided.
expenses decreased in 2020 compared to 2019. excluding the impact of foreign currency, expenses decreased primarily due to the impacts of the disruptions of professional sports seasons as a result of covid-19, including the delayed starts of the current european soccer seasons.
direct network costs expenses primarily include costs directly related to the supply of high-speed internet and voice services, including wireless phone services, to sky's customers. this includes call costs, monthly wholesale access fees and other variable costs associated with sky's network. in addition, it includes the cost of mobile handsets sold to customers.
expenses increased in 2020 compared to 2019. excluding the impact of foreign currency, expenses increased primarily due to an increase in costs associated with sky's high-speed internet and wireless phone services as a result of increases in the number of customers receiving these services.
other expenses expenses include costs related to marketing, fees paid to third-party channels where sky represents the advertising sales efforts, subscriber management, supply chain, transmission, technology, fixed networks and general administrative costs.
expenses increased in 2020 compared to 2019. excluding the impact of foreign currency, expenses increased primarily due to higher marketing costs related to sky q and the launch of ftth services in italy and a favorable settlement in the prior year, partially offset by lower fees paid to third-party channels for advertising sales efforts resulting from the impact of covid-19.
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k corporate, other and eliminations corporate and other results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)                          2020            2019            2018   % change             % change operating costs and expenses                             3,046           1,393           1,772             118.5          (21.3)
adjustment for legal settlement                          (177)               -           (125)       nm                   nm adjustment for sky transaction-related costs              (56)           (180)           (355)       nm                   nm adjusted ebitda                                       $(2,447)          $(880)          $(779)       (178.0)       %      (12.9)        %
percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with nm.
corporate and other - revenue revenue primarily relates to comcast spectacor, which owns the philadelphia flyers and the wells fargo center arena in philadelphia, pennsylvania, and revenue at peacock beginning in the second quarter of 2020.
revenue increased in 2020 primarily due to revenue generated from peacock. the increases were partially offset by decreases at comcast spectacor as a result of covid-19.
corporate and other - operating costs and expenses expenses primarily include overhead, personnel costs, the costs of other business initiatives, such as peacock, and operating costs and expenses associated with comcast spectacor.
expenses increased in 2020 primarily due to costs associated with peacock, certain costs incurred in response to covid-19, including severance charges related to our businesses, a legal settlement and other non-recurring items, which were partially offset by a reduction in costs related to the sky transaction, including expenses resulting from the replacement of share-based compensation awards and costs related to integration activities. beginning in the second quarter of 2020, peacock costs include amortization of film and television costs and we expect to continue to incur significant costs related to additional content and marketing for the new platform. corporate and other adjusted ebitda excludes the legal settlement and sky transaction-related costs.
eliminations year ended december 31 (in millions)         2020                         2019   2018              % change                       % change operating costs and expenses                 (3,309)               (2,660)       (2,360)                  24.3   12.8
percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with nm.
for 2020, revenue and operating costs and expenses eliminations increased as a result of licensing of content between our nbcuniversal segments and peacock. refer to note 2 for further description of transactions between our segments.
non-gaap financial measures consolidated adjusted ebitda adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap financial measure and is the primary basis used to measure the operational strength and performance of our businesses as well as to assist in the evaluation of underlying trends in our businesses. this measure eliminates the significant level of noncash depreciation and amortization expense that results from the capital-intensive nature of certain of our businesses and from intangible assets recognized in business combinations. it is also unaffected by our capital and tax structures, and by our investment activities, including the results of entities that we do not consolidate, as our management excludes these results when evaluating our operating performance. our management and board of directors use this financial measure to evaluate our consolidated operating performance and the operating performance of our operating segments and to allocate resources and capital to our operating segments. it is also a significant performance measure in our annual incentive compensation programs. additionally, we believe that adjusted ebitda is useful to investors because it is one of the bases for comparing our operating performance with that of other companies in our industries, although our measure of adjusted ebitda may not be directly comparable to similar measures used by other companies.
we define adjusted ebitda as net income attributable to comcast corporation before net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock, income tax expense, investment and other income (loss), net, interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and other operating gains and losses (such as impairment charges related to fixed and intangible assets and gains or losses on the sale of long-lived assets), if any. from time to time we may exclude from adjusted ebitda the impact of certain events, gains, losses or other charges (such as significant legal settlements) that affect the period-to-period comparability of our operating performance.
we reconcile consolidated adjusted ebitda to net income attributable to comcast corporation. this measure should not be considered a substitute for operating income (loss), net income (loss), net income (loss) attributable to comcast corporation, or net cash provided by operating activities that we have reported in accordance with gaap.
income tax (benefit) expense                                                                                      3,364                         3,673                         3,380
other operating gains                                                                                                 -                             -                         (341)
adjustment for sky transaction-related costs                                                                         56                           180                           355
adjustment for legal settlement                                                                                     177                             -                           125
constant currency constant currency and constant currency growth rates are non-gaap financial measures that present our results of operations excluding the estimated effects of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. certain of our businesses, including sky, have operations outside the united states that are conducted in local currencies. as a result, the comparability of the financial results reported in u.s. dollars is affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. in our sky segment, we use constant currency and constant currency growth rates to evaluate the underlying performance of the business, and we believe it is helpful for investors to present operating results on a comparable basis year over year to evaluate its underlying performance.
constant currency and constant currency growth rates are calculated by comparing the prior year results adjusted to reflect the average exchange rates from the current year rather than the actual exchange rates that were in effect during the respective prior year.
57                comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k reconciliation of sky constant currency growth rates
2020                                                                                                  2019            % change 2019 to 2020   2019                                      2018            % change 2018 to 2019
year ended december 31 (in millions, except per customer data)                     actual         constant         constant currency growth                          actual         constant         constant currency growth currency                                                                          currency revenue direct-to-consumer                                                           $15,223          $15,698                      (3.0)          %                    $15,538          $15,326                        1.4          %
operating costs and expenses programming and production                                                     8,649            8,967                      (3.5)                                 8,865            8,406                        5.4
total operating costs and expenses                                            16,640           16,282                        2.2                                16,120           16,134                      (0.1)
average monthly direct-to-consumer revenue per customer relationship          $52.93           $54.97                      (3.7)          %                     $54.41           $54.98                      (1.0)          %
liquidity and capital resources our businesses generate significant cash flows from operating activities. we believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements, including fixed charges, through our cash flows from operating activities; existing cash, cash equivalents and investments; available borrowings under our existing credit facilities; and our ability to obtain future external financing. we anticipate that we will continue to use a substantial portion of our cash flows in repaying our debt obligations, funding our capital expenditures, investing in business opportunities and returning capital to shareholders. refer to "impacts of covid-19" for additional discussion.
we maintain significant availability under our revolving credit facilities and our commercial paper programs to meet our short-term liquidity requirements. our commercial paper programs provide a lower-cost source of borrowing to fund our short-term working capital requirements. see note 6 for additional information on our revolving credit facilities. as of december 31, 2020, amounts available under our revolving credit facilities, net of amounts outstanding under our commercial paper programs and outstanding letters of credit and bank guarantees, totaled $9.2 billion.
comcast, nbcuniversal and comcast cable are subject to the covenants and restrictions set forth in the indentures governing our public debt securities and in the credit agreements governing the comcast revolving credit facility. the financial covenant in the credit facility pertains to leverage, which is the ratio of debt to ebitda, as defined in the credit facility. we test for compliance with this financial covenant on an ongoing basis. as of december 31, 2020, we met this financial covenant by a significant margin. we do not expect to have to reduce debt or improve operating results in order to continue to comply with this financial covenant. in addition, the universal studios japan term loans contain certain financial covenants. as of december 31, 2020, universal studios japan was in compliance with all of these covenants.
operating activities components of net cash provided by operating activities year ended december 31 (in millions)                                      2020                 2019                 2018
operating income                                                $17,493              $21,125              $19,009
depreciation, amortization and other operating gains             13,100               12,953               10,676
changes in operating assets and liabilities                       (178)              (2,335)              (1,313)
payments of interest                                            (3,878)              (4,254)              (2,897)
payments of income taxes                                        (3,183)              (3,231)              (2,355)
net cash provided by operating activities                       $24,737              $25,697              $24,297
the variance in changes in operating assets and liabilities in 2020 compared to 2019 was primarily due to the impacts of covid-19, including the timing of amortization and related payments for our film and television costs, which resulted from the comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k         58
suspension of studio production operations partially offset by the timing of sporting events, as well as the extension of due dates for certain tax payments and accruals related to severance.
the decrease in income tax payments in 2020 was primarily due to lower taxable income from operations in 2020, partially offset by the taxable gain associated with the airtouch redemption which approximated the proceeds received.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities in 2020 consisted primarily of capital expenditures, cash paid for intangible assets, the construction of universal beijing resort, purchases of investments and the purchase of spectrum rights, which were partially offset by proceeds from sales of businesses and investments. net cash used in investing activities in 2019 consisted primarily of capital expenditures, cash paid for intangible assets, purchases of investments and the construction of universal beijing resort, which were partially offset by proceeds from sales of businesses and investments.
capital expenditures capital expenditures decreased in 2020 primarily due to decreases in spending by our theme parks segment as a result of covid-19 and by our cable communications segment, partially offset by increases in spending by our sky segment, reflecting the continued deployment of sky q and high-speed internet services.
our most significant recurring investing activity has been capital expenditures in our cable communications segment, and we expect that this will continue in the future. cable communications' capital expenditures decreased primarily due to lower spending on customer premise equipment and support capital, partially offset by an increase in spending on scalable infrastructure. the table below summarizes the capital expenditures we incurred in our cable communications segment in 2020, 2019 and 2018.
customer premise equipment                      $2,333          $2,659          $2,917
support capital                                    589             858             767
we expect our capital expenditures for 2021 will be focused on the continued investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity in our cable communications segment; increased investment in line extensions for the expansion of both business services and residential; and the continued deployment of wireless gateways, our x1 platform, cloud dvr technology, sky q, and international dtc streaming platforms. in addition, while we expect to invest in existing and new attractions at our universal theme parks in the future, we have paused the construction of our additional theme park in orlando, florida. capital expenditures for subsequent years will depend on numerous factors, including acquisitions, competition, changes in technology, regulatory changes, the timing and rate of deployment of new services, the capacity required for existing services, and the timing of new attractions at our theme parks.
cash paid for intangible assets in 2020, cash paid for intangible assets was flat primarily due to decreases in expenditures for software development at our cable communications segment, offset by increases in expenditures for software development at both our sky segment and at corporate, primarily related to our development of sky q and peacock, respectively.
construction of universal beijing resort construction of universal beijing resort includes costs related to the construction of the universal theme park and resort in beijing, china. see note 7.
purchase of spectrum on september 2, 2020, the fcc announced the results of its cbrs spectrum auction. in connection with the auction, we acquired the rights to $459 million of spectrum.
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k proceeds from sales of businesses and investments in 2020, proceeds from sales of businesses and investments increased primarily due to $1.7 billion of proceeds received from the sale of our investment in airtouch in the second quarter of 2020. see note 9.
purchases of investments purchases of investments in 2020 were primarily related to capital contributions to atairos and in 2019 were primarily related to hulu, including the acquisition of our proportionate share of the interest previously held by at&t, and atairos.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities in 2020 consisted primarily of repayments of debt and the related early redemption payments presented in other financing activities, dividend payments and payments related to the redemption and repayment of subsidiary preferred shares in the second quarter of 2020 presented in other financing activities (see note 9), which were partially offset by proceeds from borrowings and proceeds from the settlement of cross currency swaps related to our debt presented in other financing activities. net cash used in financing activities in 2019 consisted primarily of repayments of debt and dividend payments, partially offset by proceeds from issuance of senior notes and a collateralized obligation.
in 2020, we made debt repayments of $18.8 billion, including the early redemption and purchase of senior notes maturing between 2020 and 2047 and optional repayments of term loans due 2021 to 2023 totaling $15.8 billion.
in 2020, we issued $12.5 billion of fixed-rate senior notes maturing between 2025 and 2062, $3.2 billion (using exchange rates on the date of issuance) of fixed-rate euro senior notes maturing between 2027 and 2040 and $1.8 billion (using exchange rates on the date of issuance) of fixed-rate sterling senior notes maturing between 2029 and 2036. in 2020, we made borrowings of $1.1 billion under the universal beijing resort term loan.
we have made, and may from time to time in the future make, optional repayments on our debt obligations, which may include repurchases or exchanges of our outstanding public notes and debentures, depending on various factors, such as market conditions. any such repurchases may be effected through privately negotiated transactions, market transactions, tender offers, redemptions or otherwise. see note 6 for additional information on our financing activities.
dividends our board of directors declared quarterly dividends totaling $4.3 billion in 2020. we paid dividends of $4.1 billion in 2020. in january 2021, our board of directors approved a 9% increase in our dividend to $1.00 per share on an annualized basis. we expect to continue to pay quarterly dividends, although each dividend is subject to approval by our board of directors.
the chart below summarizes our dividends paid in 2020, 2019 and 2018. in addition, we paid $534 million and $504 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively, related to employee taxes associated with the administration of our share-based compensation plans.
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k guarantee structure our debt is primarily issued at comcast, although we also have debt at certain of our subsidiaries as a result of acquisitions and other issuances. a substantial amount of this debt is subject to guarantees by comcast and by certain subsidiaries that we have put in place to simplify our capital structure. we believe this guarantee structure provides liquidity benefits to debt investors and helps to simplify credit analysis with respect to relative value considerations of guaranteed subsidiary debt.
debt issuance costs, premiums, discounts, fair value adjustments for acquisition accounting and hedged positions, net             (1.6)           (1.7)
(a)nbcuniversal, comcast cable and comcast holdings (included within other debt subject to one-way guarantees) are each consolidated subsidiaries subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the sec. the guarantee structures and related disclosures in this section, together with exhibit 22, satisfy these reporting obligations.
(b)universal beijing resort debt financing is secured by the assets of universal beijing resort and the equity interests of the investors. see note 7 for additional information.
cross-guarantees comcast, nbcuniversal and comcast cable (the "guarantors") fully and unconditionally, jointly and severally, guarantee each other's debt securities. nbcuniversal and comcast cable also guarantee other borrowings of comcast, including its revolving credit facility. these guarantees rank equally with all other general unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the respective guarantors. however, the obligations of the guarantors under the guarantees are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of their respective non-guarantor subsidiaries. the obligations of each guarantor are limited to the maximum amount that would not render such guarantor's obligations subject to avoidance under applicable fraudulent conveyance provisions of u.s. and non-u.s. law. each guarantor's obligations will remain in effect until all amounts payable with respect to the guaranteed securities have been paid in full. however, a guarantee by nbcuniversal or comcast cable of comcast's debt securities, or by nbcuniversal of comcast cable's debt securities, will terminate upon a disposition of such guarantor entity or all or substantially all of its assets.
the guarantors are each holding companies that principally hold investments in, borrow from and lend to non-guarantor subsidiary operating companies; issue and service third-party debt obligations; repurchase shares and pay dividends; and engage in certain corporate and headquarters activities. the guarantors are generally dependent on non-guarantor subsidiary operating companies to fund these activities.
as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, the combined guarantors have noncurrent notes payable to non-guarantor subsidiaries of $124 billion and $122 billion, respectively, and noncurrent notes receivable from non-guarantor subsidiaries of $26 billion and $21 billion, respectively. this financial information is that of the guarantors presented on a combined basis with intercompany balances between the guarantors eliminated. the combined financial information excludes financial information of non-guarantor subsidiaries. the underlying net assets of the non-guarantor subsidiaries are significantly in excess of the guarantor obligations. excluding investments in non-guarantor subsidiaries, external debt and the noncurrent notes payable and receivable with non-guarantor subsidiaries, the guarantors do not have material assets, liabilities or results of operations.
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k one-way guarantees comcast provides full and unconditional guarantees of certain debt issued by sky and other consolidated subsidiaries not subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the sec.
comcast also provides a full and unconditional guarantee of $138 million principal amount of subordinated debt issued by comcast holdings. comcast's obligations under this guarantee are subordinated and subject, in right of payment, to the prior payment in full of all of comcast's senior indebtedness, including debt guaranteed by comcast on a senior basis; and are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of its non-guarantor subsidiaries (for purposes of this comcast holdings discussion, comcast cable and nbcuniversal are included within the non-guarantor subsidiary group). comcast's obligations as guarantor will remain in effect until all amounts payable with respect to the guaranteed debt have been paid in full. however, the guarantee will terminate upon a disposition of comcast holdings or all or substantially all of its assets. comcast holdings is a consolidated subsidiary holding company that directly or indirectly holds 100% and approximately 37% of our equity interests in comcast cable and nbcuniversal, respectively.
as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, comcast and comcast holdings, the combined issuer and guarantor of the guaranteed subordinated debt, have noncurrent senior notes payable to non-guarantor subsidiaries of $94 billion and $92 billion, respectively, and noncurrent notes receivable from non-guarantor subsidiaries of $23 billion and $18 billion, respectively. this financial information is that of comcast and comcast holdings presented on a combined basis with intercompany balances between comcast and comcast holdings eliminated. the combined financial information excludes financial information of non-guarantor subsidiaries of comcast and comcast holdings. the underlying net assets of the non-guarantor subsidiaries of comcast and comcast holdings are significantly in excess of the obligations of comcast and comcast holdings. excluding investments in non-guarantor subsidiaries, external debt and the noncurrent notes payable and receivable with non-guarantor subsidiaries, comcast and comcast holdings do not have material assets, liabilities or results of operations.
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k contractual obligations payment due by period as of december 31, 2020 (in millions)                                          total           year 1         years 2-3         years 4-5         more than 5
collateralized obligation(a)(b)                                            5,168               -                -             5,168                   -
operating lease obligations                                                5,381             873            1,461             1,004               2,043
(b)collateralized obligation relates to a $5.2 billion term loan facility, the principal amount of which is fully secured by the minimum guaranteed proceeds under the put/call provisions related to our investment in hulu. see note 9.
(c)purchase obligations consist of agreements to purchase goods and services that are legally binding on us and specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased and price provisions. our purchase obligations related to cable communications and sky include programming contracts with cable networks and local broadcast television stations; contracts with customer premise equipment manufacturers; contracts with communications vendors and multichannel video providers for which we provide advertising sales representation; contracts to acquire handsets and other equipment; and other contracts entered into in the normal course of business. cable communications' and sky's programming contracts include amounts payable under fixed or minimum guaranteed commitments and do not represent the total fees that are expected to be paid under programming contracts, which we expect to be significantly higher because these contracts are generally based on the number of subscribers receiving the programming. our purchase obligations related to nbcuniversal and sky include commitments to acquire film and television programming, and broadcast rights relating to sporting events, such as the olympics, the nfl and european soccer leagues, as well as obligations under various creative talent agreements, including obligations to actors, producers and television personalities, and various other television commitments. purchase obligations do not include contracts with immaterial future commitments.
(d)other long-term liabilities reflected on the balance sheet consist primarily of deferred compensation obligations and postretirement, pension and postemployment benefit obligations. our total recorded liability of $2.8 billion related to participations and residuals are not included in the table above because we cannot make a reliable estimate of the period in which these obligations will be settled. liabilities for uncertain tax positions of $1.4 billion and the associated interest and penalties are not included in the table above because it is uncertain if or when these amounts will become payable. a contractual obligation with a carrying value of $1.1 billion is not included in the table above because it is uncertain if the arrangement will be settled. the contractual obligation involves an interest held by a third party in the revenue of certain theme parks. see note 16 for additional information related to this arrangement.
(e)our contractual obligations do not include our capital commitment related to our investment in atairos due to our inability to estimate the timing of this funding. as of december 31, 2020, our remaining commitment is $1.3 billion based on the capital calls received as of that date (see note 9).
(f)total contractual obligations are made up of the following components.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2020, we did not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 8 for additional information related to recent accounting pronouncements, including the impact of the adoption of the updated accounting guidance related to film and television costs and credit losses.
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k critical accounting judgments and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and contingent liabilities. we base our judgments on our historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making estimates about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
we believe our judgments and related estimates associated with the valuation and impairment testing of goodwill and cable franchise rights and the accounting for film and television costs are critical in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting judgments and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors, and the audit committee has reviewed the related disclosures below. see also notes 4 and 11.
valuation and impairment testing of goodwill and cable franchise rights we assess the recoverability of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including cable franchise rights, annually as of july 1, or more frequently whenever events or substantive changes in circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. the assessment of recoverability may first consider qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. a quantitative assessment is performed if the qualitative assessment results in a more-likely-than-not determination or if a qualitative assessment is not performed.
goodwill goodwill results from business combinations and represents the excess amount of the consideration paid over the identifiable assets and liabilities recorded in the acquisition. we test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level and have concluded that our reporting units are generally the same as our reportable segments. we evaluate the determination of our reporting units periodically or whenever events or substantive changes in circumstances occur. when performing a quantitative assessment, we estimate the fair values of our reporting units primarily based on a discounted cash flow analysis that involves significant judgment, including market participant estimates of future cash flows expected to be generated by the business and the selection of discount rates. when analyzing the fair values indicated under discounted cash flow models, we also consider multiples of adjusted ebitda generated by the underlying assets, current market transactions and profitability information.
we performed qualitative assessments in 2020 for goodwill in our cable communications and nbcuniversal segments. the qualitative assessments considered that the estimated fair values of these reporting units substantially exceeded their carrying values at the time of our previous quantitative assessments in 2018; changes in projected future cash flows; recent market transactions and overall macroeconomic conditions, including the effects of covid-19; discount rates; and changes in our market capitalization. based on these assessments, we concluded that it was more likely than not that the estimated fair values of our reporting units were higher than their carrying values and that the performance of a quantitative impairment test was not required. we performed a quantitative assessment in 2020 for goodwill in our sky segment and the estimated fair value of the reporting unit was higher than the carrying value. assets and liabilities resulting from a business combination are initially recorded at fair value and the risk of goodwill impairment is reduced as the value of the businesses in a reporting unit increases and as the carrying value of the reporting unit decreases due to the amortization of the historical cost of acquired long-lived assets over time. given the goodwill in our sky segment resulted from our recent acquisition of sky in the fourth quarter of 2018, the fair value is in close proximity to the carrying value of the sky reporting unit.
changes in market conditions, laws and regulations, and key assumptions made in future quantitative assessments, including expected cash flows, competitive factors and discount rates, could negatively impact the results of future impairment testing and could result in the recognition of an impairment charge.
cable franchise rights our cable franchise rights assets result from agreements we have with state and local governments that allow us to construct and operate a cable business within a specified geographic area. the value of a franchise is derived from the economic benefits we receive from the right to solicit new customers and to market additional services in a particular service area. the amounts we record for cable franchise rights are primarily a result of cable system acquisitions. typically when we acquire a cable system, the most significant asset we record is the value of the cable franchise rights. often these cable system acquisitions include multiple franchise areas. we currently serve approximately 6,400 franchise areas in the united states.
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k we have concluded that our cable franchise rights have an indefinite useful life since there are no legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors which limit the period over which these rights will contribute to our cash flows. accordingly, we do not amortize our cable franchise rights.
for purposes of impairment testing, we have grouped the recorded values of our various cable franchise rights into our three cable communications divisions or units of account. we evaluate the unit of account periodically to ensure our impairment testing is performed at an appropriate level.
when performing a quantitative assessment, we estimate the fair values of our cable franchise rights primarily based on a discounted cash flow analysis that involves significant judgment, including the estimate of future cash flows and the selection of discount rates. when analyzing the fair values indicated under the discounted cash flow models, we also consider multiples of adjusted ebitda generated by the underlying assets, current market transactions and profitability information.
in 2020, we performed a qualitative assessment of our cable franchise rights. at the time of our previous quantitative assessment in 2018, the estimated fair values of our franchise rights substantially exceeded their carrying values. we also considered various factors that would affect the estimated fair values of our cable franchise rights in our qualitative assessment, including changes in our projected future cash flows associated with our cable communications segment; recent market transactions and overall macroeconomic conditions, including the effects of covid-19; discount rates; and changes in our market capitalization. based on this assessment, we concluded that it was more likely than not that the estimated fair values of our cable franchise rights were higher than the carrying values and that the performance of a quantitative impairment test was not required.
changes in market conditions, laws and regulations and key assumptions made in future quantitative assessments, including expected cash flows, competitive factors and discount rates, could negatively impact the results of future impairment testing and could result in the recognition of an impairment charge.
film and television content we capitalize costs for owned film and television content, including direct costs, production overhead, print costs, development costs and interest, as well as acquired libraries. we have determined that the predominant monetization strategy for the substantial majority of our content is on an individual basis. amortization for owned content predominantly monetized on an individual basis and accrued costs associated with participations and residual payments are recorded using the individual film forecast computation method, which recognizes the costs in the same ratio as the associated ultimate revenue.
our estimates of ultimate revenue for films generally include revenue from all sources that are expected to be earned within 10 years from the date of a film's initial release. these estimates are based on the distribution strategy and historical performance of similar content, as well as factors unique to the content itself. the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of ultimate revenue for a film intended for theatrical release is the film's theatrical performance, as subsequent revenue from the licensing and sale of a film has historically exhibited a high correlation to its theatrical performance. upon a film's release, our estimates of revenue from succeeding markets, including from content licensing across multiple platforms and home entertainment sales, are revised based on historical relationships and an analysis of current market trends.
with respect to television series or other owned television programming, the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of ultimate revenue is whether the series can be successfully licensed beyond its initial license window. initial estimates of ultimate revenue are limited to the amount of revenue attributed to the initial license window. once it is determined that a television series or other owned television programming can be licensed beyond the initial license window, revenue estimates for these additional windows or platforms, such as u.s. and international syndication, home entertainment, and other distribution platforms, are included in ultimate revenue. revenue estimates for produced episodes include revenue expected to be earned within 10 years of delivery of the initial episode or, if still in production, 5 years from the delivery of the most recent episode, if later.
we capitalize the costs of licensed content when the license period begins, the content is made available for use and the costs of the licenses are known. licensed content is amortized as the associated programs are broadcast. we recognize the costs of multiyear, live-event sports rights as the rights are utilized over the contract term based on estimated relative value. estimated relative value is generally based on the ratio of the current period revenue to the estimated ultimate revenue or the terms of the contract. our estimates of ultimate revenue for sports rights include estimates of advertising and subscribers receiving or viewing the broadcasts over the term of the agreements.
comcast 2020 annual report on form 10-k capitalized film and television costs are subject to impairment testing when certain triggering events are identified. the substantial majority of our owned content is evaluated for impairment on an individual title basis. licensed content that is not part of a film group is tested for impairment primarily on a channel, network or platform basis, with the exception of our broadcast networks and owned local broadcast television stations, which are tested on a daypart basis. sports rights are accounted for as executory contracts and are not subject to impairment. when performing an impairment assessment, we estimate fair value primarily based on a discounted cash flow analysis that involves significant judgment, including market participant estimates of future cash flows, which are supported by internal forecasts. adjustments to capitalized film and television costs were not material in any of the periods presented.