item 1a.    risk factors set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to our investors. this section contains forward-looking statements. you should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements in item 1. business under the caption "forward-looking statements".
industry and economic risks our growth would suffer if the markets into which we sell our products and services decline, do not grow as anticipated or experience cyclicality. our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve. any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets would diminish demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our financial statements. certain of our businesses operate in industries that may experience periodic, cyclical downturns.
we are subject to risks associated with public health crises and epidemics/pandemics, such as the covid-19 pandemic. our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises and epidemics/pandemics, such as covid-19. the global spread of covid-19 has created significant volatility, uncertainty and worldwide economic disruption, resulting in an economic slowdown of potentially extended duration.
covid-19 has had an adverse impact on certain of our operations, supply chains and distribution systems, including as a result of impacts associated with preventive and precautionary measures that we, other businesses and governments are taking. due to these impacts and measures, we have experienced significant and unpredictable reductions as well as increases in demand for certain of our products. many employers in the united states and europe are continuing to require their employees to work from home or not go into their offices. if the pandemic continues and conditions worsen, we could experience a decline in sales activities and customer orders in certain of our businesses, and it remains uncertain what impact these declines would have on future sales and customer orders once conditions begin to improve. in addition to existing travel restrictions, countries may continue to close or decline to reopen borders, impose prolonged quarantines, and further restrict travel, which would significantly impact our ability to support our sites and customers in those locations and the ability of our employees to get to their places of work to produce products, or significantly hamper our products from moving through the supply chain. as a result, covid-19 may materially adversely affect revenue growth in certain of our businesses, and it is uncertain how materially covid-19 will affect our global operations generally if these impacts were to persist or worsen over an extended thermo fisher scientific inc.
risk factors (continued)
period of time. the extent and duration of the impacts are uncertain and dependent in part on customers returning to work and economic activity ramping up.
the company has mobilized to support the covid-19 response with products and services that help diagnose the virus as well as assisting customers to develop potential therapeutics and vaccines used to protect from the virus. our ability to continue to manufacture products is highly dependent on our ability to maintain the safety and health of our factory employees. the ability of our employees to work may be significantly impacted by individuals contracting or being exposed to covid-19. while we are following the requirements of governmental authorities and taking preventative and protective measures to prioritize the safety of our employees, these measures may not be successful, and we may be required to temporarily close facilities or take other measures. while we are staying in close communication with our sites, employees, customers and suppliers and acting to mitigate the impact of this dynamic and evolving situation, the duration and extent of the effect of covid-19 on the company is not determinable.
in addition, several of the company's businesses have had an increase in revenues due to sales of products addressing diagnosis and treatment of covid-19. while these positive impacts are expected to continue into 2021, the duration and extent of future revenues from such sales are uncertain and dependent primarily on customer testing demand.
our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. our business is affected by general economic conditions, both inside and outside the u.s. if the global economy and financial markets, or economic conditions in europe, the u.s. or other key markets, continue to be unstable (including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic), it could adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of the company and its customers, distributors, and suppliers, having the effect of
•reducing demand for some of our products;
•increasing the rate of order cancellations or delays;
•increasing the risk of excess and obsolete inventories;
•increasing pressure on the prices for our products and services;
economic, political, foreign currency and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our results of operations. international markets contribute a substantial portion of our revenues, and we intend to continue expanding our presence in these regions. the exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates takes on different forms. international revenues and costs are subject to the risk that fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect our reported revenues and profitability when translated into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. these fluctuations could also adversely affect the demand for products and services provided by us. as a multinational corporation, our businesses occasionally invoice third-party customers in currencies other than the one in which they primarily do business (the "functional currency"). movements in the invoiced currency relative to the functional currency could adversely impact our cash flows and our results of operations. as our international sales grow, exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates could have a larger effect on our financial results. in 2020, currency translation had a favorable effect of $133 million on revenues due to the weakening of the u.s. dollar relative to other currencies in which the company sells products and services.
in addition, many of our employees, contract manufacturers, suppliers, job functions, outsourcing activities and manufacturing facilities are located outside the united states. accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors, including:
•interruption to transportation flows for delivery of parts to us and finished goods to our customers;
•changes in a specific country's or region's political, economic or other conditions;
•changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, including new tariffs, trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, trade embargoes and sanctions and other trade barriers;
•the impact of public health epidemics/pandemics on the global economy, such as the covid-19 pandemic;
•negative consequences from changes in tax laws;
risk factors (continued)
•differing protection of intellectual property;
•unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; and
•geopolitical uncertainty or turmoil, including terrorism and war.
for example, on january 31, 2020, the united kingdom formally withdrew from the european union, or eu (commonly referred to as "brexit") and on december 24, 2020, the u.k. and eu announced they had entered into a post-brexit deal on certain aspects of trade and other strategic and political issues. this withdrawal has created political and economic uncertainty, particularly in the united kingdom and the eu, and this uncertainty may last for years. our business could be affected during this period of uncertainty, and perhaps longer, by the impact of the united kingdom's withdrawal from the eu. in addition, our business could be negatively affected by new trade agreements between the united kingdom and other countries, including the united states, and by the possible imposition of trade or other regulatory barriers in the united kingdom. these possible negative impacts, and others resulting from the united kingdom's withdrawal from the eu, may adversely affect our operating results and our customers' businesses.
demand for some of our products depends on capital spending policies of our customers and on government funding policies. our customers include pharmaceutical and chemical companies, laboratories, universities, healthcare providers, government agencies and public and private research institutions. many factors, including public policy spending priorities, available resources and product and economic cycles, have a significant effect on the capital spending policies of these entities.
spending by some of these customers fluctuates based on budget allocations and the timely passage of the annual federal budget. an impasse in federal government budget decisions could lead to substantial delays or reductions in federal spending.
business risks we must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. we sell our products in several industries that are characterized by rapid and significant technological changes, frequent new product and service introductions and enhancements and evolving industry standards. competitive factors include technological innovation, price, service and delivery, breadth of product line, customer support, e-business capabilities and the ability to meet the special requirements of customers. our competitors may adapt more quickly to new technologies and changes in customers' requirements than we can. without the timely introduction of new products, services and enhancements, our products and services will likely become technologically obsolete over time, in which case our revenues and operating results would suffer.
many of our existing products and those under development are technologically innovative and require significant planning, design, development and testing at the technological, product and manufacturing-process levels. our customers use many of our products to develop, test and manufacture their own products. as a result, we must anticipate industry trends and develop products in advance of the commercialization of our customers' products. if we fail to adequately predict our customers' needs and future activities, we may invest heavily in research and development of products and services that do not lead to significant revenues.
it may be difficult for us to implement our strategies for improving internal growth. our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve. any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets could diminish demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. to address this issue, we are pursuing a number of strategies to improve our internal growth, including:
•strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets;
•allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects;
•expanding our service offerings;
•continuing key customer initiatives;
•combining sales and marketing operations in appropriate markets to compete more effectively;
risk factors (continued)
•finding new markets for our products; and
•continuing the development of commercial tools and infrastructure to increase and support cross-selling opportunities of products and services to take advantage of our depth in product offerings.
we may not be able to successfully implement these strategies, and these strategies may not result in the expected growth of our business.
because we compete directly with certain of our larger customers and product suppliers, our results of operations could be adversely affected in the short term if these customers or suppliers abruptly discontinue or significantly modify their relationship with us. our largest customer in the laboratory products business is also a significant competitor. our business may be harmed in the short term if our competitive relationship in the marketplace with certain of our large customers results in a discontinuation of their purchases from us. in addition, we manufacture products that compete directly with products that we source from third-party suppliers. we also source competitive products from multiple suppliers. our business could be adversely affected in the short term if any of our large third-party suppliers abruptly discontinues selling products to us.
our inability to complete any pending acquisitions or to successfully integrate any new or previous acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business. our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that complement or augment our existing products and services. certain acquisitions may be difficult to complete for a number of reasons, including the need for antitrust and/or other regulatory approvals. any acquisition we may complete may be made at a substantial premium over the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the acquired company. further, we may not be able to integrate acquired businesses successfully into our existing businesses, make such businesses profitable, or realize anticipated cost savings or synergies, if any, from these acquisitions, which could adversely affect our business.
moreover, we have acquired many companies and businesses. as a result of these acquisitions, we recorded significant goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets (primarily tradenames) on our balance sheet, which amount to approximately $26.04 billion and $1.24 billion, respectively, as of december 31, 2020. in addition, we have definite-lived intangible assets totaling $11.45 billion as of december 31, 2020. we assess the realizability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets annually as well as whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that these assets may be impaired. we assess the realizability of definite-lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that these assets may be impaired. these events or circumstances would generally include operating losses or a significant decline in earnings associated with the acquired business or asset. our ability to realize the value of the goodwill and intangible assets will depend on the future cash flows of these businesses. these cash flows in turn depend in part on how well we have integrated these businesses. if we are not able to realize the value of the goodwill and intangible assets, we may be required to incur material charges relating to the impairment of those assets.
operational risks our reliance upon sole or limited sources of supply for certain materials or components could cause production interruptions, delays and inefficiencies. some of our businesses purchase certain materials from sole or limited source suppliers for reasons of quality assurance, regulatory requirements, cost effectiveness, availability or uniqueness of design. if these or other suppliers encounter financial, operating or other difficulties or if our relationship with them changes, we might not be able to quickly establish or qualify replacement sources of supply. the supply chains for our businesses could also be disrupted by supplier capacity constraints, bankruptcy or exiting of the business for other reasons, decreased availability of key raw materials or commodities and external events such as natural disasters, pandemic health issues such as covid-19, war, terrorist actions, governmental actions and legislative or regulatory changes. any of these factors could result in production interruptions, delays, extended lead times and inefficiencies.
a significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems or violation of data privacy laws could adversely affect our business. as a part of our ongoing effort to upgrade our current information systems, we periodically implement new enterprise resource planning software and other software applications to manage certain of our business operations. as we implement and add functionality, problems could arise that we have not foreseen. such problems could disrupt our ability to provide quotes, take customer orders and otherwise run our business in a timely manner. when we upgrade or change systems, we may suffer interruptions in service, loss of data or reduced functionality. in addition, if our new systems fail to provide accurate pricing and cost data our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
we also rely on our information technology systems to process, transmit and store electronic information (including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personally identifiable data relating to employees, customers and other business partners) and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities (such as interacting with suppliers, selling our products and services, fulfilling orders and billing, collecting and making payments, shipping products, thermo fisher scientific inc.
risk factors (continued)
providing services and support to customers, tracking customer activity, fulfilling contractual obligations and otherwise conducting business). our systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, computer hackers, computer viruses, ransomware, phishing, computer denial-of-service attacks, unauthorized access to customer or employee data or company trade secrets, and other attempts to harm our systems. certain of our systems are not redundant, and our disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for every eventuality. despite any precautions we may take, such problems could result in, among other consequences, interruptions in our services, which could harm our reputation and financial results. any of the cyber-attacks, breaches or other disruptions or damage described above, if significant, could materially interrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, result in theft of our and our customers' intellectual property and trade secrets, damage customer, business partner and employee relationships and our reputation or result in defective products or services, legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy laws and increased cost for security and remediation, each of which could adversely affect our business and financial results.
if we are unable to maintain reliable information technology systems and appropriate controls with respect to global data privacy and security requirements and prevent data breaches, we may suffer regulatory consequences in addition to business consequences. as a global organization, we are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal and/or sensitive data in the course of our business. for example, in the united states, individual states regulate data breach and security requirements and multiple governmental bodies assert authority over aspects of the protection of personal privacy. european laws require us to have an approved legal mechanism to transfer personal data out of europe, and the eu general data protection regulation imposes significantly stricter requirements in how we collect and process personal data. several countries, such as china and russia, have passed laws that require personal data relating to their citizens to be maintained on local servers and impose additional data transfer restrictions. government enforcement actions can be costly and interrupt the regular operation of our business, and data breaches or violations of data privacy laws can result in fines, reputational damage and civil lawsuits, any of which may adversely affect our business, reputation and financial statements.
we may incur unexpected costs from increases in fuel and raw material prices, which could reduce our earnings and cash flows. our primary commodity exposures are for fuel, petroleum-based resins and steel. while we may seek to minimize the impact of price increases through higher prices to customers and various cost-saving measures, our earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected in the event these measures are insufficient to cover our costs.
because we rely heavily on third-party package-delivery services, a significant disruption in these services or significant increases in prices may disrupt our ability to ship products, increase our costs and lower our profitability. we ship a significant portion of our products to our customers through independent package delivery companies, such as federal express in the u.s. and dhl in europe. we also maintain a small fleet of vehicles dedicated to the delivery of our products and ship our products through other carriers, including national and regional trucking firms, overnight carrier services and the u.s. postal service. if one or more of these third-party package-delivery providers were to experience a major work stoppage, preventing our products from being delivered in a timely fashion or causing us to incur additional shipping costs we could not pass on to our customers, our costs could increase and our relationships with certain of our customers could be adversely affected. in addition, if one or more of these third-party package-delivery providers were to increase prices, and we were not able to find comparable alternatives or make adjustments in our delivery network, our profitability could be adversely affected.
natural disasters, public health crises, political crises, and other catastrophic events or other events outside of our control may disrupt our facilities or the facilities of third parties on which we depend, and could impact customer spending. we have significant operations in california, near major earthquake faults, which make us susceptible to earthquake risk. an earthquake or other natural disaster such as a fire or hurricane or power shortages or outages could disrupt our operations or impair our critical systems. any of these disruptions or other events outside of our control, such as strikes or other labor unrest, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, if any of our facilities, including our manufacturing or warehouse facilities, or the facilities of our suppliers, third-party service providers, or customers, is affected by natural disasters, such as earthquakes, tsunamis, power shortages or outages, floods or monsoons, public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, political crises, such as terrorism, war, political instability or other conflict, or other events outside of our control, such as strikes or other labor unrest, our results of operations could be adversely affected. moreover, these types of events could negatively impact customer spending in the impacted regions or depending upon the severity, globally, which could also adversely impact our operating results. for example, as described above, the covid-19 pandemic has impacted and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
risk factors (continued)
legal, quality and regulatory risks changes in governmental regulations may reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses. we compete in many markets in which we and our customers must comply with federal, state, local and international regulations, such as environmental, health and safety and food and drug regulations. we develop, configure and market our products to meet customer needs created by those regulations. any significant change in regulations could reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses. for example, we manufacture pharmaceuticals and many of our instruments are marketed to the pharmaceutical industry for use in discovering and developing drugs. changes in the u.s. food and drug administration's regulation of the drug discovery and development process could have an adverse effect on the demand for these products.
we are subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws and regulations or comply with government contracts could harm our business by leading to a reduction in revenues associated with these customers. we have agreements relating to the sale of our products to government entities and, as a result, we are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the government. the laws governing government contracts differ from the laws governing private contracts and government contracts may contain pricing terms and conditions that are not applicable to private contracts. we are also subject to investigation for compliance with the regulations governing government contracts. a failure to comply with these regulations could result in suspension of these contracts, criminal, civil and administrative penalties or debarment.
our pharma services offerings are highly complex, and if we are unable to provide quality and timely offerings to our customers, our business could suffer. our pharma services offerings are highly exacting and complex, due in part to strict quality and regulatory requirements. our operating results in this business depend on our ability to execute and, when necessary, improve our quality management strategy and systems, and our ability to effectively train and maintain our employee base with respect to quality management. a failure of our quality control systems could result in problems with facility operations or preparation or provision of products. in each case, such problems could arise for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials or environmental factors and damage to, or loss of, manufacturing operations. such problems could affect production of a particular batch or series of batches of products, requiring the destruction of such products or a halt of facility production altogether.
in addition, our failure to meet required quality standards may result in our failure to timely deliver products to our customers, which in turn could damage our reputation for quality and service. any such failure could, among other things, lead to increased costs, lost revenues, reimbursement to customers for lost drug product, registered intermediates, registered starting materials, and active pharmaceutical ingredients, other customer claims, damage to and possibly termination of existing customer relationships, time and expense spent investigating the cause and, depending on the cause, similar losses with respect to other batches or products. production problems in our drug and biologic manufacturing operations could be particularly significant because the cost of raw materials for such manufacturing is often high. if problems in preparation or manufacture of a product or failures to meet required quality standards for that product are not discovered before such product is released to the market, we may be subject to adverse regulatory actions, including product recalls, product seizures, injunctions to halt manufacture and distribution, restrictions on our operations, civil sanctions, including monetary sanctions, and criminal actions. in addition, such problems or failures could subject us to litigation claims, including claims from our customers for reimbursement for the cost of lost or damaged active pharmaceutical ingredients, the cost of which could be significant.
we are subject to product and other liability risks for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage. we may be named as a defendant in product liability lawsuits, which may allege that products or services we have provided from our pharma services offerings have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition or injury to consumers. additionally, products currently or previously sold by our environmental and process instruments and radiation measurement and security instruments businesses include fixed and portable instruments used for chemical, radiation and trace explosives detection. these products are used in airports, embassies, cargo facilities, border crossings and other high-threat facilities for the detection and prevention of terrorist acts. if any of these products were to malfunction, it is possible that explosive or radioactive material could fail to be detected by our product, which could lead to product liability claims. there are also many other factors beyond our control that could lead to liability claims, such as the reliability and competence of the customers' operators and the training of such operators.
any such product liability claims brought against us could be significant and any adverse determination may result in liabilities in excess of our insurance coverage. although we carry product liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our current insurance will be sufficient to cover these claims or that it can be maintained on acceptable terms, if at all.
we are required to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations, and are subject to regulation by various federal, state and foreign agencies. we are subject to various local, state, federal, foreign and transnational laws and regulations, which include the operating and security standards of the u.s. federal drug administration (the fda), the u.s.
risk factors (continued)
drug enforcement agency (the dea), various state boards of pharmacy, state health departments, the u.s. department of health and human services (the dhhs), the european medicines agency (the ema), in europe, the eu member states and other comparable agencies and, in the future, any changes to such laws and regulations could adversely affect us. in particular, we are subject to laws and regulations concerning current good manufacturing practices and drug safety. our subsidiaries may be required to register for permits and/or licenses with, and may be required to comply with the laws and regulations of the dea, the fda, the dhhs, foreign agencies including the ema, and other various state boards of pharmacy, state health departments and/or comparable state agencies as well as certain accrediting bodies depending upon the type of operations and location of product distribution, manufacturing and sale.
the manufacture, distribution and marketing of many of our products and services, including medical devices and pharma services, are subject to extensive ongoing regulation by the fda, the dea, the ema, and other equivalent local, state, federal and non-u.s. regulatory authorities. in addition, we are subject to inspections by these regulatory authorities. failure by us or by our customers to comply with the requirements of these regulatory authorities, including without limitation, remediating any inspectional observations to the satisfaction of these regulatory authorities, could result in warning letters, product recalls or seizures, monetary sanctions, injunctions to halt manufacture and distribution, restrictions on our operations, civil or criminal sanctions, or withdrawal of existing or denial of pending approvals, including those relating to products or facilities. in addition, such a failure could expose us to contractual or product liability claims, contractual claims from our customers, including claims for reimbursement for lost or damaged active pharmaceutical ingredients, as well as ongoing remediation and increased compliance costs, any or all of which could be significant. we are the sole manufacturer of a number of pharmaceuticals for many of our customers and a negative regulatory event could impact our customers' ability to provide products to their customers.
we are also subject to a variety of federal, state, local and international laws and regulations that govern, among other things, the handling, transportation and manufacture of substances that could be classified as hazardous, and we are required to comply with various import laws and export control and economic sanctions laws, which may affect our transactions with certain customers. in certain circumstances, export control and economic sanctions regulations may prohibit the export of certain products, services and technologies. in other circumstances, we may be required to obtain an export license before exporting the controlled item. compliance with the various import laws that apply to our businesses can restrict our access to, and increase the cost of obtaining, certain products and at times can interrupt our supply of imported inventory. any noncompliance by us with applicable laws and regulations or the failure to maintain, renew or obtain necessary permits and licenses could result in criminal, civil and administrative penalties and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
our reputation, ability to do business and financial statements may be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, agents or business partners. we have internal controls and compliance systems to protect the company against acts committed by employees, agents or businesses that we acquire that would violate u.s. and/or non-u.s. laws, including the laws governing payments to government officials, bribery, fraud, kickbacks and false claims, pricing, sales and marketing practices, conflicts of interest, competition, employment practices and workplace behavior, export and import compliance, money laundering and data privacy, but we cannot provide assurance that these controls and systems will prevent every such wrongful act. in particular, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree. any such improper actions or allegations of such acts could damage our reputation and subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the united states and in other jurisdictions and related shareholder lawsuits, could lead to substantial civil and criminal, monetary and nonmonetary penalties and could cause us to incur significant legal and investigatory fees. in addition, the government may seek to hold us liable for violations committed by companies which we acquire. we also rely on our suppliers to adhere to our supplier standards of conduct, and material violations of such standards of conduct could occur that could have a material effect on our business, reputation and financial statements.
our inability to protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business. in addition, third parties may claim that we infringe their intellectual property, and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expense as a result. we place considerable emphasis on obtaining patent and trade secret protection for significant new technologies, products and processes because of the length of time and expense associated with bringing new products through the development process and into the marketplace. our success depends in part on our ability to develop patentable products and obtain and enforce patent protection for our products both in the united states and in other countries. we own numerous u.s. and foreign patents, and we intend to file additional applications, as appropriate, for patents covering our products. patents may not be issued for any pending or future patent applications owned by or licensed to us, and the claims allowed under any issued patents may not be sufficiently broad to protect our technology. any issued patents owned by or licensed to us may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, and the rights under these patents may not provide us with competitive advantages. in thermo fisher scientific inc.
risk factors (continued)
addition, competitors may design around our technology or develop competing technologies. intellectual property rights may also be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries, which could make it easier for competitors to capture increased market position. we could incur substantial costs to defend ourselves in suits brought against us or in suits in which we may assert our patent rights against others. an unfavorable outcome of any such litigation could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
third parties may assert claims against us to the effect that we are infringing on their intellectual property rights. in the event that a claim relating to intellectual property is asserted against us, or third parties not affiliated with us hold pending or issued patents that relate to our products or technology, we may seek licenses to such intellectual property or challenge those patents. however, we may be unable to obtain these licenses on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, and our challenge of the patents may be unsuccessful. our failure to obtain the necessary licenses or other rights could prevent the sale, manufacture, or distribution of our products and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks relating to financial profile fluctuations in our effective tax rate may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. as a global company, we are subject to taxation in numerous countries, states and other jurisdictions. in preparing our financial statements, we record the amount of tax that is payable in each of the countries, states and other jurisdictions in which we operate. our future effective tax rate, however, may be lower or higher than experienced in the past due to numerous factors, including a change in the mix of our profitability from country to country, changes in accounting for income taxes and recently enacted and future changes in tax laws in jurisdictions in which we operate. any of these factors could cause us to experience an effective tax rate significantly different from previous periods or our current expectations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows.
our existing and future indebtedness may restrict our investment opportunities or limit our activities and negatively impact our credit ratings. as of december 31, 2020, we had approximately $21.74 billion in outstanding indebtedness. in addition, we have availability to borrow under a revolving credit facility that provides for up to $3.00 billion of unsecured multi-currency revolving credit. we may also obtain additional long-term debt and lines of credit to meet future financing needs, which would have the effect of increasing our total leverage.
our leverage could have negative consequences, including increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions, limiting our ability to obtain additional financing and limiting our ability to acquire new products and technologies through strategic acquisitions.
our ability to make scheduled payments, refinance our obligations or obtain additional financing will depend on our future operating performance and on economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. our business may not generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations. if we are unable to service our debt, refinance our existing debt or obtain additional financing, we may be forced to delay strategic acquisitions, capital expenditures or research and development expenditures.
additionally, the agreements governing our debt require that we maintain certain financial ratios, and contain affirmative and negative covenants that restrict our activities by, among other limitations, limiting our ability to incur additional indebtedness, merge or consolidate with other entities, make investments, create liens, sell assets and enter into transactions with affiliates. the covenants in the facility include a consolidated net interest coverage ratio (consolidated ebitda to consolidated net interest expense), as such terms are defined in the facility. specifically, the company has agreed that, so long as any lender has any commitment under the facility, any letter of credit is outstanding under the facility, or any loan or other obligation is outstanding under the facility, it will maintain a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio of 3.5:1.0 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter.
our ability to comply with these financial restrictions and covenants is dependent on our future performance, which is subject to prevailing economic conditions and other factors, including factors that are beyond our control such as the impact of public health epidemics/pandemics like covid-19, foreign exchange rates and interest rates. our failure to comply with any of these restrictions or covenants may result in an event of default under the applicable debt instrument, which could permit thermo fisher scientific inc.
risk factors (continued)
acceleration of the debt under that instrument and require us to prepay that debt before its scheduled due date. also, an acceleration of the debt under certain of our debt instruments would trigger an event of default under other of our debt instruments.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations reference is made throughout this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations to notes to the consolidated financial statements, which begin on page f-1 of this report. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for 2018 is included in item 7 of the company's 2019 annual report on form 10-k filed with the securities and exchange commission.
overview the company develops, manufactures and sells a broad range of products that are sold worldwide. the company expands the product lines and services it offers by developing and commercializing its own technologies and by making strategic acquisitions of complementary businesses. the company's operations fall into four segments (note 4): life sciences solutions, analytical instruments, specialty diagnostics and laboratory products and services.
the company mobilized in early 2020 to support the covid-19 pandemic response with products and services that help analyze, diagnose and protect from the virus. however, the company saw a significant reduction in customer activity in several businesses by late march 2020 that materially adversely affected primarily the 2020 results of the analytical instruments segment and, to a lesser extent, some businesses within the company's other three segments. the extent and duration of the negative impacts continuing into 2021 are uncertain and dependent in part on the success of global efforts to control the pandemic and economic activity ramping up. the company believes the impacted businesses' long-term prospects remain excellent given the company's attractive markets served, its industry-leading position and proven growth strategy. several of the company's businesses have had a significant increase in revenues due to sales of product and services addressing diagnosis and treatment of covid-19, including test kits and, to a lesser extent, products and services for therapy and vaccine development and manufacturing. while these positive impacts are expected to continue into 2021, the duration and extent of future revenues from such sales are uncertain and dependent primarily on customer testing demand.
recent acquisitions and divestiture the company's strategy is to augment internal growth at existing businesses with complementary acquisitions. the company's principal recent acquisitions and divestitures are described below.
on april 30, 2019, the company acquired, within the laboratory products and services segment, brammer bio for approximately $1.67 billion in cash. brammer bio is a leading viral vector contract development and manufacturing organization for gene and cell therapies. the acquisition expanded the segment's contract manufacturing capabilities. brammer bio reported revenues of approximately $140 million in 2018.
on june 28, 2019, the company sold its anatomical pathology business to phc holdings corporation for $1.13 billion, net of cash divested. the business was part of the specialty diagnostics segment. revenues in 2019, through the date of sale, and the full year 2018 of the business sold were approximately $115 million and $238 million, respectively, net of retained sales through the company's healthcare market and research and safety market channel businesses.
overview of results of operations and liquidity laboratory products and services                   12,245                  38.0   %               10,599                  41.5   %
sales in 2020 were $32.22 billion, an increase of $6.68 billion from 2019. sales increased $78 million due to acquisitions, net of a divestiture. the favorable effects of currency translation resulted in an increase in revenues of $133 million in 2020.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview of results of operations and liquidity (continued)
aside from the effects of acquisitions/divestitures and currency translation, revenues increased $6.47 billion (25%) primarily due to increased demand. sales of products that address covid-19 testing and treatment totaled $6.63 billion in 2020, and were offset in part by lower revenues in the remainder of the business during the first half of 2020. sales were particularly strong in diagnostic and healthcare markets, due to demand for products supporting customers diagnosing the covid-19 virus, offset in part by lower sales of other products due to pandemic-related impacts on customer activity. sales were also strong to customers in pharma and biotech markets where demand was strong for products and services and pandemic-related demand for therapies and vaccines also contributed to growth. sales to customers in industrial markets decreased primarily due to lower demand from weakened economic conditions related to covid-19. sales to these customers returned to positive growth in the fourth quarter of 2020. sales to academic and government customers decreased due primarily to closure of academic labs during the global pandemic. sales to these customers returned to positive growth in the third quarter of 2020. sales growth was particularly strong in north america and europe and, to a lesser extent, in the asia-pacific region.
in 2020, total company operating income and operating income margin were $7.79 billion and 24.2%, respectively, compared with $4.59 billion and 18.0%, respectively, in 2019. the increase in operating income was primarily due to profit on higher sales and, to a lesser extent, sales mix, offset in part by a gain on the sale of the anatomical pathology business included in the 2019 period and strategic growth investments in 2020. the company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, focused research and development projects and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience, as well as incentive compensation and recognition for employees. the company's references throughout this discussion to productivity improvements generally refer to improved cost efficiencies from its practical process improvement (ppi) business system, reduced costs resulting from global sourcing initiatives, a lower cost structure following restructuring actions, including headcount reductions and consolidation of facilities, and low cost region manufacturing. productivity improvements are calculated net of inflationary cost increases.
the company recorded a provision for income taxes of $850 million in 2020 (effective tax rate of 11.8%). in 2020, the company implemented foreign tax credit planning in sweden which resulted in $96 million of foreign tax credits, with no related incremental u.s. income tax expense and also recorded a net income tax benefit of $51 million from a domestication transaction involving the transfer of non-u.s. subsidiaries to the u.s.; a $47 million income tax benefit related to a foreign exchange loss for tax purposes on certain intercompany financing arrangements; and a $27 million tax benefit from tax audit settlements.
the company recorded a provision for income taxes of $374 million in 2019 (effective tax rate of 9.2%) including $191 million related to the gain on the sale of the anatomical pathology business. in 2019, the company recorded a $62 million income tax benefit related to a foreign exchange loss for tax purposes on certain intercompany financing arrangements; implemented foreign tax credit planning in sweden which resulted in $75 million of foreign tax credits, with no related incremental u.s. income tax expense; and recorded a $79 million income tax benefit related to the deferred tax implications of intra-entity transactions which included a tax benefit to release a valuation allowance against net operating losses previously determined to be unrealizable.
the effective tax rate in both 2020 and 2019 was also affected by relatively significant earnings in lower tax jurisdictions. due primarily to the non-deductibility of intangible asset amortization for tax purposes, the company's cash payments for income taxes were higher than its income tax expense for financial reporting purposes and totaled $1.32 billion and $0.90 billion in 2020 and 2019, respectively.
the company expects its effective tax rate in 2021 will be between 11% and 13% based on currently forecasted rates of profitability in the countries in which the company conducts business and expected generation of foreign tax credits. the effective tax rate can vary significantly from period to period as a result of discrete income tax factors and events.
net income increased to $6.38 billion in 2020, from $3.70 billion in 2019 principally due to the increase in operating income in 2020 (discussed above) offset in part by the increase in the income tax provision.
during 2020, the company's cash flow from operations totaled $8.29 billion compared with $4.97 billion for 2019. the increase primarily resulted from higher cash provided by income and, to a lesser extent, lower investment in working capital in 2020.
as of december 31, 2020, the company's short-term debt totaled $2.63 billion, substantially all of which was redeemed in january 2021. the company has a revolving credit facility with a bank group that provides up to $3.00 billion of unsecured multi-currency revolving credit (note 10). if the company borrows under this facility, it intends to leave undrawn an amount thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview of results of operations and liquidity (continued)
equivalent to outstanding commercial paper to provide a source of funds in the event that commercial paper markets are not available. as of december 31, 2020, no borrowings were outstanding under the company's revolving credit facility, although available capacity was reduced by approximately $31 million as a result of outstanding letters of credit.
the company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents of $10.33 billion as of december 31, 2020 and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 24 months.
critical accounting policies and estimates the company's discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations is based upon its financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent liabilities. on an on-going basis, management evaluates its estimates, including those related to intangible assets and goodwill, income taxes and contingencies and litigation. management believes the most complex and sensitive judgments, because of their significance to the consolidated financial statements, result primarily from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. management bases its estimates on historical experience, current market and economic conditions and other assumptions that management believes are reasonable. the results of these estimates form the basis for judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities where the values are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
the company believes the following represent its critical accounting policies and estimates used in the preparation of its financial statements:
(a)intangible assets and goodwill the company uses assumptions and estimates in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. the determination of the fair value of intangible assets, which represent a significant portion of the purchase price in many of the company's acquisitions, requires the use of significant judgment with regard to (i) the fair value; and (ii) whether such intangibles are amortizable or non-amortizable and, if the former, the period and the method by which the intangible asset will be amortized. the company estimates the fair value of acquisition-related intangible assets principally based on projections of cash flows that will arise from identifiable intangible assets of acquired businesses. the projected cash flows are discounted to determine the present value of the assets at the dates of acquisition. definite-lived intangible assets totaled $11.45 billion at december 31, 2020. the company reviews definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when indication of potential impairment exists, such as a significant reduction in cash flows associated with the assets. actual cash flows arising from a particular intangible asset could vary from projected cash flows which could imply different carrying values from those established at the dates of acquisition and which could result in impairment of such asset.
the company evaluates goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually and when events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the asset below its carrying amount. events or circumstances that might require an interim evaluation include unexpected adverse business conditions, economic factors, unanticipated technological changes or competitive activities, loss of key personnel and acts by governments and courts. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets totaled $26.04 billion and $1.24 billion, respectively, at december 31, 2020. estimates of discounted future cash flows require assumptions related to revenue and operating income growth rates, discount rates and other factors. for the goodwill impairment tests, the company considers (i) peer revenues and earnings trading multiples from companies that have operational and financial characteristics that are similar to the respective reporting units and (ii) estimated weighted average costs of capital. different assumptions from those made in the company's analysis could materially affect projected cash flows and the company's evaluation of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment.
the company performed the quantitative goodwill impairment test for all of its reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets. indications of fair value based on projections of profitability and on peer revenues and earnings trading multiples were sufficient to conclude that no impairment of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets existed at the end of the tenth fiscal month of 2020, the date of the company's annual impairment testing. there can be no assurance, however, that an economic downturn will not materially adversely affect peer trading multiples and the thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations critical accounting policies and estimates (continued)
company's businesses such that they do not achieve their forecasted profitability and these assets become impaired. should the fair value of the company's goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets decline because of reduced operating performance, market declines, or other indicators of impairment, or as a result of changes in the discount rate, charges for impairment may be necessary.
(b)income taxes in the ordinary course of business there is inherent uncertainty in quantifying the company's income tax positions. the company assesses income tax positions and records tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon management's evaluation of the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date. for those tax positions where it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, the company has recorded the largest amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. for those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. should tax return positions that the company expects are sustainable not be sustained upon audit, the company could be required to record an incremental tax provision for such taxes. the company's liability for these unrecognized tax benefits totaled $1.09 billion at december 31, 2020.
the company operates in numerous countries under many legal forms and, as a result, is subject to the jurisdiction of numerous domestic and non-u.s. tax authorities, as well as to tax agreements and treaties among these governments. determination of taxable income in any jurisdiction requires the company to interpret the related tax laws and regulations and the use of estimates and assumptions regarding significant future events, such as the amount, timing and character of deductions, permissible revenue recognition methods under the tax law and the sources and character of income and tax credits. changes in tax laws, regulations, agreements and treaties, currency exchange restrictions or the company's level of operations or profitability in each taxing jurisdiction could have an impact upon the amount of current and deferred tax balances and hence the company's net income.
the company estimates the degree to which tax assets will result in a benefit, after consideration of all positive and negative evidence, and provides a valuation allowance for tax assets that it believes will more likely than not go unused. in situations in which the company has been able to determine that its deferred tax assets will be realized, that determination generally relies on future reversals of taxable temporary differences and expected future taxable income. if it becomes more likely than not that a tax asset will be used, the company reverses the related valuation allowance. any such reversals are recorded as a reduction of the company's tax provision. the company's tax valuation allowance totaled $933 million at december 31, 2020. should the company's actual future taxable income by tax jurisdiction vary from estimates, additional allowances or reversals thereof may be necessary.
the company has not provided u.s. state income taxes or additional non-u.s. taxes on certain of its non-u.s. subsidiaries' undistributed earnings, as such amounts are intended to be reinvested outside the united states indefinitely in the respective jurisdictions based on specific business plans and tax strategies. these business plans and tax strategies consider: short-term and long-term forecasts and budgets of the u.s. parent and non-u.s. subsidiaries; working capital and other needs in locations where earnings are generated; the company's past practices regarding non-u.s. subsidiary dividends; sources of financing by the u.s. parent, such as issuing debt or equity; and uses of cash by the u.s. parent that are more discretionary in nature, such as business combinations and share repurchase programs. however, should the company change its business plans and tax strategies in the future and decide to repatriate a portion of these earnings to one of its u.s. subsidiaries, including cash maintained by these non-u.s. subsidiaries, the company would recognize additional tax liabilities. it is not practicable to estimate the amount of additional u.s. state income tax and non-u.s. tax liabilities that the company would incur. the company's intent is to only make distributions from non-u.s. subsidiaries in the future when they can be made at no net tax costs.
(c)contingencies and litigation the company records accruals for various contingencies, including legal proceedings, environmental, workers' compensation, product, general and auto liabilities, and other claims that arise in the normal course of business. the accruals are based on management's judgment, historical claims experience, the probability of losses and, where applicable, the consideration of opinions of internal and/or external legal counsel and actuarial estimates. accruals of acquired businesses, including product liability and environmental accruals, are initially recorded at fair value and discounted to their net present value. additionally, the company records receivables from third-party insurers when recovery has been determined to be probable.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations
(in millions)                          2020                    2019                             total                   currency                 acquisitions/divestitures        operations change                translation revenues life sciences solutions                           $12,168                  $6,856         $5,312                       $29                                   $-                 $5,283
laboratory products and services                   12,245                  10,599          1,646                        52                                  184                  1,410
sales in 2020 were $32.22 billion, an increase of $6.68 billion from 2019. sales increased $78 million due to acquisitions, net of a divestiture. the favorable effects of currency translation resulted in an increase in revenues of $133 million in 2020. aside from the effects of acquisitions and currency translation, revenues increased $6.47 billion (25%) primarily due to increased demand. sales of products that address covid-19 testing and treatment totaled $6.63 billion in 2020, and were offset in part by lower revenues in the remainder of the business during the first half of 2020. sales were particularly strong in diagnostic and healthcare markets, due to demand for products supporting customers diagnosing the covid-19 virus, offset in part by lower sales of other products due to pandemic-related impacts on customer activity. sales were also strong to customers in pharma and biotech markets where demand was strong for products and services and pandemic-related demand for therapies and vaccines also contributed to growth. sales to customers in industrial markets decreased primarily due to lower demand from weakened economic conditions related to covid-19. sales to these customers returned to positive growth in the fourth quarter of 2020. sales to academic and government customers decreased due primarily to closure of academic labs during the global pandemic. sales to these customers returned to positive growth in the third quarter of 2020. sales growth was particularly strong in north america and europe and, to a lesser extent, in the asia-pacific region.
in 2020, total company operating income and operating income margin were $7.79 billion and 24.2%, respectively, compared with $4.59 billion and 18.0%, respectively, in 2019. the increase in operating income was primarily due to profit on higher sales and, to a lesser extent, sales mix, offset in part by a gain on the sale of the anatomical pathology business included in the 2019 period and strategic growth investments in 2020.
in 2020, the company recorded restructuring and other costs, net, of $95 million (note 16). in 2019, the company recorded restructuring and other income, net, of $334 million, including $482 million of net gains on the sale of businesses, principally the anatomical pathology business (note 2). the restructuring projects for which charges were incurred in 2020 are expected to result in annual cost savings of approximately $55 million beginning in part in 2020 and, to a greater extent, in 2021. the restructuring actions for which charges were incurred in 2019 resulted in annual cost savings of approximately $60 million beginning in part in 2019 and to a greater extent in 2020.
segment results the company's management evaluates segment operating performance using operating income before certain charges/credits to cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses, principally associated with acquisition-related activities; restructuring and other costs/income including costs arising from facility consolidations such as severance and abandoned lease expense and gains and losses from the sale of real estate and product lines; and amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. the company uses this measure because it helps management understand and evaluate the segments' core operating results and facilitate comparison of performance for determining compensation (note 4). accordingly, the following segment data is reported on this basis.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations (continued)
(dollars in millions)                                                         2020                     2019                  change revenues life sciences solutions                                                $12,168                   $6,856                     77    %
laboratory products and services                                        12,245                   10,599                     16    %
laboratory products and services                                         1,271                    1,324                    (4)    %
cost of revenues charges                                                   (6)                     (17)
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets                  (1,667)                  (1,713)
consolidated operating income                                           $7,794                   $4,594                     70    %
consolidated operating income margin                                      24.2   %                 18.0   %
income from the company's reportable segments increased 60% to $9.56 billion in 2020 due primarily to profit on higher sales and, to a lesser extent, sales mix, offset in part by strategic growth investments.
(dollars in millions)                           2020                     2019                  change revenues                                 $12,168                   $6,856                     77    %
operating income margin                     50.2   %                 35.7   %                 14.5 pt sales in the life sciences solutions segment increased $5.31 billion to $12.17 billion in 2020. sales increased $5.28 billion (77%) due to higher revenues at existing businesses. the favorable effects of currency translation resulted in an increase in revenues of $29 million. the increase in revenues at existing businesses was primarily driven by demand for testing to diagnose covid-19 with higher sales of genetic sciences products and, to a lesser extent, bioscience products. sales also grew due to higher demand for bioproduction products.
operating income margin was 50.2% in 2020 compared to 35.7% in 2019. the increase resulted primarily from profit on higher sales and, to a lesser extent, sales mix, offset in part by strategic growth investments.
(dollars in millions)                           2020                     2019         change revenues                                  $5,124                   $5,522           (7)    %
operating income margin                     15.8   %                 23.1   %        -7.3 pt thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations (continued)
sales in the analytical instruments segment decreased $398 million to $5.12 billion in 2020. sales decreased $437 million (-8%) due to lower revenues at existing businesses. the favorable effects of currency translation resulted in an increase in revenues of $39 million. the decrease in revenues at existing businesses was primarily the result of reduced demand from industrial customers following business slowing and closures due to covid-19 and lower sales to academic customers due to pandemic-related closures. the segment returned to positive growth in the fourth quarter of 2020.
operating income margin was 15.8% in 2020 compared to 23.1% in 2019. the decrease was primarily due to sales mix, the decrease in sales, a $108 million charge related to a long-term supply contract (discussed in note 12), and, to a lesser extent, strategic growth investments, offset in part by productivity improvements.
(dollars in millions)                           2020                     2019                  change revenues                                  $5,343                   $3,718                     44    %
operating income margin                     25.6   %                 25.0   %                  0.6 pt sales in the specialty diagnostics segment increased $1.63 billion to $5.34 billion in 2020. sales increased $1.73 billion (48%) due to higher revenues at existing businesses. the favorable effects of currency translation resulted in an increase in revenues of $14 million and the divestiture of the anatomical pathology business in june 2019 decreased revenues by $121 million. the increase in revenues at existing businesses was due to higher demand primarily driven by products addressing treatment of covid-19, with particular strength in sales of products sold through the segment's healthcare market channel business, and to a lesser extent, microbiology and clinical diagnostics products. these increases were offset in part by lower sales in some of the segment's businesses due to pandemic-related reductions in demand.
operating income margin was 25.6% in 2020 and 25.0% in 2019. the increase was primarily due to profit on higher sales, offset in part by sales mix and, to a lesser extent, strategic growth investments.
laboratory products and services
(dollars in millions)                           2020                     2019                  change revenues                                 $12,245                  $10,599                     16    %
operating income margin                     10.4   %                 12.5   %                 -2.1 pt sales in the laboratory products and services segment increased $1.65 billion to $12.25 billion in 2020. sales increased $1.41 billion (13%) due to higher revenues at existing businesses and $184 million due to acquisitions. the favorable effects of currency translation resulted in an increase in revenues of $52 million. the increase in revenues at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand for products sold through its research and safety market channel business and, to a lesser extent, service offerings of the segment's pharma services business. the increase in demand was driven by pandemic response as well as the segment's other products and services.
operating income margin was 10.4% in 2020 and 12.5% in 2019. the decrease was primarily due to sales mix and strategic growth investments, offset in part by profit on higher sales and, to a lesser extent, productivity improvements.
other expense, net in 2020, the company recorded $81 million of financing costs for a terminated acquisition, primarily for amortization of loan commitment fees and entering into currency hedging contracts. in 2019, the company recorded $184 million of losses on the early extinguishment of debt, offset in part by $44 million of net gains on investments. the investment gains include a $28 million gain on the sale of a joint venture for net proceeds of $42 million. in the first quarter of 2021, the company recorded approximately $197 million of losses on the early extinguishment of debt (note 10).
provision for income taxes the company recorded a provision for income taxes of $850 million in 2020 (effective tax rate of 11.8%). in 2020, the company implemented foreign tax credit planning in sweden which resulted in $96 million of foreign tax credits, with no related incremental u.s. income tax expense and also recorded a net income tax benefit of $51 million from a domestication thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations (continued)
transaction involving the transfer of non-u.s. subsidiaries to the u.s.; a $47 million income tax benefit related to a foreign exchange loss for tax purposes on certain intercompany financing arrangements; and a $27 million tax benefit from tax audit settlements.
the company recorded a provision for income taxes of $374 million in 2019 (effective tax rate of 9.2%) including $191 million related to the gain on the sale of the anatomical pathology business. in 2019, the company recorded a $62 million income tax benefit related to a foreign exchange loss for tax purposes on certain intercompany financing arrangements; implemented foreign tax credit planning in sweden which resulted in $75 million of foreign tax credits, with no related incremental u.s. income tax expense; and recorded a $79 million income tax benefit related to the deferred tax implications of intra-entity transactions which included a tax benefit to release a valuation allowance against net operating losses previously determined to be unrealizable.
the effective tax rate in both 2020 and 2019 was also affected by relatively significant earnings in lower tax jurisdictions. due primarily to the non-deductibility of intangible asset amortization for tax purposes, the company's cash payments for income taxes were higher than its income tax expense for financial reporting purposes and totaled $1.32 billion and $0.90 billion in 2020 and 2019, respectively.
the company expects its effective tax rate in 2021 will be between 11% and 13% based on currently forecasted rates of profitability in the countries in which the company conducts business and expected generation of foreign tax credits. the effective tax rate can vary significantly from period to period as a result of discrete income tax factors and events.
the company has operations and a taxable presence in approximately 50 countries outside the u.s. some of these countries have lower tax rates than the u.s. the company's ability to obtain a benefit from lower tax rates outside the u.s. is dependent on its relative levels of income in countries outside the u.s. and on the statutory tax rates in those countries. based on the dispersion of the company's non-u.s. income tax provision among many countries, the company believes that a change in the statutory tax rate in any individual country is not likely to materially affect the company's income tax provision or net income, aside from any resulting one-time adjustment to the company's deferred tax balances to reflect a new rate.
recent accounting pronouncements a description of recently issued accounting standards is included under the heading "recent accounting pronouncements" in note 1.
contingent liabilities the company is contingently liable with respect to certain legal proceedings and related matters. an unfavorable outcome that differs materially from current accrual estimates, if any, for one or more of the matters described under the heading "product liability, workers compensation and other personal injury matters," in note 12 could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position as well as its results of operations and cash flows.
liquidity and capital resources consolidated working capital (current assets less current liabilities) was $11.65 billion at december 31, 2020, compared with $5.70 billion at december 31, 2019. included in working capital were cash and cash equivalents of $10.33 billion at december 31, 2020 and $2.40 billion at december 31, 2019. the increase in cash was primarily due to the issuance of long-term senior notes in march and april 2020 and higher cash flow from operations in 2020.
cash provided by operating activities was $8.29 billion during 2020. cash provided by income was offset in part by investments in working capital. increases in accounts receivable and inventories used cash of $1.30 billion and $508 million, respectively, primarily to support growth in sales. changes in other assets and liabilities provided cash of $1.45 billion primarily due to the timing of incentive compensation payments and, to a lesser extent, customer billings. cash payments for income taxes increased to $1.32 billion during 2020, compared with $0.90 billion in 2019.
during 2020, the company's investing activities used $1.51 billion of cash, principally for the purchase of property, plant and equipment. in january and february 2021, the company completed acquisitions for approximately $950 million in cash plus contingent consideration and entered an agreement to acquire another business for $450 million in cash plus contingent consideration (note 17).
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations liquidity and capital resources (continued)
the company's financing activities provided $959 million of cash during 2020. issuance of senior notes provided cash of $3.46 billion. repayment of senior notes used cash of $713 million. the company's financing activities also included the repurchase of $1.50 billion of the company's common stock and the payment of $337 million in cash dividends, offset in part by $196 million of net proceeds from employee stock option exercises. on november 8, 2019, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $2.50 billion of the company's common stock. on november 5, 2020, the board of directors replaced the existing authorization to repurchase the company's common stock, of which $1.00 billion was remaining, with a new authorization to repurchase up to $2.50 billion of the company's common stock. early in the first quarter of 2021, the company repurchased $1.50 billion of the company's common stock. at february 24, 2021, authorization remained for $1.00 billion of future repurchases of the company's common stock.
as of december 31, 2020, the company's short-term debt totaled $2.63 billion, substantially all of which was redeemed in january 2021. the company has a revolving credit facility with a bank group that provides up to $3.00 billion of unsecured multi-currency revolving credit (note 10). if the company borrows under this facility, it intends to leave undrawn an amount equivalent to outstanding commercial paper to provide a source of funds in the event that commercial paper markets are not available. as of december 31, 2020, no borrowings were outstanding under the company's revolving credit facility, although available capacity was reduced by approximately $31 million as a result of outstanding letters of credit.
approximately half of the company's cash balances and cash flows from operations are from outside the u.s. the company uses its non-u.s. cash for needs outside of the u.s. including acquisitions and repayment of acquisition-related intercompany debt to the u.s. in addition, the company also transfers cash to the u.s. using non-taxable returns of capital as well as dividends where the related u.s. dividend received deduction or foreign tax credit equals any tax cost arising from the dividends. as a result of using such means of transferring cash to the u.s., the company does not expect any material adverse liquidity effects from its significant non-u.s. cash balances for the foreseeable future.
the company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents of $10.33 billion as of december 31, 2020 and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 24 months.
the company expects that for 2021, expenditures for property, plant and equipment, net of disposals, will be between $2.2 and $2.4 billion.
in addition to the obligations on the balance sheet at december 31, 2020, which include debt (note 10), unrecognized tax benefits (note 8), operating leases (note 11) and pension obligations (note 7), the company has entered into unconditional purchase obligations, in the ordinary course of business, that include agreements to purchase goods, services or fixed assets and to pay royalties (note 12).
cash provided by operating activities was $4.97 billion during 2019. cash provided by income was offset in part by increased investments in working capital. increases in accounts receivable and inventories used cash of $225 million and $458 million, respectively, primarily to support growth in sales. changes in other assets and liabilities used cash of $198 million primarily due to the timing of customer billings and tax refunds, offset in part by advanced payments from customers. cash payments for income taxes increased to $896 million during 2019, compared with $591 million in 2018.
during 2019, the company's investing activities used $1.49 billion of cash. acquisitions used cash of $1.84 billion. proceeds from the sale of the anatomical pathology business provided $1.13 billion. the company's investing activities also included the purchase of $926 million of property, plant and equipment.
the company's financing activities used $3.12 billion of cash during 2019. repayment of senior notes used cash of $6.36 billion. new long-term borrowings provided cash of $5.64 billion. a net decrease in commercial paper obligations used cash of $683 million. the company's financing activities also included the repurchase of $1.50 billion of the company's common stock and the payment of $297 million in cash dividends, offset in part by $153 million of net proceeds from employee stock option exercises.