item 1a. risk factors regulatory risks we are subject to complex and evolving global regulations that could harm our business and financial results.
as a global payments technology company, we are subject to complex and evolving regulations that govern our operations. see item 1-business-government regulation for more information on the most significant areas of regulation that affect our business. the impact of these regulations on us, our clients, and other third parties could limit our ability to enforce our payments system rules; require us to adopt new rules or change existing rules; affect our existing contractual arrangements; increase our compliance costs; require us to make our technology or table of contents intellectual property available to third parties, including competitors, in an undesirable manner; and reduce our revenue opportunities. as discussed in more detail below, we may face differing rules and regulations in matters like interchange reimbursement rates, preferred routing, domestic processing requirements, currency conversion, point-of-sale transaction rules and practices, privacy, data use or protection, licensing requirements, and associated product technology. as a result, the visa operating rules and our other contractual commitments may differ from country to country or by product offering. complying with these and other regulations increases our costs and could reduce our revenue opportunities.
if widely varying regulations come into existence worldwide, we may have difficulty rapidly adjusting our product offerings, services, fees and other important aspects of our business in the regions where we operate. our compliance programs and policies are designed to support our compliance with a wide array of regulations and laws, such as anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, competition, privacy and sanctions, and we continually enhance our compliance programs as regulations evolve. however, we cannot guarantee that our practices will be deemed compliant by all applicable regulatory authorities. in the event our controls should fail or we are found to be out of compliance for other reasons, we could be subject to monetary damages, civil and criminal penalties, litigation, investigations and proceedings, and damage to our global brands and reputation. furthermore, the evolving and increased regulatory focus on the payments industry could negatively impact or reduce the number of visa products our clients issue, the volume of payments we process, our revenues, our brands, our competitive positioning, our ability to use our intellectual property to differentiate our products and services, the quality and types of products and services we offer, the countries in which our products are used, and the types of consumers and merchants who can obtain or accept our products, all of which could harm our business.
increased scrutiny and regulation of the global payments industry, including with respect to interchange reimbursement fees, merchant discount rates, operating rules, risk management protocols and other related practices, could harm our business.
regulators around the world have been establishing or increasing their authority to regulate certain aspects of the payments industry. see item 1-business -government regulation for more information. in the u.s. and many other jurisdictions, we have historically set default interchange reimbursement fees. even though we generally do not receive any revenue related to interchange reimbursement fees in a payment transaction (in the context of credit and debit transactions, those fees are paid by the acquirers to the issuers; the reverse is true for certain transactions like atm), interchange reimbursement fees are a factor on which we compete with other payments providers and are therefore an important determinant of the volume of transactions we process. consequently, changes to these fees, whether voluntarily or by mandate, can substantially affect our overall payments volumes and revenues.
interchange reimbursement fees, certain operating rules and related practices continue to be subject to increased government regulation globally, and regulatory authorities and central banks in a number of jurisdictions have reviewed or are reviewing these fees, rules, and practices. for example, regulations adopted by the u.s. federal reserve cap the maximum u.s. debit interchange reimbursement rate received by large financial institutions at 21 cents plus 5 basis points per transaction, plus a possible fraud adjustment of 1 cent. the dodd-frank act also limits issuers' and our ability to adopt network exclusivity and preferred routing in the debit and prepaid area, which also impacts our business. the eu's ifr places an effective cap on consumer credit and consumer debit interchange fees for both domestic and cross-border transactions within the eea (30 basis points and 20 basis points, respectively). eu member states have the ability to further reduce these interchange levels within their territories. the european commission concluded its impact assessment of the ifr, indicating that while it does not intend to expand the legislation at this time, it will continue to monitor market dynamics. countries in other parts of the world, including the latin america region, have either adopted or are exploring interchange caps. for example, in march 2017, argentina's central bank passed regulations that cap interchange fees on credit and debit transactions. in march 2018, brazil adopted interchange caps on debit transactions and in march 2020, the congress in costa rica passed legislation allowing the central bank to regulate interchange and other fees. finally, in australia, the reserve bank is in the process of reviewing the country's payment system regulations, which could potentially result in lower and/or additional interchange caps and other restrictions on our business.
when we cannot set default interchange reimbursement rates at optimal levels, issuers and acquirers may find our payments system less attractive. this may increase the attractiveness of other payments systems, such as our competitors' closed-loop payments systems with direct connections to both merchants and consumers. we believe some issuers may react to such regulations by charging new or higher fees, or reducing certain benefits to consumers, which make our products less appealing to consumers. some acquirers may elect to charge higher merchant discount rates (mdr) regardless of the visa interchange reimbursement rate, causing merchants not to table of contents accept our products or to steer customers to alternate payments systems or forms of payment. in addition, in an effort to reduce the expense of their payment programs, some issuers and acquirers have obtained, and may continue to obtain, incentives from us, including reductions in the fees that we charge, which may directly impact our revenues.
in addition to the regulation of interchange reimbursement fees, a number of regulators impose restrictions on other aspects of our payments business. for example, many governments including, but not limited to governments in india and turkey are using regulation to further drive down mdr, which could negatively affect the economics of our transactions. some countries in latin america, like peru and chile are relying on antitrust-driven regulatory actions that can have implications for how the payments ecosystem and four party model operate. the psr's review of the acquiring market in the united kingdom could lead to additional regulatory pressure on our business. with increased merchant lobbying, we could also begin to see regulatory interest in network fees. government regulations or pressure may also require us to allow other payments networks to support visa products or services, or to have the other network's functionality or brand marks on our products. as innovations in payment technology have enabled us to expand into new products and services, they have also expanded the potential scope of regulatory influence. for instance, new products and capabilities, including tokenization, push payments, and non-card based payment flows (e.g., b2b connect) could bring increased licensing or authorization requirements in the countries where the product or capability is offered. in addition, the european union's requirement to separate scheme and processing adds costs and impacts the execution of our commercial, innovation and product strategies.
we are also subject to central bank oversight in some markets, including, brazil, russia, the united kingdom and within the european union. this oversight could result in new governance, reporting, licensing, cybersecurity, processing infrastructure, capital, or credit risk management requirements. we could also be required to adopt policies and practices designed to mitigate settlement and liquidity risks, including increased requirements to maintain sufficient levels of capital and financial resources locally, as well as localized risk management or governance. they could also include new criteria for member participation and merchant access to our payments system. additionally, regulators in other jurisdictions are considering or adopting approaches based on similar regulatory principles.
regulators around the world increasingly take note of each other's approaches to regulating the payments industry. consequently, a development in one jurisdiction may influence regulatory approaches in another. the risks created by a new law, regulation or regulatory outcome in one jurisdiction have the potential to be replicated and to negatively affect our business in another jurisdiction or in other product offerings. for example, our settlement with the european commission on cross-border interchange rates has drawn some preliminary attention of regulators in other parts of the world. similarly, new regulations involving one product offering may prompt regulators to extend the regulations to other product offerings. for example, credit payments could become subject to similar regulation as debit payments (or vice versa). for instance, the reserve bank of australia initially capped credit interchange, but subsequently capped debit interchange as well.
government-imposed obligations and/or restrictions on international payment systems may prevent us from competing against providers in certain countries, including significant markets such as china, india and russia.
governments in a number of jurisdictions shield domestic payment card networks, brands, and processors from international competition by imposing market access barriers and preferential domestic regulations. to varying degrees, these policies and regulations affect the terms of competition in the marketplace and undermine the competitiveness of international payments networks. public authorities may impose regulatory requirements that favor domestic providers or mandate that domestic payments or data processing be performed entirely within that country, which could prevent us from managing the end-to-end processing of certain transactions.
in russia, legislation effectively prevents us from processing domestic transactions. the central bank controlled national payment card system (nspk) is the only entity allowed to process domestically. in china, unionpay remains the sole processor of domestic payment card transactions and operates the sole domestic acceptance mark. although we have filed an application with the people's bank of china (pboc) to operate a bank card clearing institution (bcci) in china, the timing and the procedural steps for approval remain uncertain. the approval process might require several years, and there is no guarantee that the license to operate a bcci will be approved or, if we obtain such license, that we will be able to successfully compete with domestic payments networks.
table of contents regulatory initiatives in india also suggest growing nationalistic priorities, including a data localization mandate passed by the government, which has cost implications for us and could affect our ability to effectively compete with domestic payment providers. in europe, with the support of the european central bank, a group of european banks have announced their intent to launch a pan-european payment system, the european payments initiative or epi, with the purported intent to reduce the risks of disintermediation by international technology companies and continued reliance on international payments networks for intra-europe card transactions. furthermore, regional groups of countries, such as the gulf cooperation council (gcc) and a number of countries in southeast asia, are considering, or may consider, efforts to restrict our participation in the processing of regional transactions. the african development bank has also indicated an interest in supporting national payment systems in its efforts to expand financial inclusion and strengthen regional financial stability. finally, some countries such as south africa are mandating on-shore processing of domestic transactions. geopolitical events, including sanctions, trade tensions or other types of activities could potentially intensify any or all of these activities, which could adversely affect our business.
due to our inability to manage the end-to-end processing of transactions for cards in certain countries (e.g., russia and thailand), we depend on our close working relationships with our clients or third-party processors to ensure transactions involving our products are processed effectively. our ability to do so may be adversely affected by regulatory requirements and policies pertaining to transaction routing or on-shore processing.
co-badging and co-residency regulations may pose additional challenges in markets where visa competes with national networks for issuance and routing. for example, in china, certain banks have issued dual-branded cards for which domestic transactions in china are processed by unionpay and transactions outside of china are processed by us or other international payments networks. the pboc is contemplating that dual-branded cards could be phased out over time as new licenses are issued to international companies to participate in china's domestic payments market. accordingly, we have been working with chinese issuers to issue visa-only branded cards for international travel, and later for domestic transactions after we obtain a bcci license. however, notwithstanding such efforts, the phase out of dual-branded cards may decrease our payment volumes and impact the revenue we generate in china.
mir and unionpay have grown rapidly in russia and china, respectively, and are actively pursuing international expansion plans, which could potentially lead to regulatory pressures on our international routing rule (which requires that international transactions on visa cards be routed over visanet). furthermore, although regulatory barriers shield mir and unionpay from competition in russia and china, respectively, alternate payment providers such as alipay and wechat pay have rapidly expanded into ecommerce, offline, and cross-border payments, which could make it difficult for us to compete even if our license is approved in china. recently, with strong backing from china's government, a new digital transaction routing system known as netsunion was established. the pboc allowed alipay and other digital payment providers to invest in netsunion. it and other such systems could have a competitive advantage in comparison with international payments networks.
finally, central banks, including those in australia, brazil and russia, are in the process of developing or expanding national real-time payments networks with the goal of driving a greater number of domestic transactions onto these systems. similarly, an increasing number of jurisdictions are exploring the concept of building central bank digital currencies for retail payments. if successfully deployed, these national payment platforms and digital currencies could have significant implications for visa's domestic and cross-border payments, including potential disintermediation.
in general, national laws that protect or otherwise support domestic providers or processing may increase our costs; decrease our payments volumes and impact the revenue we generate in those countries; decrease the number of visa products issued or processed; impede us from utilizing our global processing capabilities and controlling the quality of the services supporting our brands; restrict our activities; limit our growth and the ability to introduce new products, services and innovations; force us to leave countries or prevent us from entering new markets; and create new competitors, all of which could harm our business.
laws and regulations regarding the handling of personal data and information may impede our services or result in increased costs, legal claims, or fines against us.
our business relies on the processing of data in many jurisdictions and the movement of data across national borders. legal requirements relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data continue to evolve, and regulatory scrutiny in this area is increasing around the world. for example, in july 2020 the court of justice of the european union (cjeu) ruled to invalidate the u.s./eu privacy shield - a legal table of contents framework that allowed participating companies to transfer personal data from eu member states to the u.s. visa has never used the privacy shield framework for its transfers, and relies instead on standard contractual clauses. however, the cjeu ruling made clear that these transfer mechanisms will be subject to additional scrutiny as well. significant uncertainty exists as privacy and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. for example, the eu's general data protection regulation (gdpr) extends the scope of the eu data protection law to all companies processing data of eu residents, regardless of the company's location. the law requires companies to comply with a broad range of requirements regarding the handling of personal data. although we have a global data privacy program that addresses the requirements applicable to our international business, our ongoing efforts to comply with gdpr and rapidly emerging privacy and data protection laws (such as the california consumer privacy act and the brazilian general data protection law) may increase the complexity of our compliance operations, entail substantial expenses, divert resources from other initiatives and projects, and could limit the services we are able to offer. inconsistent local and regional regulations restricting location, movement, collection, use and management of data may limit our ability to innovate or compete in certain jurisdictions. for example, india has adopted a data localization law that requires all payment system operators to store domestic transaction data only in india. such data localization requirements have cost implications for us, impact our ability to utilize the efficiencies and value of our global network, and could affect our strategy. furthermore, enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations continue to increase. the enactment of more restrictive laws, rules, regulations, or future enforcement actions or investigations could impact us through increased costs or restrictions on our business, and noncompliance could result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability.
we may be subject to tax examinations or disputes, or changes in tax laws.
we exercise significant judgment in calculating our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, many factors may limit their accuracy. we are currently under examination by, or in disputes with, the u.s. internal revenue service, the uk's hm revenue & customs as well as tax authorities in other jurisdictions, and we may be subject to additional examinations or disputes in the future. relevant tax authorities may disagree with our tax treatment of certain material items and thereby increase our tax liability. failure to sustain our position in these matters could harm our cash flow and financial position. in addition, changes in existing laws in the u.s. or foreign jurisdictions, which may be more likely if there is a change in the u.s. administration, or changes resulting from the organisation for economic cooperation and development's programme of work, related to the revision of profit allocation and nexus rules and design of a system to ensure multinational enterprises pay a minimum level of tax, may also materially affect our effective tax rate. a substantial increase in our tax payments could have a material, adverse effect on our financial results. see also note 19-income taxes to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
litigation risks we may be adversely affected by the outcome of litigation or investigations, despite certain protections that are in place.
we are involved in numerous litigation matters, investigations, and proceedings asserted by civil litigants, governments, and enforcement bodies investigating or alleging, among other things, violations of competition and antitrust law, consumer protection law, privacy law, and intellectual property law (these are referred to as "actions" in this section). details of the most significant actions we face are described more fully in note 20-legal matters to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report. these actions are inherently uncertain, expensive, and disruptive to our operations. in the event we are found liable in any material action, particularly in a large class action lawsuit, such as one involving an antitrust claim entitling the plaintiff to treble damages in the u.s., or we incur liability arising from a government investigation, we may be required to pay significant awards, settlements, or fines. in addition, settlement terms, judgments, or pressures resulting from actions may harm our business by requiring us to modify, among other things, the default interchange reimbursement rates we set, the visa operating rules or the way in which we enforce those rules, our fees or pricing, or the way we do business. these actions or their outcomes may also influence regulators, investigators, governments, or civil litigants in the same or other jurisdictions, which may lead to additional actions table of contents against visa. finally, we are required by some of our commercial agreements to indemnify other entities for litigation brought against them, even if visa is not a defendant.
for certain actions like those that are u.s. covered litigation or ve territory covered litigation, as described in note 5-u.s. and europe retrospective responsibility plans and note 20-legal matters to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report, we have certain financial protections pursuant to the respective retrospective responsibility plans. the two retrospective responsibility plans are different in the protections they provide and the mechanisms by which we are protected. the failure of one or both of the retrospective responsibility plans to adequately insulate us from the impact of such settlements, judgments, losses, or liabilities could materially harm our financial condition or cash flows, or even cause us to become insolvent.
business risks the extent to which the covid-19 outbreak and measures taken in response thereto impact our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict.
the global impacts of the covid-19 outbreak and related government actions taken to reduce the spread of the virus have been weighing on the macroeconomic environment, and have significantly increased economic uncertainty and reduced economic activity. the outbreak has resulted in authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place or total lock-down orders and business limitations and shutdowns that began in the second quarter of fiscal year 2020.
the spread of covid-19 has caused us to modify our business practices (including restricting employee travel, implementing office closures, having our employees work remotely for the rest of 2020 and cancelling physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or as we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers and business partners. the covid-19 outbreak has also impacted scheduled events in which visa is a sponsor as event organizers consult with health experts, government authorities and other stakeholders to prioritize the health and wellbeing of our global community. this has caused us to make modifications to some of our planned activities and has impacted some of our marketing initiatives.
cross-border volume continues to be heavily impacted by the decline in travel. international cross-border transaction revenues represent a significant part of our revenue. in addition, we may experience financial losses due to a number of operational factors, including:
•merchant, acquirer and issuer failures and credit settlement risk, particularly with respect to the retail, travel and hospitality industries which have been impacted especially hard by the pandemic, including airlines, cruise ships, hotels, restaurants and entertainment events. the closings and/or failures of a large number of these businesses could result in financial stress on our acquiring partners, and potentially lead to settlement failures, triggering visa's indemnification obligations. it could also lead to bankruptcies that may result in impairments to our assets or our receivables to be written-off;
•clients may re-negotiate existing agreements or seek early renewal of agreements due to the impact of the outbreak on their business, payments volume and incentives;
•the mix of visa's clients or the amount of business we do with certain clients may change;
•third party disruptions, including potential outages at network providers, call centers and other suppliers;
•increased cyber and payment fraud risk related to covid-19, as cybercriminals attempt ddos related attacks, phishing scams and other disruptive actions, given the shift to online banking, e-commerce and other online activity, as well as more employees working remotely as a result of the outbreak;
•challenges to the availability and reliability of our network due to changes to normal operations, including the possibility of one or more clusters of covid-19 cases occurring at our data centers, affecting our employees, or affecting the systems or employees of our issuers, acquirers or merchants; and
•additional regulatory requirements, including, for example, government initiatives or requests to reduce or eliminate payments fees or other costs. a number of countries have taken steps to temporarily cap table of contents interchange or other fees on electronic payments as part of their covid-19 economic relief measures. it is possible that some or all of these caps may become permanent over time, or that we see governments introduce additional and/or new pricing caps in future economic relief initiatives. in addition, proponents of interchange and/or mdr regulation may try to position government intervention as necessary to support recovery efforts. in an overall soft global economy, such pricing measures could result in additional financial pressures on our business.
there are no comparable recent events that provide guidance as to the effect covid-19 may have on our business, and, as a result, the ultimate impact of the outbreak is highly uncertain and subject to change. while we have taken measures to modify our business practices and reduce operating expenses, including scaling back hiring plans, restricting travel, lowering marketing spend and the use of external resources, the impact that covid-19 will have on our business, results of operations and financial condition in the longer term remains difficult to predict due to numerous uncertainties, including the transmissibility, severity and duration of the outbreak, the effectiveness of social distancing measures or actions that are voluntarily adopted by the public or required by governments or public health authorities, the development and availability of effective treatments or vaccines, and the impact to our employees and our operations, the business of our clients, supplier and business partners, and other factors.
consumers affected by covid-19 may continue to demonstrate changed behavior even after the covid-19 outbreak has subsided. for example, consumers may decrease discretionary spending on a permanent or long-term basis, certain industries may take longer to recover (particularly those that rely on travel or large gatherings) as consumers may be hesitant to return to full social interaction, and we may continue to see consumers decrease spending on credit products as economic worries continue, all of which may have adverse implications for our business.
as a result, we may continue to experience materially adverse impacts to our business as a result of the virus' global economic impact, including lower domestic and cross border spending trends, the availability of credit, adverse impacts on our liquidity, and any recessionary conditions that persist, and exacerbate many of the other known risks described in this "risk factors" section.
the global payments space is intensely competitive. as technology evolves, new competitors or methods of payment emerge, and existing clients and competitors assume different roles. our products compete with cash, checks, electronic funds, virtual currency payments, global or multi-regional networks, other domestic and closed-loop payments systems, and alternative payment providers primarily focused on enabling payments through ecommerce and mobile channels. as the global payments space becomes more complex, we face increasing competition from our clients, other emerging payment providers such as fintechs, other digital payments, technology companies that have developed payments systems enabled through online activity in ecommerce and mobile channels, as well as governments in a number of jurisdictions (e.g. brazil, india and russia), that are developing, supporting and/or operating national schemes, real time payment networks, and other payment platforms.
our competitors may develop substantially better technology, have more widely adopted delivery channels or have greater financial resources. they may offer more effective, innovative or a wider range of programs, products, and services. they may use more effective advertising and marketing strategies that result in broader brand recognition, and greater use, including with respect to issuance and merchant acceptance. they may also develop better security solutions or more favorable pricing arrangements. moreover, even if we successfully adapt to technological change and the proliferation of alternative types of payment services by developing and offering our own services in these areas, such services may provide less favorable financial terms for us than we currently receive from visanet transactions, which could hurt our financial results and prospects.
certain of our competitors operate with different business models, have different cost structures, or participate in different market segments. those business models may ultimately prove more successful or more adaptable to regulatory, technological, and other developments. in some cases, these competitors have the support of government mandates that prohibit, limit, or otherwise hinder our ability to compete for transactions within certain countries and regions. some of our competitors, including american express, discover, private-label card networks, virtual currency providers, technology companies that enable the exchange of digital assets, and certain alternate payments systems like alipay and wechat pay, operate closed-loop payments systems, with direct connections to both merchants and consumers. government actions or initiatives such as the dodd-frank act, the ifr in europe, or real time payment initiatives by governments such as the u.s. federal reserve's fednow or the central bank of table of contents brazil's pix system may provide competitors with increased opportunities to derive competitive advantages from these business models, and may create new competitors, including in some cases the government itself. similarly, regulation in europe under psd2 and the ifr may require us to open up access to, and allow participation in, our network to additional participants, and reduce the infrastructure investment and regulatory burden on competitors. we also run the risk of disintermediation due to factors such as emerging technologies, including mobile payments, alternate payment credentials, other ledger technologies or payment forms, and by virtue of increasing bilateral agreements between entities that prefer not to use our payments network for processing transactions. for example, merchants could process transactions directly with issuers, or processors could process transactions directly with issuers and acquirers.
we expect the competitive landscape to continue to shift and evolve. for example:
•we, along with our competitors, clients, network participants, and others are developing or participating in alternate payment networks or products, such as mobile payment services, ecommerce payment services, p2p payment services, real-time and faster payment initiatives, and payment services that permit ach or direct debits from or to consumer checking accounts, that could either reduce our role or otherwise disintermediate us from the transaction processing or the value added services we provide to support such processing. examples include initiatives from the clearing house, an association consisting of large financial institutions that has developed its own faster payments system; early warning services, which operates zelle, a bank-offered alternative network that provides another platform for faster funds or real-time payments across a variety of payment types, including p2p, corporate and government disbursement, bill pay and deposit check transactions; and crypto-currency or stablecoin-based payments initiatives.
•similarly, many countries are developing or promoting domestic networks, switches and real-time payment systems (e.g. india, russia, as well as europe). to the extent these governments mandate local banks and merchants to use and accept these systems for domestic or other transactions, prohibit international payments networks, like visa, from participating on those systems, and/or impose restrictions or prohibitions, on international payments networks from offering payment services on such transactions, we could face the risk of our business being disintermediated in those countries. for example, in argentina, the government recently issued a regulation that mandates local acquirers to use debit card credentials to initiate payment transactions on a government-sponsored national real-time payment system. furthermore, in some regions (e.g., southeast asia; the middle east), through intergovernmental organizations such as the association of southeast asian nations and the gcc, some countries are looking into cross-border connectivity of such domestic systems;
•participants in the payments industry may merge, form joint ventures or enable or enter into other business combinations that strengthen their existing business propositions or create new, competing payment services; and
•new or revised industry standards related to online checkout and web payments, cloud-based payments, tokenization or other payments-related technologies set by individual countries, regions or organizations such as the international organization for standardization, american national standards institute, world wide web consortium, european card standards group, pci co, nexo and emvco may result in additional costs and expenses for visa and its clients, or otherwise negatively impact the functionality and competitiveness of our products and services.
as the competitive landscape is quickly evolving, we may not be able to foresee or respond sufficiently to emerging risks associated with new businesses, products, services and practices. we may be asked to adjust our local rules and practices, develop or customize certain aspects of our payment services, or agree to business arrangements that may be less protective of visa's proprietary technology and interests in order to compete and we may face increasing operational costs and risk of litigation concerning intellectual property. our failure to compete effectively in light of any such developments could harm our business and prospects for future growth.
table of contents our revenues and profits are dependent on our client and merchant base, which may be costly to win, retain, and maintain.
our financial institution clients and merchants can reassess their commitments to us at any time or develop their own competitive services. while we have certain contractual protections, our clients, including some of our largest clients, generally have flexibility to issue non-visa products. further, in certain circumstances, our financial institution clients may decide to terminate our contractual relationship on relatively short notice without paying significant early termination fees. because a significant portion of our net revenues is concentrated among our largest clients, the loss of business from any one of these larger clients could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. for more information, please see note 14-enterprise-wide disclosures and concentration of business to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
in addition, we face intense competitive pressure on the prices we charge our financial institution clients. in order to stay competitive, we may need to adjust our pricing or offer incentives to our clients to increase payments volume, enter new market segments, adapt to regulatory changes, and expand their use and acceptance of visa products and services. these include up-front cash payments, fee discounts, rebates, credits, performance-based incentives, marketing, and other support payments that impact our revenues and profitability. in addition, we offer incentives to certain merchants or acquirers to win routing preference in situations where other network functionality is enabled on our products and there is a choice of network routing options. market pressures on pricing, incentives, fee discounts, and rebates could moderate our growth. if we are not able to implement cost containment and productivity initiatives in other areas of our business or increase our volumes in other ways to offset or absorb the financial impact of these incentives, fee discounts, and rebates, it may harm our net revenues and profits.
in addition, it may be difficult or costly for us to acquire or conduct business with financial institutions or merchants that have longstanding exclusive, or nearly exclusive, relationships with our competitors. these financial institutions or merchants may be more successful and may grow more quickly than our existing clients or merchants. in addition, if there is a consolidation or acquisition of one or more of our largest clients or co-brand partners by a financial institution client or merchant with a strong relationship with one of our competitors, it could result in our business shifting to a competitor, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage and harm our business.
merchants' and processors' continued push to lower acceptance costs and challenge industry practices could harm our business.
we rely in part on merchants and their relationships with our clients to maintain and expand the acceptance of visa products. certain merchants and merchant-affiliated groups have been exerting their influence in the global payments system in certain jurisdictions, such as the u.s., canada and europe, to attempt to lower their acceptance costs by lobbying for new legislation, seeking regulatory intervention, filing lawsuits and in some cases, refusing to accept visa products. if they are successful in their efforts, we may face increased compliance and litigation expenses, issuers may decrease their issuance of our products, and consumer usage of our products could be adversely impacted. for example, in the u.s., certain stakeholders have raised concerns regarding how payment security standards and rules may impact debit routing choice and the cost of payment card acceptance. in addition to ongoing litigation related to the u.s. migration to emv-capable cards and point-of-sale terminals, u.s. merchant-affiliated groups and processors have expressed concerns regarding the emv certification process and some policymakers have expressed concerns about the roles of industry bodies such as emvco and the payment card industry security standards council in the development of payment card standards. additionally, some merchants and processors have advocated for changes to industry practices and visa acceptance requirements at the point of sale, including the ability for merchants to accept only certain types of visa products, to mandate only pin authenticated transactions, to differentiate or steer among visa product types issued by different financial institutions, and to impose surcharges on customers presenting visa products as their form of payment. if successful, these efforts could adversely impact consumers' usage of our products, lead to regulatory enforcement and/or litigation, increase our compliance and litigation expenses, and harm our business.
we depend on relationships with financial institutions, acquirers, processors, merchants, and other third parties.
as noted above, our relationships with industry participants are complex and require us to balance the interests of multiple third parties. for instance, we depend significantly on relationships with our financial institution clients and on their relationships with account holders and merchants to support our programs and services, and table of contents thereby compete effectively in the marketplace. we engage in discussions with merchants, acquirers, commerce platforms and processors to provide incentives to promote routing preference and acceptance growth. we also engage in many payment card co-branding efforts with merchants, who receive incentives from us. as emerging participants such as fintechs enter the payments industry, we engage in discussions to address the role they may play in the ecosystem, whether as, for example, an issuer, merchant, commerce platform or digital wallet provider. as these and other relationships become more prevalent and take on a greater importance to our business, our success will increasingly depend on our ability to sustain and grow these relationships. in addition, we depend on our clients and third parties, including network partners, vendors and suppliers, to submit, facilitate and process transactions properly, provide various services associated with our payments network on our behalf, and otherwise adhere to our operating rules and applicable laws. to the extent that such parties fail to perform or deliver adequate services, it may result in negative experiences for account holders or others when using their visa-branded payment products, which could harm our business and reputation.
our business could be harmed if we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, if events occur that have the potential to damage our brand or reputation, or if we experience brand disintermediation.
our brand is globally recognized and is a key asset of our business. we believe that our clients and account holders associate our brand with acceptance, security, convenience, speed, and reliability. our success depends in large part on our ability to maintain the value of our brand and reputation of our products and services in the payments ecosystem, elevate the brand through new and existing products, services and partnerships, and uphold our corporate reputation. the popularity of products that we have developed in partnership with technology companies and financial institutions may have the potential to cause consumer confusion or brand disintermediation at the point-of-sale and decrease the value of our brand. our brand reputation may be negatively impacted by a number of factors, including authorization, clearing and settlement service disruptions; data security breaches; compliance failures by visa, including our employees, agents, clients, partners or suppliers; failure to meet our environmental, social and governance goals, negative perception of our industry, the industries of our clients or visa-accepting merchants; ill-perceived actions by clients, partners or other third parties, such as sponsorship or co-brand partners; and fraudulent, risky, controversial or illegal activities using our payment products. if we are unable to maintain our reputation, the value of our brand may be impaired, which could harm our relationships with clients, account holders, and the public, as well as impact our business.
global economic, political, market, health and social events or conditions may harm our business.
more than half of our net revenues are earned outside the u.s. international cross-border transaction revenues represent a significant part of our revenue and are an important part of our growth strategy. our revenues are dependent on the volume and number of payment transactions made by consumers, governments, and businesses whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic, political, market, health and social events or conditions. adverse macroeconomic conditions, including recessions, inflation, high unemployment, currency fluctuations, actual or anticipated large-scale defaults or failures, or a slowdown of global trade could decrease consumer and corporate confidence and reduce consumer, small business, government, and corporate spending which have a direct impact on our revenues. in addition, outbreaks of illnesses, pandemics, or other local or global health issues, political uncertainties, international hostilities, armed conflict, or unrest, climate-related events, including the increasing frequency of extreme weather events, and natural disasters could have similar impacts on our operations, clients, third-party suppliers, activities in a particular location or globally, and cross-border travel and spend. geopolitical trends towards nationalism, protectionism, and restrictive visa requirements, as well as continued activity and uncertainty around economic sanctions, tariffs or trade restrictions could limit the expansion of our business in those regions. as a result of any of these factors, any decline in cross-border travel and spend could impact the number of cross-border transactions we process and our currency exchange activities, which in turn would reduce our international transaction revenues.
a decline in economic, political, market, health and social conditions could impact our clients as well, and their decisions could reduce the number of cards, accounts, and credit lines of their account holders, which ultimately impact our revenues. they may also implement cost-reduction initiatives that reduce or eliminate marketing budgets, and decrease spending on optional or enhanced value added services from us. any events or conditions that impair the functioning of the financial markets, tighten the credit market, or lead to a downgrade of our current credit rating could increase our future borrowing costs and impair our ability to access the capital and credit markets on favorable terms, which could affect our liquidity and capital resources, or significantly increase our cost of capital. if clients default on their settlement obligations, it may also impact our liquidity. any of these events could adversely affect our volumes and revenue.
table of contents our indemnification obligation to fund settlement losses of our clients exposes us to significant risk of loss and may reduce our liquidity.
we indemnify issuers and acquirers for settlement losses they may suffer due to the failure of another issuer or acquirer to honor its settlement obligations in accordance with the visa operating rules. in certain instances, we may indemnify issuers or acquirers in situations in which a transaction is not processed by our system. this indemnification creates settlement risk for us due to the timing difference between the date of a payment transaction and the date of subsequent settlement. our indemnification exposure is generally limited to the amount of unsettled visa card payment transactions at any point in time and any subsequent amounts that may fall due relating to adjustments for previously processed transactions. concurrent settlement failures or insolvencies involving more than one of our largest clients, several of our smaller clients, or systemic operational failures could negatively impact our financial position. even if we have sufficient liquidity to cover a settlement failure or insolvency, we may be unable to recover the amount of such payment. this could expose us to significant losses and harm our business. see note 12-settlement guarantee management to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union could harm our business and financial results.
in june 2016, voters in the united kingdom approved the withdrawal of the united kingdom from the european union (commonly referred to as "brexit"). in march 2017, the uk government initiated the exit process under article 50 of the treaty of the european union, commencing a period of up to two years for the united kingdom and the other eu member states to negotiate the terms of the withdrawal, which was subsequently postponed until january 31, 2020, at which point the united kingdom formally withdrew from the eu. since then the united kingdom has continued to participate in the eu from a trade and economic perspective while the parties seek to negotiate a trade deal. the deadline for agreeing to a trade deal is december 31, 2020. uncertainty over the terms of the united kingdom's continued participation in the european union could cause political and economic uncertainty in the united kingdom and the rest of europe, which could harm our business and financial results.
brexit will lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations in the united kingdom and european union. we, as well as our clients who have significant operations in the united kingdom, may incur additional costs and expenses as we adapt to potentially divergent regulatory frameworks from the rest of the european union and as a result, our visa operating rules and contractual commitments in the united kingdom and the rest of the european union may be impacted. in addition, applications will need to be made for regulatory authorization and permission in separate eu member states following the post-brexit transition period. these factors may impact our ability to operate and process data in the european union and united kingdom seamlessly. this and other brexit-related issues may require changes to our legal entity structure and/or operations in the united kingdom and the european union. any of these effects of brexit, among others, could harm our business and financial results.
technology and cybersecurity risks failure to anticipate, adapt to, or keep pace with, new technologies in the payments industry could harm our business and impact future growth.
the global payments industry is undergoing significant and rapid technological change, including mobile and other proximity and in-app payment technologies, ecommerce, tokenization, cryptocurrencies, distributed ledger and blockchain technologies, and new authentication technologies such as biometrics, 3d secure 2.0 and dynamic cardholder verification values or dcvv2. as a result, we expect new services and technologies to continue to emerge and evolve, including those developed by visa such as our cross-border b2b payment service, visa b2b connect. in addition to our own initiatives and innovations, we work closely with third parties, including potential competitors, for the development of, and access to, new technologies. it is difficult, however, to predict which technological developments or innovations will become widely adopted and how those technologies may be regulated. moreover, some of the new technologies could be subject to intellectual property-related lawsuits or claims, potentially impacting our development efforts and/or requiring us to obtain licenses. if we or our partners fail to adapt and keep pace with new technologies in the payments space in a timely manner, it could harm our ability to table of contents compete, decrease the value of our products and services to our clients, impact our intellectual property or licensing rights, harm our business and impact our future growth.
a disruption, failure or breach of our networks or systems, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could harm our business.
our cybersecurity and processing systems, as well as those of financial institutions, merchants, and third-party service providers, have experienced in limited instances and may continue to experience errors, interruptions, delays or damage from a number of causes, including power outages, hardware, software and network failures, computer viruses, malware or other destructive software, internal design, manual or usage errors, cyber-attacks, terrorism, workplace violence or wrongdoing, catastrophic events, natural disasters, severe weather conditions and other effects from climate change.
furthermore, our visibility and role in the global payments industry may also put our company at a greater risk of being targeted by hackers. in the normal course of our business, we have been the target of malicious cyber-attack attempts. we have been, and may continue to be, impacted by attacks and data security breaches of financial institutions, merchants, or third-party processors. we are also aware of instances where nation states have sponsored attacks against some of our financial institution clients, and other instances where merchants and issuers have encountered substantial data security breaches affecting their customers, some of whom were visa account holders. such attacks and breaches have resulted, and may continue to result in, fraudulent activity and ultimately, financial losses to visa's clients, and it is difficult to predict the direct or indirect impact of future attacks or breaches to our business.
numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats, including advanced and persistent cyber-attacks, phishing and social engineering schemes, particularly on our internet applications, could compromise the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of data in our systems or the systems of our third-party service providers. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to disable or degrade systems change frequently, have become increasingly more complex and sophisticated, and may be difficult to detect for periods of time, we may not anticipate these acts or respond adequately or timely. the security measures and procedures we, our financial institution and merchant clients, other merchants and third-party service providers in the payments ecosystem have in place to protect sensitive consumer data and other information may not be successful or sufficient to counter all data security breaches, cyber-attacks, or system failures. in some cases, the mitigation efforts may be dependent on third parties who may not deliver to the required contractual standards, who may not be able to timely patch vulnerabilities or fix security defects, or whose hardware, software or network services may be subject to error, defect, delay, outage or lack appropriate malware prevention to prevent breaches or data exfiltration incidents. although we devote significant resources to our cybersecurity and supplier risk management programs and have implemented security measures to protect our systems and data, and to prevent, detect and respond to data security incidents, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent these threats.
these events could significantly disrupt our operations; impact our clients and consumers; damage our reputation and brand; result in litigation or claims, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, and increased regulatory review or scrutiny, investigations, actions, fines or penalties; result in damages or changes to our business practices; decrease the overall use and acceptance of our products; decrease our volume, revenues and future growth prospects; and be costly, time consuming and difficult to remedy. in the event of damage or disruption to our business due to these occurrences, we may not be able to successfully and quickly recover all of our critical business functions, assets, and data through our business continuity program. furthermore, while we maintain insurance, our coverage may not sufficiently cover all types of losses or claims that may arise.
structural and organizational risks we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions or strategic investments, and may face risks and uncertainties as a result.
as part of our overall business strategy, we make acquisitions and strategic investments. we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of our current and future acquisitions and strategic investments and they may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including:
•disruption to our ongoing business, including diversion of resources and management's attention from our existing business;
•greater than expected investment of resources or operating expenses;
•failure to develop the acquired business adequately;
•the data security, cybersecurity and operational resilience posture of our acquired companies, or companies we invest in or partner with, may not be adequate;
•difficulty, expense or failure of implementing controls, procedures and policies at the acquired company;
•challenges of integrating new employees, business cultures, business systems and technologies;
•failure to retain employees, clients or partners of the acquired business;
•in the case of foreign acquisitions, risks related to the integration of operations across different cultures and languages;
•disruptions, costs, liabilities, judgments, settlements or business pressures resulting from litigation matters, investigations or legal proceedings involving the acquisitions or strategic investments. for more information on the proposed acquisition of plaid, please see item 1-business-mergers and acquisitions and strategic investments;
•the inability to pursue aspects of the acquired business due to outcomes in litigation matters, investigations or legal proceedings;
•failure to obtain the necessary government or other approvals at all, on a timely basis or without the imposition of burdensome conditions or restrictions;
•the economic, political, regulatory and compliance risks associated with entering into a new business or operating in new regions or countries. for more information on regulatory risks, please see item 1-business-government regulations and item 1a-risk factors-regulatory risks above;
•discovery of unidentified issues and related liabilities after the acquisition or investment was made;
•failure to mitigate the deficiencies and liabilities of the acquired business;
•dilutive issuance of equity securities, if new securities are issued;
•the incurrence of debt;
•negative impact on our financial position and/or statement of operations; and
•anticipated benefits, synergies or value of the investment or acquisition not materializing.
we may be unable to attract, hire, and retain a highly qualified and diverse workforce, including key management.
the talents and efforts of our employees, particularly our key management, are vital to our success. our management team has significant industry experience and would be difficult to replace. we may be unable to retain them or to attract other highly qualified employees, particularly if we do not offer employment terms that are competitive with the rest of the labor market. ongoing changes in laws and policies regarding immigration and work authorizations have made it more difficult for employees to work in, or transfer among, jurisdictions in which we have operations and could continue to impair our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. failure to attract, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly qualified and diverse employee talent, to develop and implement an adequate succession plan for the management team, or to maintain a corporate culture that fosters innovation, and collaboration could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and our future success.
the conversions of our class b and class c common stock or series a, b and c preferred stock into shares of class a common stock would result in voting dilution to, and could impact the market price of, our existing class a common stock.
the market price of our class a common stock could fall as a result of many factors. the value of our class b and c common stock and series a, b and c preferred stock is tied to the value of the a common stock. under our u.s. retrospective responsibility plan, upon final resolution of our u.s. covered litigation, all class b common stock will become convertible into class a common stock. in september 2020, we released $7.3 billion of the as-converted value from our series b and series c preferred stock and issued series a preferred stock in connection with that release. visa may continue to release value from the series b and series c preferred stock in stages based on developments in current and potential litigation under our europe retrospective responsibility plan. the series b and series c preferred stock will become fully convertible to series a preferred stock or class a common stock no later than 2028 (subject to a holdback to cover any pending claims). visa may take action on the class b common stock and series b and c preferred stock at a certain valuation and due to unforeseen circumstances the overall value of the class b and c common stock and series b and c preferred stock as determined by the a common stock price, may later decrease. conversion of our class b and class c common stock into class a common stock, or our series a, b and c preferred stock into class a common stock, would increase the amount of class a common stock outstanding, which could adversely affect the market price of our existing class a common stock and would dilute the voting power of existing class a common stockholders.
table of contents holders of our class b and c common stock and series a, b and c preferred stock may have different interests than our class a common stockholders concerning certain significant transactions.
although their voting rights are limited, holders of our class b and c common stock and, in certain specified circumstances, holders of our series a, b and c preferred stock, can vote on certain significant transactions. with respect to our class b and c common stock, these transactions include a proposed consolidation or merger, a decision to exit our core payments business and any other vote required under delaware law. with respect to our series a, b and c preferred stock, voting rights are limited to proposed consolidations or mergers in which holders of the series a, b and c preferred stock would receive shares of stock or other equity securities with preferences, rights and privileges that are not substantially identical to the preferences, rights and privileges of the applicable series of preferred stock; or, in the case of series b and c preferred stock, holders would receive securities, cash or other property that is different from what our class a common stockholders would receive. because the holders of classes of capital stock other than class a common stock are our current and former financial institution clients, they may have interests that diverge from our class a common stockholders. as a result, the holders of these classes of capital stock may not have the same incentive to approve a corporate action that may be favorable to the holders of class a common stock, and their interests may otherwise conflict with interests of our class a common stockholders.
delaware law, provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and our capital structure could make a merger, takeover attempt, or change in control difficult.
provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and our capital structure could delay or prevent a merger, takeover attempt, or change in control that our stockholders may consider favorable. for example, except for limited exceptions:
•no person may beneficially own more than 15% of our class a common stock (or 15% of our total outstanding common stock on an as-converted basis), unless our board of directors approves the acquisition of such shares in advance;
•no competitor or an affiliate of a competitor may hold more than 5% of our total outstanding common stock on an as-converted basis;
•the affirmative votes of the class b and c common stock and series a, b and c preferred stock are required for certain types of consolidations or mergers;
•only the board of directors, chairman, or ceo may call a special meeting of stockholders.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this management's discussion and analysis provides a review of the results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and capital resources of visa inc. and its subsidiaries ("visa," "we," "us," "our" and the "company") on a historical basis and outlines the factors that have affected recent earnings, as well as those factors that may affect future earnings. the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
this section of this form 10-k generally discusses fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019. discussions of fiscal 2019 compared to 2018 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our fiscal 2019 form 10-k, filed with the united states securities and exchange commission on november 14, 2019.
overview visa is a global payments technology company that enables innovative, secure and reliable electronic payments across more than 200 countries and territories. we facilitate digital payments across a global network of consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners and government entities through innovative technologies. our advanced transaction processing network, visanet, enables authorization, clearing and settlement of payment transactions and allows us to provide our financial institution and merchant clients a wide range of products, platforms and value added services.
financial overview. our as-reported u.s. gaap and non-gaap net income and diluted earnings per share are as follows:
for the years ended                                       % change(1)
(1)figures in the table may not recalculate exactly due to rounding. percentage changes are calculated based on unrounded numbers.
(2)for a full reconciliation of our non-gaap financial results, see tables in non-gaap financial results below.
coronavirus. covid-19 continues to have an impact globally. while we have been actively monitoring the worldwide spread of covid-19, the extent to which covid-19 will ultimately impact our business remains difficult to predict. our priority remains the safety of our employees, clients and the communities in which we live and operate. we are taking a measured approach in bringing our employees back in the office and will continue to have most of our employees work remotely for the rest of 2020. we continue to remain in close and regular contact with our employees, clients, partners and governments globally to help them navigate these challenging times.
revenues in the latter half of fiscal 2020 were impacted by declines in volumes and transactions as a result of covid-19, although we are exiting the year with improved results and most countries had stable to positive year-over-year domestic spending growth in the fiscal fourth quarter. cross-border volume however, remained depressed, led by travel spending, as the majority of borders remain closed. while we have taken measures to modify our business practices and reduce operating expenses, including scaling back hiring plans, restricting travel, lowering marketing spend and the use of external resources, the impact that covid-19 will have on our business remains difficult to predict due to numerous uncertainties, including the transmissibility, severity and duration of the outbreak, the effectiveness of social distancing measures or actions that are voluntarily adopted by the public or required by governments or public health authorities, the development and availability of effective treatments or vaccines, and the impact to our employees and our operations, the business of our clients, supplier and business partners, and other factors identified in part i, item 1a "risk factors" in this form 10-k. we will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact to our business.
table of contents highlights for fiscal 2020. net revenues for fiscal 2020 were $21.8 billion, a decrease of 5% over the prior year, primarily due to the year-over-year changes payments volume, cross-border volume and processed transactions, which were impacted by the spread of covid-19 globally starting in the latter part of march 2020. exchange rate movements in fiscal 2020, partially mitigated by our hedging program, negatively impacted our net revenues growth by approximately half a percentage point.
total operating expenses for fiscal 2020 were $7.8 billion on a gaap basis, and decreased 3% over the prior year, driven by lower litigation provision and our overall cost reduction strategy, offset by higher personnel and depreciation and amortization from our ongoing investments in support of our strategy for future growth. total operating expenses for fiscal 2020 were $7.7 billion on a non-gaap basis, and increased 1% over the prior year primarily driven by higher personnel, offset by our overall cost reduction strategy.
non-gaap financial results. we use non-gaap financial measures of our performance which exclude certain items which we believe are not representative of our continuing operations, as they may be non-recurring or have no cash impact, and may distort our longer-term operating trends. we consider non-gaap measures useful to investors because they provide greater transparency into management's view and assessment of our ongoing operating performance. starting in fiscal 2020, we revised our non-gaap methodology to also exclude the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments, amortization of acquired intangible assets and acquisition-related costs for acquisitions that closed in fiscal 2019 and subsequent periods. prior year amounts have been restated to conform to our current presentation.
•gains and losses on equity investments. gains and losses on equity investments include periodic non-cash fair value adjustments and gains and losses upon sale of an investment. these long-term investments are strategic in nature and are primarily private company investments. gains and losses and the related tax impacts associated with these investments are tied to the performance of the companies that we invest in and therefore do not correlate to the underlying performance of our business.
•amortization of acquired intangible assets. amortization of acquired intangible assets consists of amortization of intangible assets such as developed technology, customer relationships and brands acquired in connection with business combinations executed beginning in fiscal 2019. amortization charges for our acquired intangible assets are non-cash and are significantly affected by the timing, frequency and size of our acquisitions, rather than our core operations. as such, we have excluded this amount and the related tax impact to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and comparison to our past operating performance.
•acquisition-related costs. acquisition-related costs consist primarily of one-time transaction and integration costs associated with our business combinations. these costs include professional fees, technology integration fees, restructuring activities and other direct costs related to the purchase and integration of acquired entities. it also includes retention equity and deferred equity compensation when they are agreed upon as part of the purchase price of the transaction but are required to be recognized as expense post-combination. we have excluded these amounts and the related tax impacts as the expenses are recognized for a limited duration and do not reflect the underlying performance of our business.
•litigation provision. during fiscal 2019 and 2018, we recorded a litigation provision of $370 million and $600 million, respectively, and related tax benefits of $83 million and $137 million, respectively, associated with the interchange multidistrict litigation. the tax impact is determined by applying applicable federal and state tax rates to the litigation provision. under the u.s. retrospective responsibility plan, we recover the monetary liabilities related to the u.s. covered litigation through a reduction to the conversion rate of our class b common stock to shares of class a common stock. see note 5-u.s. and europe retrospective responsibility plans and note 20-legal matters to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
•charitable contributions. during fiscal 2018, we donated investment securities to the visa foundation and recognized a non-cash general and administrative expense of $195 million, before tax, and recorded $193 million of realized gain on the donation of these investments as non-operating income. net of the related cash tax benefit of $51 million, determined by applying applicable tax rates, non-gaap net income decreased by $49 million.
•remeasurement of deferred tax balances. during fiscal 2020, in connection with the uk enacted legislation that repealed the previous tax rate reduction from 19% to 17% that was effective on april 1, 2020, we table of contents remeasured our net deferred tax liabilities as of the enactment date, resulting in the recognition of a non-recurring, non-cash income tax expense of $329 million. during fiscal 2018, in connection with the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") reduction of the corporate income tax rate, we remeasured our net deferred tax liabilities as of the enactment date, resulting in the recognition of a non-recurring, non-cash income tax benefit of $1.1 billion. see note 19-income taxes to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
•transition tax on foreign earnings. during fiscal 2018, in connection with the tax act requirement that we include certain untaxed foreign earnings of non-u.s. subsidiaries in our fiscal 2018 taxable income, we recorded a one-time transition tax estimate of approximately $1.1 billion. see note 19-income taxes to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
•resolution of a tax item. during fiscal 2020, we resolved a long-outstanding tax matter, dating back more than 12 years, relating to certain tax filing positions taken prior to our initial public offering. the resolution of this matter resulted in the recognition of a one-time charge to income tax expense of $28 million, which we believe is not representative of our continuing operations and ongoing effective tax rate.
non-gaap operating expenses, non-operating income (expense), income tax provision, effective income tax rate, net income and diluted earnings per share should not be relied upon as substitutes for measures calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap. the following tables reconcile our as-reported financial measures, calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap, to the respective non-gaap financial measures:
operating expenses                     non-operating income (expense)                         income tax provision               effective income tax rate(1)                         net income                   diluted earnings per share(1)
amortization of acquired intangible assets         (46)                                   -                                      11                                                                                                        35                                      0.02
remeasurement of deferred tax balances             -                                      -                                                            (329)                                                                              329                                      0.15
resolution of a tax item                           -                                      -                                                             (28)                                                                               28                                      0.01
operating expenses               non-operating income (expense)                         income tax provision               effective income tax rate(1)                         net income               diluted earnings per share(1)
amortization of acquired intangible assets                     (6)                        -                                                                1                                                                                5                     -
table of contents for the year ended september 30, 2018
operating expenses                     non-operating income (expense)                         income tax provision               effective income tax rate(1)                         net income                   diluted earnings per share(1)
remeasurement of deferred tax balances          -                                      -                                                            1,133                                                                          (1,133)                                    (0.49)
release of preferred stock. in september 2020, we released $7.3 billion of the as-converted value from our series b and c preferred stock (alternatively referred to as uk&i and europe preferred stock, respectively) and issued 374,819 shares of series a preferred stock in connection with the first mandatory release assessment, as required by the litigation management deed entered into at the time of the visa europe acquisition. see note 5-u.s. and europe retrospective responsibility plans and note 15-stockholders' equity to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
common stock repurchases. in january 2020, our board of directors authorized a $9.5 billion share repurchase program (the "january 2020 program"). during fiscal 2020, we repurchased 44 million shares of our class a common stock in the open market for $8.1 billion. as of september 30, 2020, our january 2020 program had remaining authorized funds of $5.5 billion for share repurchase. see note 15-stockholders' equity to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
senior notes. in fiscal 2020, we issued fixed-rate senior notes in public offerings in an aggregate principal amount of $7.3 billion with maturities ranging between 7 and 30 years. see note 10-debt to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
acquisition. on january 13, 2020, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire plaid inc. for $5.3 billion. we will pay approximately $4.9 billion of cash and $0.4 billion of retention equity and deferred equity consideration. this acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory reviews and approvals.
on november 5, 2020, the u.s. department of justice filed a complaint in the u.s. district court for the northern district of california seeking a permanent injunction to prevent visa from acquiring plaid, alleging that the proposed acquisition would substantially lessen competition in violation of section 7 of the clayton act and would constitute monopolization under section 2 of the sherman act. visa intends to vigorously defend the lawsuit. see note 2-acquisitions and note 20-legal matters to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
payments volume and processed transactions. payments volume is the primary driver for our service revenues, and the number of processed transactions is the primary driver for our data processing revenues.
nominal payments volume growth in the u.s. for the 12 months ended june 30, 2020 and 2019 was 4% and 10%, respectively. the decrease in nominal international payments volume of 1% for the 12 months ended june 30, 2020(1) was negatively impacted by the overall strengthening of the u.s. dollar. on a constant-dollar basis, which excludes the impact of exchange rate movements, our international payments volume growth for the 12 months ended june 30, 2020 and 2019 was 2% and 9%, respectively. growth in processed transactions reflects the ongoing worldwide shift to electronic payments, partially offset by the impact of covid-19.
table of contents the following tables present nominal payments and cash volume:
2020                                                                        2019                    %change(2)                     2020                        2019                    %change(2)   2020                     2019                                         %change(2)
nominal payments volume consumer credit                           $1,518                      $1,540                         (1)     %               $2,361                      $2,484                         (5)     %               $3,879                      $4,025                         (4)     %
total nominal payments volume(2)          $4,009                      $3,873                           4     %               $4,704                      $4,742                         (1)     %               $8,713                      $8,615                           1     %
total nominal volume(2),(5)               $4,583                      $4,447                           3     %               $6,750                      $7,003                         (4)     %              $11,333                     $11,450                         (1)     %
2019                                                                        2018                    %change(2)                     2019                        2018                    %change(2)   2019                                          2018                    %change(2)
nominal payments volume consumer credit                           $1,540                      $1,441                           7     %               $2,484                      $2,455                           1     %               $4,025                      $3,897                           3     %
total nominal payments volume(2)          $3,873                      $3,526                          10     %               $4,742                      $4,611                           3     %               $8,615                      $8,137                           6     %
total nominal volume(2),(5)               $4,447                      $4,089                           9     %               $7,003                      $7,048                         (1)     %              $11,450                     $11,137                           3     %
the following table presents the change in nominal and constant payments and cash volume:
nominal                   constant(6)                 nominal                   constant(6)                 nominal                   constant(6)                 nominal                   constant(6)
payments volume growth consumer credit growth                     (5)    %                     (2)     %                  1    %                       8     %                (4)    %                     (2)     %                  3    %                       7     %
consumer debit growth(3)                     5    %                       9     %                  5    %                      11     %                  7    %                       9     %                  8    %                      11     %
commercial growth(4)                       (3)    %                       -     %                  5    %                      13     %                  -    %                       1     %                  9    %                      12     %
total payments volume growth(2)            (1)    %                       2     %                  3    %                       9     %                  1    %                       3     %                  6    %                      10     %
cash volume growth                         (9)    %                     (6)     %                (7)    %                       -     %                (8)    %                     (5)     %                (6)    %                       -     %
total volume growth(2)                     (4)    %                     (1)     %                (1)    %                       6     %                (1)    %                       1     %                  3    %                       7     %
(1)service revenues in a given quarter are assessed based on nominal payments volume in the prior quarter. therefore, service revenues reported for the 12 months ended september 30, 2020, 2019 and 2018, were based on nominal payments volume reported by our financial institution clients for the 12 months ended june 30, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
(2)figures in the tables may not recalculate exactly due to rounding. percentage changes and totals are calculated based on unrounded numbers.
(4)includes large, medium and small business credit and debit, as well as commercial prepaid volume.
(5)total nominal volume is the sum of total nominal payments volume and cash volume. total nominal payments volume is the total monetary value of transactions for goods and services that are purchased on cards carrying the visa, visa electron, interlink and v pay brands. cash volume generally consists of cash access transactions, balance access transactions, balance transfers and convenience checks. total nominal volume is provided by our financial institution clients, subject to review by visa. on occasion, previously presented volume information may be updated. prior period updates are not material.
(6)growth on a constant-dollar basis excludes the impact of foreign currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar.
table of contents the following table provides the number of transactions involving cards and other form factors carrying the visa, visa electron, interlink, vpay and plus cards processed on visa's networks:
for the years ended                                                                 % change(1)
(1)figures in the table may not recalculate exactly due to rounding. percentage changes are calculated based on unrounded numbers. on occasion, previously presented information may be updated. prior period updates are not material.
financial information presentation net revenues our net revenues are primarily generated from payments volume on visa products for purchased goods and services, as well as the number of transactions processed on our network. we do not earn revenues from, or bear credit risk with respect to, interest or fees paid by account holders on visa products. our issuing clients have the responsibility for issuing cards and other payment products and determining the interest rates and fees paid by account holders. we generally do not earn revenues from the fees that merchants are charged for acceptance by acquirers, including the merchant discount rate. our acquiring clients are generally responsible for soliciting merchants as well as establishing and earning these fees.
the following sets forth the components of our net revenues:
service revenues consist mainly of revenues earned for services provided in support of client usage of visa payment services. current quarter service revenues are primarily assessed using a calculation of current quarter's pricing applied to the prior quarter's payments volume. service revenues also include assessments designed to support ongoing acceptance and volume growth initiatives, which are recognized in the same period the related volumes are transacted.
data processing revenues are earned for authorization, clearing, settlement, value added services, network access and other maintenance and support services that facilitate transaction and information processing among our clients globally. data processing revenues are recognized in the same period the related transactions occur or services are performed.
international transaction revenues are earned for cross-border transaction processing and currency conversion activities. cross-border transactions arise when the country of origin of the issuer, or financial institution originating the transaction, is different from that of the beneficiary. international transaction revenues are recognized in the same period the cross-border transactions occur or services are performed.
other revenues consist mainly of value added services, license fees for use of the visa brand or technology, fees for account holder services, certification, licensing and product enhancements, such as extended account holder protection and concierge services. other revenues are recognized in the same period the related transactions occur or services are performed.
client incentives consist of incentives provided in contracts with financial institution clients, merchants and strategic partners for various programs designed to grow payments volume, increase visa product acceptance, win merchant routing transactions over our network and drive innovation. these incentives are primarily accounted for as reductions to revenues.
operating expenses personnel expenses include salaries, employee benefits, incentive compensation, share-based compensation, severance charges and contractor expense.
marketing expenses include expenses associated with advertising and marketing campaigns, sponsorships and other related promotions of the visa brand.
table of contents network and processing expenses mainly represent expenses for the operation of our processing network, including maintenance, equipment rental and fees for other data processing services.
professional fees mainly consist of fees for consulting, legal and other professional services.
depreciation and amortization expenses include depreciation expense for property and equipment, as well as amortization of purchased and internally developed software. also included in this amount is amortization of finite-lived intangible assets primarily obtained through acquisitions.
general and administrative expenses consist mainly of product enhancements, facilities costs, travel activities, indirect taxes, foreign exchange gains and losses and other corporate expenses incurred in support of our business.
litigation provision represents litigation expenses and is based on management's understanding of our litigation profile, the specifics of the cases, advice of counsel to the extent appropriate and management's best estimate of incurred loss.
non-operating income (expense)
non-operating income (expense) primarily includes interest expense, gains and losses earned on investments, income from derivative instruments not associated with our core business, as well as the non-service components of net periodic pension income and expenses.
results of operations net revenues the following table sets forth our net revenues earned in the u.s. and internationally:
for the years ended            $ change                                                                  % change(1)
(1)figures in the table may not recalculate exactly due to rounding. percentage changes are calculated based on unrounded numbers.
net revenues decreased in fiscal 2020 primarily due to the year-over-year changes in payments volume, cross-border volume and processed transactions, which were impacted by covid-19 starting in the latter part of march 2020.
our net revenues are impacted by the overall strengthening or weakening of the u.s. dollar as payments volume and related revenues denominated in local currencies are converted to u.s. dollars. exchange rate movements in fiscal 2020, as partially mitigated by our hedging program, negatively impacted our net revenues growth by approximately half a percentage point.
table of contents the following table sets forth the components of our net revenues:
for the years ended                                            $ change                                    % change(1)
service revenues                             $9,804                      $9,700                      $8,918                       $104                     $782                      1   %                   9   %
data processing revenues                     10,975                      10,333                       9,027                        642                    1,306                      6   %                  14   %
(1)figures in the table may not recalculate exactly due to rounding. percentage changes are calculated based on unrounded numbers.
•service revenues increased primarily due to 1% growth in nominal payments volume.
•data processing revenues increased due to 2% growth in processed transactions, growth in value added services and select pricing modifications.
•international transaction revenues decreased due to a 23% decline in nominal cross-border volumes, excluding transactions within europe, as covid-19 spread globally starting in the latter part of march 2020. international transaction revenues were also impacted by select pricing modifications.
•other revenues increased primarily due to the increase in consulting and marketing services related fees, other value added services and acquisition-related revenues.
•client incentives increased mainly due to incentives recognized on long-term client contracts that were initiated or renewed during fiscal 2020 partially offset by the recent decline in global payments volume. the amount of client incentives we record in future periods will vary based on changes in performance expectations, actual client performance, amendments to existing contracts or the execution of new contracts.
operating expenses the following table sets forth the components of our total operating expenses:
for the years ended                                        $ change                                      % change(1)
marketing                                 971                       1,105                         988                    (134)                    117                   (12)   %                    12   %
network and processing                    727                         721                         686                        6                     35                      1   %                     5   %
professional fees                         408                         454                         446                     (46)                      8                   (10)   %                     2   %
total operating expenses(2)            $7,765                      $7,976                      $7,655                   $(211)                   $321                    (3)   %                     4   %
(1)figures in the table may not recalculate exactly due to rounding. percentage changes are calculated based on unrounded numbers.
(2)operating expenses for fiscal 2019 and 2018 include significant items that we do not believe are indicative of our operating performance as they are related to the interchange multidistrict litigation provision or charitable donations. see overview within this item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
•personnel expenses increased due to continued headcount growth in support of our investment strategy for future growth.
•marketing expenses decreased reflecting our overall cost reduction strategy, the absence of fifa women's world cup and the delay of the tokyo olympics to fiscal 2021, partially offset by an increase in client marketing spend.
•professional fees decreased reflecting our overall cost reduction strategy.
•general and administrative expenses decreased primarily due to travel restrictions and our overall cost reduction strategy.
•litigation provision decreased primarily due to lower accruals for uncovered litigation in fiscal 2020 and a $370 million accrual in fiscal 2019 related to the interchange multidistrict litigation. see note 5-u.s. and europe retrospective responsibility plans and note 20-legal matters to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
non-operating income (expense)
the following table sets forth the components of our non-operating income (expense):
for the years ended                                                              $ change                                                                  % change(1)
total non-operating income (expense)         $(291)                      $(117)                      $(148)                   $(174)                       $31       148                %                  (20)   %
(1)figures in the table may not recalculate exactly due to rounding. percentage changes are calculated based on unrounded numbers.
•interest expense, net decreased primarily as a result of derivative instruments that lowered the cost of borrowing on a portion of our outstanding debt, offset by additional interest expense related to the issuance of debt in fiscal 2020. see note 10-debt and note 13-derivative financial instruments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
•investment income and other decreased primarily due to lower gains on our equity investments and lower interest income on our cash and investments. see note 6-fair value measurements and investments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
for the years ended                                    change september 30, the effective tax rate in fiscal 2020 differs from the effective tax rate in fiscal 2019 mainly due to a $329 million non-recurring, non-cash tax expense relating to the remeasurement of uk deferred tax liabilities, as a result of the enactment of uk legislation on july 22, 2020 that repealed the previous tax rate reduction from 19% to 17% that was effective on april 1, 2020. the remeasurement of uk deferred tax liabilities was primarily related to deferred taxes on intangibles recorded upon the acquisition of visa europe in fiscal 2016.
table of contents liquidity and capital resources management of our liquidity we regularly evaluate cash requirements for current operations, commitments, development activities and capital expenditures, and we may elect to raise additional funds for these purposes in the future through the issuance of either debt or equity. our treasury policies provide management with the guidelines and authority to manage liquidity risk in a manner consistent with our corporate objectives.
the objectives of our treasury policies are to:
•provide adequate liquidity to cover operating expenditures and liquidity contingency scenarios;
•ensure timely completion of payments settlement activities;
•make planned capital investments in our business;
•pay dividends and repurchase our shares at the discretion of our board of directors; and
•invest excess cash in securities that enable us to first meet our working capital and liquidity needs, and earn additional income.
based on our current cash flow budgets and forecasts of our short-term and long-term liquidity needs, we believe that our projected sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our projected liquidity needs for more than the next 12 months. we will continue to assess our liquidity position and potential sources of supplemental liquidity in view of our operating performance, current economic and capital market conditions and other relevant circumstances.
operating activities                                                                                                $10,440                       $12,784                       $12,941
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents              440                         (277)                         (101)
operating activities. cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2020 was lower than the prior fiscal year primarily due to lower net income, higher client incentive payments and timing of settlement.
investing activities. cash provided by investing activities in fiscal 2020 was higher than the prior fiscal year primarily due to higher proceeds from sales and maturities of investment securities, combined with fewer investment security purchases, lower purchase consideration paid for acquisitions, net of cash and restricted cash acquired, due to fewer acquisitions and lower purchases of other investments.
financing activities. cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2020 was lower than the prior fiscal year primarily due to proceeds received from the issuance of senior notes, the absence of the deferred purchase consideration payment made in the prior year and lower share repurchases, partially offset by higher dividends paid. see note 10-debt and note 15-stockholders' equity, to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
table of contents sources of liquidity our primary sources of liquidity are cash on hand, cash flow from our operations, our investment portfolio and access to various equity and borrowing arrangements. funds from operations are maintained in cash and cash equivalents and short-term or long-term available-for-sale investment securities based upon our funding requirements, access to liquidity from these holdings and the return that these holdings provide. we believe that cash flow generated from operations, in conjunction with access to our other sources of liquidity, will be more than sufficient to meet our ongoing operational needs.
available-for-sale debt securities. our investment portfolio is designed to invest cash in securities which enables us to meet our working capital and liquidity needs. our investment portfolio consists of debt securities issued by the u.s. treasury or u.s. government-sponsored agencies. the majority of these investments, $3.6 billion, are classified as current and are available to meet short-term liquidity needs. the remaining non-current investments have stated maturities of more than one year from the balance sheet date; however, they are also generally available to meet short-term liquidity needs.
factors that may impact the liquidity of our investment portfolio include, but are not limited to, changes to credit ratings of the securities, uncertainty related to regulatory developments, actions by central banks and other monetary authorities and the ongoing strength and quality of credit markets. we will continue to review our portfolio in light of evolving market and economic conditions. however, if current market conditions deteriorate, the liquidity of our investment portfolio may be impacted and we could determine that some of our investments are impaired, which could adversely impact our financial results. we have policies that limit the amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution or type of investment.
commercial paper program. we maintain a commercial paper program to support our working capital requirements and for other general corporate purposes. under the program, we are authorized to issue up to $3.0 billion in outstanding notes, with maturities up to 397 days from the date of issuance. we had no outstanding obligations under the program at september 30, 2020. see note 10-debt to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
credit facility. we have an unsecured $5.0 billion revolving credit facility (the "credit facility") which expires on july 25, 2024. there were no borrowings under the credit facility as of september 30, 2020. see note 10-debt to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
senior notes. in fiscal 2020, we issued fixed-rate senior notes in public offerings in an aggregate principal amount of $7.3 billion with maturities between 7 and 30 years. see note 10-debt to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
u.s. litigation escrow account. pursuant to the terms of the u.s. retrospective responsibility plan, which was created to insulate visa and our class a common shareholders from financial liability for certain litigation cases, we maintain a u.s. litigation escrow account from which monetary liabilities from settlements of, or judgments in, the u.s. covered litigation will be payable. when we fund the u.s. litigation escrow account, the shares of class b common stock held by our stockholders are subject to dilution through an adjustment to the conversion rate of the shares of class b common stock to shares of class a common stock. the balance in this account at september 30, 2020, was $0.9 billion and is reflected as restricted cash equivalents in our consolidated balance sheets. as these funds are restricted for the sole purpose of making payments related to the u.s. covered litigation matters, as described below under uses of liquidity, we do not rely on them for other operational needs. see note 5-u.s. and europe retrospective responsibility plans and note 20-legal matters to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
standard and poor's                          moody's debt type                        rating                        outlook        rating                  outlook short-term unsecured debt        a-1+                          stable         p-1                     stable long-term unsecured debt         aa-                           stable         aa3                     stable table of contents various factors affect our credit ratings, including changes in our operating performance, the economic environment, conditions in the electronic payment industry, our financial position and changes in our business strategy. we do not currently foresee any reasonable circumstances under which our credit ratings would be significantly downgraded. if a downgrade were to occur, it could adversely impact, among other things, our future borrowing costs and access to capital markets.
uses of liquidity payments settlement. payments settlement due to and from our financial institution clients can represent a substantial daily liquidity requirement. most u.s. dollar settlements are settled within the same day and do not result in a receivable or payable balance, while settlements in currencies other than the u.s. dollar generally remain outstanding for one to two business days, which is consistent with industry practice for such transactions. in general, during fiscal 2020, we were not required to fund settlement-related working capital. our average daily net settlement position was a net payable of $452 million. we hold approximately $7.7 billion of available liquidity globally as of september 30, 2020, in the form of cash, cash equivalents and available-for-sale investment securities, to fund daily settlement in the event one or more of our financial institution clients are unable to settle.
u.s. covered litigation. we are parties to legal and regulatory proceedings with respect to a variety of matters, including certain litigation that we refer to as the u.s. covered litigation. as noted above, monetary liabilities from settlements of, or judgments in, the u.s. covered litigation are payable from the u.s. litigation escrow account. in september 2018, visa and other defendants entered into an amended settlement agreement with plaintiffs in the interchange multidistrict litigation purporting to represent a class of plaintiffs seeking monetary damages, which superseded and amended the 2012 settlement agreement. in december 2019, the district court granted final approval of the amended settlement agreement relating to claims by the damages class, which was subsequently appealed. settlement discussions with plaintiffs purporting to act on behalf of the putative injunctive relief class are ongoing.
during fiscal 2020, we have reached settlements with a number of merchants representing approximately 40% of the visa-branded payment card sales volume of merchants who opted out of the amended settlement agreement with the damages class plaintiffs. at september 30, 2020, the u.s. litigation escrow account had an available balance of $0.9 billion for settlement with opt-out merchants.
other litigation. judgments in and settlements of litigation, other than the u.s. covered litigation, including ve territory covered litigation or other fines imposed in investigations and proceedings, could give rise to future liquidity needs.
common stock repurchases. during fiscal 2020, we repurchased 44 million shares of our class a common stock in the open market for $8.1 billion. as of september 30, 2020, our january 2020 program had remaining authorized funds of $5.5 billion. see note 15-stockholders' equity to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
dividends. during fiscal 2020, we declared and paid $2.7 billion in dividends at a quarterly rate of $0.30 per share. on october 23, 2020, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.32 per share of class a common stock (determined in the case of class b and c common stock and series a, uk&i and europe preferred stock on an as-converted basis). we expect to pay approximately $703 million in connection with this dividend on december 1, 2020. see note 15-stockholders' equity to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report. we expect to continue paying quarterly dividends in cash, subject to approval by the board of directors. all preferred and class b and c common stock will share ratably on an as-converted basis in such future dividends.
pension and other postretirement benefits. we sponsor various qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans that provide for retirement and medical benefits for substantially all employees residing in the u.s. as a result of the acquisition of visa europe, we assumed the obligations related to visa europe's defined benefit plan, primarily consisting of the uk pension plans. our policy with respect to our u.s. qualified pension plan is to contribute annually in september of each year, an amount not less than the minimum required under the employee retirement income security act. our u.s. non-qualified pension and other postretirement benefit plans are funded on a current basis. in relation to the visa europe uk pension plans, our funding policy is to contribute in accordance with the appropriate funding requirements agreed with the trustees of our uk pension plans. additional amounts may be agreed with the uk pension plan trustees. in fiscal 2020, we made contributions to our u.s. pension and other postretirement benefit plans of $3 million and to our visa europe's uk pension plans of $22 million. in fiscal 2021, given current projections and assumptions, we anticipate funding table of contents our u.s. pension and other postretirement benefit plans and visa europe's uk defined benefit pension plans by approximately $2 million and $10 million, respectively. the actual contribution amount will vary depending upon the funded status of the pension plan, movements in the discount rate, performance of the plan assets and related tax consequences. see note 11-pension and other postretirement benefits to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
capital expenditures. our capital expenditures decreased slightly during fiscal 2020. we expect to continue investing in technology assets and payments system infrastructure to support our digital solutions and core business initiatives.
senior notes. a principal payment of $3.0 billion is due on december 14, 2020 on our fixed-rate senior notes issued in december 2015, for which we have sufficient liquidity. see note 10-debt to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
acquisitions. in fiscal 2020, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire plaid inc. for $5.3 billion. we will pay approximately $4.9 billion of cash and $0.4 billion of retention equity and deferred equity consideration. on november 5, 2020, the u.s. department of justice filed a complaint in the u.s. district court for the northern district of california seeking a permanent injunction to prevent visa from acquiring plaid. see note 2-acquisitions and note 20-legal matters to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
off-balance sheet arrangements our off-balance sheet arrangements are primarily comprised of guarantees and indemnifications. visa has no off-balance sheet arrangements, other than purchase order commitments, as discussed and reflected in our contractual obligations table below.
indemnifications we indemnify our financial institution clients for settlement losses suffered due to the failure of any other client to fund its settlement obligations in accordance with our operating rules. the amount of the indemnification is limited to the amount of unsettled visa payment transactions at any point in time. we maintain and regularly review global settlement risk policies and procedures to manage settlement risk, which may require clients to post collateral if certain credit standards are not met. see note 1-summary of significant accounting policies and note 12-settlement guarantee management to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
in the ordinary course of business, we enter into contractual arrangements with financial institutions and other clients and partners under which we may agree to indemnify the client for certain types of losses incurred relating to the services we provide or otherwise relating to our performance under the applicable agreement.
table of contents contractual obligations our contractual commitments will have an impact on our future liquidity. the contractual obligations identified in the table below include both on- and off-balance sheet transactions that represent a material, expected or contractually committed future obligation as of september 30, 2020. we believe that we will be able to fund these obligations through cash generated from our operations and available credit facilities.
(1)amounts presented include payments for both interest and principal. also see note 10-debt to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
(2)represents agreements to purchase goods and services that specify significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, minimum or variable price provisions, and the approximate timing of the transaction. for obligations where the individual years of spend are not specified in the contract, we have estimated the timing of when these amounts will be spent.
(3)includes operating leases for premises and equipment, which range in original lease terms from less than one year to twenty-six years.
(4)amounts presented relate to the estimated transition tax, net of foreign tax credit carryovers, on certain foreign earnings of non-u.s. subsidiaries. see note 19-income taxes to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
(5)includes expected dividend amount of $703 million as dividends were declared on october 23, 2020 and will be paid on december 1, 2020 to all holders of record of visa's common and preferred stock as of november 13, 2020.
(6)we have liabilities for uncertain tax positions of $2.0 billion as of september 30, 2020. at september 30, 2020, we had also accrued $233 million of interest and $31 million of penalties associated with our uncertain tax positions. we cannot determine the range of cash payments that will be made and the timing of the cash settlements, if any, associated with our uncertain tax positions. therefore, no amounts related to these obligations have been included in the table.
(7)we evaluate the need to make contributions to our pension plan after considering the funded status of the pension plan, movements in the discount rate, performance of the plan assets and related tax consequences. expected contributions to our pension plan have not been included in the table as such amounts are dependent upon the considerations discussed above, and may result in a wide range of amounts. see note 11-pension and other postretirement benefits to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report and the liquidity and capital resources section of this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
(8)future cash payments for long-term contracts with financial institution clients and other business partners are not included in the table as the amounts are unknowable due to the inherent unpredictability of payment and transaction volume. these agreements, which range in terms from less than one to fifteen years, can provide card issuance and/or conversion support, volume/growth targets or marketing and program support based on specific performance requirements. as of september 30, 2020, we have $4.4 billion of client incentives liability recorded on the consolidated balance sheet related to these arrangements.
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america which require us to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. see note 1-summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data of this report. we have established policies and control procedures which seek to ensure that estimates and assumptions are appropriately governed and applied consistently from period to period. however, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material.
we believe that the following accounting estimates are the most critical to fully understand and evaluate our reported financial results, as they require our most subjective or complex management judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and unpredictable.
table of contents revenue recognition-client incentives critical estimates. we enter into long-term incentive agreements with financial institution clients, merchants and other business partners for various programs designed to increase revenue by growing payments volume, increasing visa product acceptance, winning merchant routing transactions over to our network and driving innovation. these incentives are primarily accounted for as reductions to net revenues; however, if a separate identifiable benefit at fair value can be established, they are accounted for as operating expenses. incentives are recognized systematically and rationally based on management's estimate of each client's performance. these estimates are regularly reviewed and adjusted as appropriate based on changes in performance expectations, actual client performance, amendments to existing contracts or the execution of new contracts.
assumptions and judgment. estimation of client incentives relies on forecasts of payments and transaction volume, card issuance and card conversion. performance is estimated using client-reported information, transactional information accumulated from our systems, historical information, market and economic conditions and discussions with our clients, merchants and business partners.
impact if actual results differ from assumptions. if actual performance is not consistent with our estimates, client incentives may be materially different than initially recorded. increases in incentive payments are generally driven by increased payments and transaction volume, which drive our net revenues. as a result, in the event incentive payments exceed estimates, such payments are not expected to have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. the cumulative impact of a revision in estimates is recorded in the period such revisions become probable and estimable. for the year ended september 30, 2020, client incentives represented 23% of gross revenues.
legal and regulatory matters critical estimates. we are currently involved in various legal proceedings, the outcomes of which are not within our complete control or may not be known for prolonged periods of time. management is required to assess the probability of loss and estimate the amount of such loss, if any, in preparing our consolidated financial statements.
assumptions and judgment. we evaluate the likelihood of a potential loss from legal or regulatory proceedings to which we are a party. we record a liability for such claims when a loss is deemed probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. significant judgment may be required in the determination of both probability and whether a potential loss is reasonably estimable. our judgments are subjective based on management's understanding of the litigation profile, the specifics of each case, our history with similar proceedings, advice of in-house and outside legal counsel to the extent appropriate and management's best estimate of incurred loss. as additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential loss related to pending claims and may revise our estimates.
we have entered into loss sharing agreements that reduce our potential liability under certain litigation. however, our u.s. retrospective responsibility plan only addresses monetary liabilities from settlements of, or final judgments in, the u.s. covered litigation. the plan's mechanisms include the use of the u.s. litigation escrow account. the accrual related to the u.s. covered litigation could be either higher or lower than the u.s. litigation escrow account balance. our europe retrospective responsibility plan only covers visa europe territory covered litigation (and resultant liabilities and losses) relating to the covered period, subject to certain limitations, and does not cover any fines or penalties incurred in the european commission proceedings or any other matter. see note 5-u.s. and europe retrospective responsibility plans and note 20-legal matters to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data.
impact if actual results differ from assumptions. due to the inherent uncertainties of the legal and regulatory processes in the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate, our judgments may be materially different than the actual outcomes, which could have material adverse effects on our business, financial conditions and results of operations. see note 20-legal matters to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8-financial statements and supplementary data.
income taxes critical estimates. in calculating our effective income tax rate, we make judgments regarding certain tax positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and allocations of income among various tax jurisdictions.
table of contents assumptions and judgment. we have various tax filing positions with regard to the timing and amount of deductions and credits, the establishment of liabilities for uncertain tax positions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. we are also required to inventory, evaluate and measure all uncertain tax positions taken or to be taken on tax returns and to record liabilities for the amount of such positions that may not be sustained, or may only be partially sustained, upon examination by the relevant taxing authorities.
impact if actual results differ from assumptions. although we believe that our estimates and judgments are reasonable, actual results may differ from these estimates. some or all of these judgments are subject to review by the taxing authorities. if one or more of the taxing authorities were to successfully challenge our right to realize some or all of the tax benefit we have recorded, and we were unable to realize this benefit, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and cash flows.