Applied's business is driven primarily by customer spending on capital equipment and services to support key technology transitions or to increase production volume in response to worldwide demand for semiconductors and displays. The growth of data and emerging end-market drivers such as artificial intelligence, the internet of things, 5G networks, smart vehicles, and augmented and virtual reality are also creating the next wave of growth for the industry. Applied's strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections; expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries; and growing its services business. Applied's significant investments in research, development, and engineering must generally enable it to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. The semiconductor systems segment is comprised primarily of capital equipment used to fabricate semiconductor chips, and development efforts are focused on solving customers' key technical challenges in transistor, interconnect, patterning, and packaging performance as devices scale to advanced technology nodes. Demand for applied global services' service solutions is driven by Applied's large and growing installed base of manufacturing systems, and customers' needs to shorten ramp times, improve device performance and yield, and optimize factory output and operating costs. Industry conditions that affect applied global services' sales of spares and services are primarily characterized by increases in semiconductor manufacturers' wafer starts and continued strong utilization rates, growth of the installed base of equipment, and the company's ability to sell more comprehensive service agreements. Applied's future operating results depend to a considerable extent on its ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products it provides. Management believes that it is critical to continue to make substantial investments in research, development, and engineering to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of its customers' most advanced designs. Applied's commitment to investing in research, development, and engineering is intended to continue offering new products and technologies that align with market needs and technological advancements. The results for each reportable segment reflect the impact of strategic resource allocation and the ability to adapt to changing market conditions, emphasizing the importance of operational flexibility and responsiveness to customer demands. Applied's ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is crucial for transforming the firm into a competitive force. The company's operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness are enhanced through strategic management practices and technology integration, which are essential for maintaining market agility and responding to evolving business needs.