Arista Networks pioneered software-driven, cognitive cloud networking for large-scale data center and campus workspace environments. Our industry-leading cloud networking platform is highly scalable and programmable, purpose-built to address the functional and performance requirements for cloud networks, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics, and has further allowed us to integrate rapidly with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. We believe that cloud networking will continue to replace legacy network technologies across data center and campus environments. Our cloud networking platforms are well positioned to address the growing cloud networking market and to address increasing performance requirements driven by the growing number of connected devices, as well as the need for constant connectivity and access to data and applications. The markets for cloud networking solutions are highly competitive and characterized by rapidly changing technology, changing end-customer needs, evolving industry standards, frequent introductions of new products and services, and industry consolidation. Our future success is dependent upon our ability to continue to evolve and adapt to our rapidly changing environment. We must also continue to develop market-leading products and features that address the needs of our existing and new customers, and increase sales in the enterprise data center switching and campus workspace markets. We intend to continue investing in our research and development organization to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. Our research and development efforts are focused on new product development and maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. We engineer our products to be agnostic with respect to the underlying merchant silicon architecture. This enables us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies and to leverage the investments made by merchant silicon vendors to achieve cost-effective solutions. We work closely with third-party contract manufacturers to manufacture our products, and our contract manufacturers deliver our products to our third-party direct fulfillment facilities. We and our fulfillment partners then perform labeling, final configuration, quality assurance testing, and shipment to our customers. The global coronavirus pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted business, sales activities, supply chains, and workforce participation, including our own. We expect that the global health crisis caused by COVID-19 will continue to negatively impact business activity for the foreseeable future. We have taken numerous steps to address COVID-19, prioritizing the protection of our employees and limiting access to only those employees providing essential activities. We continue to work closely with our contract manufacturers and supply chain partners who have experienced delays in component sourcing, workforce disruptions, and governmental restrictions on the production and export of their products. We expect to continue to invest in working capital as supply availability improves in order to address the risk of future COVID-19 related supply chain disruptions. Our ability to execute our business strategies and initiatives in the expected time frame will depend on future developments related to the pandemic.