Our mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. We seek to empower people to cut through travel barriers, such as money, time, language, and overwhelming options, so they can use our services to easily and confidently go where they want to go, stay where they want to stay, dine where they want to dine, pay how they want to pay, and experience what they want to experience. We connect consumers wishing to make travel reservations with providers of travel services around the world through our online platforms. We are increasing the collaboration, cooperation, and interdependency among our brands in our efforts to provide consumers with the best and most comprehensive services. We also seek to maximize the benefits of our scale by sharing resources and technological innovations, co-developing new services, and coordinating activities in key markets among our brands. We are constantly innovating to grow our business by providing a best-in-class user experience with intuitive, easy-to-use online platforms to ensure that we are meeting the needs of online consumers while aiming to exceed their expectations. As part of these ongoing efforts, we have a long-term strategy to build a more integrated offering of multiple elements of travel, which we refer to as the "connected trip," and we expect these efforts to increase room night growth and revenue growth over time. We believe that adding these types of service offerings will benefit consumers and travel service providers, as well as our gross bookings, room night, and earnings growth rates. However, this results in additional expenses for personnel, payment processing, customer chargebacks, and other expenses related to these transactions. We compete globally with both online and traditional providers of travel and restaurant reservation and related services. The markets for the services we offer are intensely competitive, constantly evolving, and subject to rapid change, and current and new competitors can launch new services at relatively low cost. Our markets are also subject to rapidly changing conditions, including technological developments, consumer behavior changes, regulatory changes, and travel service provider consolidation. We have experienced a significant shift of both direct and indirect business to mobile platforms, and our advertising partners are also seeing a rapid shift of traffic to mobile platforms. The revenue earned on a mobile transaction may be less than a typical desktop transaction due to different consumer purchasing patterns. We have observed an increasingly higher share of our newly-booked room nights made on a mobile device throughout 2020, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2019. Our business is driven primarily by international results, which consist of the results of our brands in their entirety and the international businesses of our other brands. Our financial results are driven by certain operating metrics that encompass the booking and other business activity generated by our travel and travel-related services. We derive substantially all of our revenues from enabling consumers to make travel service reservations. Our financial results and prospects are almost entirely dependent on the sale of travel-related services. We have taken actions to improve our liquidity, including raising additional capital through the issuance of senior notes and convertible senior notes, reducing capital expenditures and operating expenses, and monitoring the financial health of our partners, suppliers, and other third-party relationships. We believe that our existing cash balances and liquid resources will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures, and other obligations through at least the next twelve months. However, if we are not successful in generating sufficient cash flow from operations or in raising additional capital when required, we may be required to reduce our planned capital expenditures and scale back the scope of our business plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, our ability to compete, or our future growth prospects.