Our technology infrastructure has proven to be robust and capable of supporting this model. We are leveraging technology to ensure our teams stay connected and productive, and that our culture remains strong even in these unusual circumstances. The global economy has, with certain setbacks, continued to reopen following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related shutdowns or limitations in the operations of certain non-essential businesses. Market rebounds across many asset classes have contributed to capital deployment, realization, and fundraising activity. Progress on COVID-19 vaccine production and distribution, together with continued support from previously implemented fiscal and monetary stimulus, have aided the continuing economic recovery and could potentially accelerate such recovery. The majority of our aggregate global real estate portfolio in BREP and core+ real estate businesses is in sectors that we believe are more resilient to the impact of COVID-19. Nevertheless, the recovery could remain uneven and characterized by meaningful dispersion across sectors and regions, particularly given uncertainty with respect to the distribution and acceptance of the vaccines. The resurgence in COVID-19 infection levels in certain geographies and a potential resulting market downturn may pose material risks. These risks potentially create additional pressure for certain of our portfolio companies' and investments' liquidity needs and their ability to meet financial obligations, including by adversely impacting operational performance. We have not experienced a period of significant dislocation since the first quarter of 2020, during which the liquidity of certain assets traded in the credit markets was limited. Nonetheless, another period of such dislocation would impact the value of certain assets held by our funds, such funds' ability to sell assets at attractive prices or in a timely manner in order to avoid losses and the likelihood of margin calls from credit providers. Our credit & insurance segment includes our insurer-focused platform, which focuses on providing full investment management services for insurers' general accounts, delivering customized and diversified portfolios that include allocations to Blackstone managed products and strategies across asset classes and Blackstone's private credit origination capabilities. The investment portfolios of the funds we manage predominantly consist of loans and securities of non-investment grade companies spread across the capital structure including senior debt, subordinated debt, preferred stock, and common equity. Our segment distributable earnings in our private equity segment in 2020 were higher compared to 2019, primarily driven by an increase in fee-related earnings from growth in fee-earning assets under management and an increase in net realizations due to higher realized performance revenue. The increase in management and advisory fees, net was primarily driven by an increase in base management fees. The increase was principally due to BREP IX, the majority of which was under a base management fee holiday in 2019, and BREP Europe VI, which commenced its investment period in the fourth quarter of 2019 and came out of its fee holiday in the first quarter of 2020. The increase in fee-related performance revenues was primarily due to crystallization events in BPP Europe, a BPP U.S. co-investment, and an increase in BREIT's net asset value. The global economy has, with certain setbacks, continued to reopen following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related shutdowns or limitations in the operations of certain non-essential businesses. The segment has also benefited from the recovery of liquidity in the market during the second half of 2020.