We are a global media and technology company with three primary businesses: Comcast Cable, NBCUniversal, and Sky. Our cable communications segment has shown strong performance despite the challenges posed by COVID-19, which has also impacted our NBCUniversal and Sky segments. The pandemic has highlighted the importance of our IT capabilities in maintaining customer connectivity as people worked and learned remotely from home. Our distribution network performed well under increased traffic and peak usage driven by video streaming, gaming, and videoconferencing. We incurred costs associated with compensating personnel affected by COVID-19, which included additional compensation for frontline personnel who worked to keep customers connected to our services. The economic conditions caused by the pandemic have resulted in reduced demand for certain residential and business services and reduced spending from advertisers, which has negatively impacted our revenue. We expect that our businesses will continue to generate significant cash flows from operating activities, which will be sufficient to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements. Our capital expenditures decreased primarily due to lower spending on customer premise equipment and support capital, partially offset by an increase in spending on scalable infrastructure. We expect our capital expenditures for 2021 to focus on continued investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity in our cable communications segment and the continued deployment of wireless gateways and cloud DVR technology. Our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven, and rapidly changing environments, competing with a growing number of companies providing a broad range of communications products and services. The competitive landscape has been further complicated by changes in consumer behavior driven by online video distribution platforms. Our strategic management practices emphasize the importance of leveraging IT capabilities to support business needs and enhance operational efficiency. We believe our X1 platform helps us compete more effectively against this competition. The ongoing transformation of our business processes and the integration of digital technologies are critical to maintaining our competitive advantage. The impacts of COVID-19 have accelerated the need for innovation partnerships and strategic resource allocation to adapt to evolving market dynamics. We have implemented cost savings initiatives across our businesses, which have impacted our results of operations, and we expect to continue to focus on growing our higher-margin businesses, including residential high-speed internet and business services. Our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations highlights the importance of IT governance and the mobilization of IT-based resources in combination with other capabilities to enhance organizational performance and achieve strategic goals. We will continue to evaluate the impacts of COVID-19 on our businesses, including the effects of overall economic conditions, which could result in the recognition of an impairment charge in the future.