We are a global leader in customer relationship management ("CRM") technology that brings companies and customers together. With our customer 360 platform, we deliver a single source of truth, connecting customer data across systems, apps, and devices to help companies sell, service, market, and conduct commerce, from anywhere. Since our founding in 1999, we have pioneered innovations in cloud, mobile, social, analytics, and artificial intelligence ("AI"), enabling companies of every size and industry to transform their businesses in the all-digital, work-from-anywhere era. We continue to evaluate our office space needs, and as a result, we recorded approximately $216 million of impairments to assets associated with real estate leases in select locations we have decided to exit. As part of our current strategic realignment, we have redirected and may in the future redirect some resources from areas that no longer align with our business priorities into key growth and strategic areas, as well as to increase investments in our go-to-market and product efforts. We continue to invest for future growth and are focused on several key growth levers, including driving multi-cloud adoption, increasing our penetration with enterprise and international customers, and our industry-specific reach with more vertical software solutions. These growth drivers often require a more sophisticated go-to-market approach and, as a result, we may incur additional costs upfront to obtain new customers and expand our relationships with existing customers. We regularly evaluate acquisitions and investment opportunities in complementary businesses, joint ventures, services, technologies, and intellectual property rights in an effort to expand our service offerings and to nurture the overall ecosystem for our offerings. We continue to evaluate investment opportunities and expect to continue to make investments and acquisitions in the future, such as our pending acquisition of Slack, which has an integrated value proposition across all of our service offerings. We drive innovation organically and, to a lesser extent, through acquisitions. Our growth in revenues is also impacted by attrition, which represents the reduction or loss of the annualized value of our contracts with customers. We expect that this investment in professional services facilitates the adoption of our service offerings. We have increased our headcount associated with our data centers, customer support, and professional services to meet the higher demand for services from our customers, and our recent acquisitions also contributed to this increase. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures. We also plan to add employees in our professional services group to facilitate the adoption of our services. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based expenses and allocated overhead. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of revenues in future periods as we continue to invest in additional employees and technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies and the integration of acquired technologies. We have made and expect to continue to make additional investments in our infrastructure to scale our operations, increase productivity, and enhance our security measures. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth.