Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. As we offer more online services, the ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We face risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. We continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud. The increase in operating expenses was primarily driven by higher staffing expenses due to higher headcount, outside services, corporate related expenses, and a one-time restructuring charge for severance expenses. Our online ecosystem includes revenue from QuickBooks Online, QuickBooks Live, QuickBooks Online Advanced, and QuickBooks Self-Employed financial and business management offerings; small business payroll services; merchant payment processing services for small businesses; and financing for small businesses. Our desktop ecosystem includes revenue from our QuickBooks desktop packaged software products and QuickBooks desktop software subscriptions. We believe that an understanding of these trends is important in order to understand our financial results for fiscal 2020 as well as our future prospects. Disruptive start-ups, emerging ecosystems, and mega-platforms are harnessing new technology to create personalized experiences, deliver data-driven insights, and increase speed of service. These shifts are creating a more dynamic and highly competitive environment where customer expectations are shifting around the world as more services become digitized and the array of choices continues to increase. Our total service and other revenue was $6.0 billion or 79% of our total revenue in fiscal 2020 and we expect our total service and other revenue to continue to grow in the future. The most important financial indicators that we use to assess our business are revenue growth for the company as a whole and for each reportable segment; operating income growth for the company as a whole; earnings per share; and cash flow from operations. We also track certain non-financial drivers of revenue growth and, when material, identify them in the applicable discussions of segment results. Our business is subject to significant seasonality. We believe the seasonality of our business is likely to continue in the future. We evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. Our strong liquidity profile enables us to quickly respond to these kinds of opportunities. We have recorded income tax expense for Canada and India withholding taxes on earnings that are not permanently reinvested. In the event that funds from foreign operations are repatriated to the United States, we would pay withholding taxes at that time. We monitor counterparty risk associated with the institutional lenders that are providing the credit facility. We have historically generated significant cash from operations and we expect to continue to do so during fiscal 2021. Our cash, cash equivalents, and investments totaled $7.1 billion at July 31, 2020.