Mastercard is a technology company in the global payments industry that connects consumers, financial institutions, merchants, governments, digital partners, businesses, and other organizations worldwide, enabling them to use electronic forms of payment instead of cash and checks. We make payments easier and more efficient by providing a wide range of payment solutions and services using our family of well-known brands. We operate a multi-rail network that offers customers one partner to turn to for their domestic and cross-border payment needs. Through our unique and proprietary global payments network, we switch payment transactions and deliver related products and services. We also provide integrated value-added offerings such as cyber and intelligence products, information and analytics services, consulting, loyalty and reward programs, processing, and open banking. Our payment solutions offer customers choice and flexibility and are designed to ensure safety and security for the global payments system. The coronavirus pandemic has significantly impacted business activity, adversely affecting consumers, our customers, suppliers, and business partners. We continue to monitor the effects of the pandemic and actions taken by governments as they relate to travel restrictions and social distancing measures. The pandemic affected our performance, with declines in key metrics primarily due to travel restrictions and stay-at-home orders. Our financial results overview indicates that net revenue decreased on a currency-neutral basis due to COVID-19 impacts, with operational expenses adjusted for acquisitions. We have continued investment in our strategic initiatives, which include higher personnel and data processing costs. Our liquidity and access to capital could be negatively impacted by global credit market conditions and the outcome of legal or regulatory proceedings. We rely on existing liquidity, cash generated from operations, and access to capital to fund our global operations, credit and settlement exposure, capital expenditures, and investments in our business. Our technology capabilities are essential in transforming our firm into a competitive force, as they represent the application of IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities balances, along with our cash flow-generating capabilities, are sufficient to satisfy our future operating cash needs and other liquidity requirements. The impact of currency translation and transactional currency directly affects our operating results, including gross dollar volume and transaction processing revenue. Our strategic decisions are informed by key metrics that facilitate an understanding of our operating and financial performance and provide a meaningful comparison of our results between periods. We account for our business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires management's judgment in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Our estimates are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable but are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. The management's discussion highlights the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities, emphasizing the need for operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation to enhance business value and performance outcomes.