Microsoft is a technology company whose mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our platforms and tools help drive small business productivity, large business competitiveness, and public-sector efficiency. The markets for software, devices, and cloud-based services are dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. We push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers and users, industry trends, and competitive forces. The investments we are making in infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. Aggregate demand for our software, services, and devices is correlated to global macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, which remain dynamic. In the productivity and business processes and intelligent cloud segments, cloud usage and demand increased as customers shifted to work and learn from home. We also experienced a slowdown in transactional licensing, particularly in small and medium businesses. The COVID-19 pandemic may continue to impact our business operations and financial operating results, and there is substantial uncertainty in the nature and degree of its continued effects over time. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business going forward will depend on numerous evolving factors we cannot reliably predict, including the duration and scope of the pandemic; governmental, business, and individuals' actions in response to the pandemic; and the impact on economic activity including the possibility of recession or financial market instability. These factors may adversely impact consumer, business, and government spending on technology as well as customers' ability to pay for our products and services on an ongoing basis. We will continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology, as well as continue making acquisitions that align with our business strategy. Additions to property and equipment will continue, including new facilities, datacenters, and computer systems for research and development, sales and marketing, support, and administrative staff. We expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years to support growth in our cloud offerings. Our commercial business primarily consists of server products and cloud services, office commercial, windows commercial, the commercial portion of LinkedIn, enterprise services, and dynamics. Our commercial metrics allow management and investors to assess the overall health of our commercial business and include leading indicators of future performance. We must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. The devices and form factors customers prefer evolve rapidly and influence how users access services in the cloud, and in some cases, the user's choice of which suite of cloud-based services to use. Our research and development expenses increased, driven by investments in cloud engineering, LinkedIn, devices, and gaming. The COVID-19 pandemic impacted our business operations, including our employees, customers, partners, and communities, and we saw trends in our financial operating results. The metrics reflect our cloud and on-premises product strategies and trends. Our success in transforming a firm into a competitive force is highly dependent on our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities.