We empower enterprises, service providers, and government entities to secure all users, applications, data, networks, and devices with comprehensive visibility and context continuously across all locations. We deliver cybersecurity products covering a broad range of use cases, enabling our end-customers to secure their networks, remote workforce, access to the service edge, branch locations, public and private clouds, and to advance their security operations centers. We believe our portfolio offers advanced prevention and security, while reducing the total cost of ownership for organizations by improving operational efficiency and eliminating the need for siloed point products. We do this with solutions focused on delivering value in three fundamental areas: secure the enterprise, secure the cloud, and secure the future of security operations. Our growth reflects the increased adoption of our portfolio, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support. We believe our portfolio will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. We continue to invest in innovation and acquire businesses as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our portfolio, as we believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products is essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. While these areas present significant opportunities for us, they also pose challenges and risks that we must successfully address in order to sustain the growth of our business and improve our operating results. We expect our cost of subscription and support revenue to increase as our installed end-customer base grows and adoption of our cloud-based subscription offerings increases. Our research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs, and we expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our future products and services. We expect sales and marketing expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we increase the size of our sales and marketing organizations to increase touch points with end-customers and to expand our international presence. Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expense. We expect operating expenses generally to increase in absolute dollars and decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. We maintain a field sales force that works closely with our channel partners in developing sales opportunities. Our product revenue is generated from sales of our appliances, primarily our machine learning-powered next-generation firewall, which is available in a number of form factors. Our subscription and support revenue is derived primarily from sales of our subscription and support offerings. We recognize revenue from subscriptions and support over time as the services are performed. Our contractual subscription and support contracts are typically one to five years. We recognize revenue from subscriptions and support over time as the services are performed. Our appliances and software licenses include a broad set of built-in networking and security features and functionalities. We expect our revenue to vary from quarter to quarter based on seasonal and cyclical factors. Our growth reflects the increased adoption of our portfolio, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support, and we believe our portfolio will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base.