Our business continuity, communication plans and technology are allowing all functions of our business to work smoothly during this time. We have not had any lay-offs and we have extended financial assistance to employees in need. Our local property and leasing teams have continued to maintain our properties and work with our customers to help them navigate the new environment while following established measures to help keep them and our customers safe. We expect the volume of our capital deployment and disposition activities to accelerate in 2021. The average number of days from lease proposal to commencement decreased since 2019 as some customers have increased the pace of activity. We evaluate our business operations based on the net operating income (NOI) of our two operating segments: real estate operations and strategic capital. NOI by segment is a non-GAAP performance measure that is calculated using revenues and expenses directly from our financial statements. We consider NOI by segment to be an appropriate supplemental measure of our performance because it helps management and investors understand our operating results. Our strategic capital segment includes revenues from asset and property management, other fees for services performed and promote revenue earned from the unconsolidated entities. The increase in the U.S. is primarily due to the IPT transaction. We also generate operating cash through our strategic capital segment by providing asset and property management and other services to our unconsolidated co-investment ventures. Our capital expenditures have increased due to our larger portfolio as a result of acquisition activity discussed above. We manage our business and review our operating fundamentals on an owned and managed (O&M) basis, which includes properties wholly owned by us or owned by one of our co-investment ventures. We believe reviewing the fundamentals this way allows management to understand the entire impact to the financial statements, as it will affect both the real estate operations and strategic capital segments, as well as the net earnings we recognize from our unconsolidated co-investment ventures based on our ownership. Our O&M operating portfolio does not include our development portfolio, value-added properties, non-industrial properties or properties we do not have the intent to hold long-term that are classified as either held for sale or within other real estate investments. We also evaluate the performance of the operating properties we own and manage using a "same store" analysis because the population of properties in this analysis is consistent from period to period, which allows us and investors to analyze our ongoing business operations. We define our same store population for the three months ended December 31, 2020, as the properties in our O&M operating portfolio, including the property NOI for both consolidated properties and properties owned by the unconsolidated co-investment ventures at January 1, 2019, and owned throughout the same three-month period in both 2019 and 2020. We expect our development activities to accelerate in 2021. Our ability to generate cash from operating activities, distributions from our co-investment ventures, contributions and dispositions of properties and available financing sources is considered adequate to meet our anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend and distribution requirements. We expect to fund our cash needs principally from various sources, including fees earned for services performed on behalf of co-investment ventures, distributions received from co-investment ventures, proceeds from disposition of properties, and borrowing capacity under our current credit facility arrangements. We recognize the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities.