We are leading a transformation in the tobacco industry to create a smoke-free future and ultimately replace cigarettes with smoke-free products to the benefit of adults who would otherwise continue to smoke, society, the company and its shareholders. Through multidisciplinary capabilities in product development, state-of-the-art facilities and scientific substantiation, we aim to ensure that our smoke-free products meet adult consumer preferences and rigorous regulatory requirements. Our smoke-free product portfolio includes heat-not-burn and nicotine-containing vapor products. Our marketing, administration and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products, and costs incurred to develop new products. The most significant components of our marketing, administration and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates and the mix of products we sell. Mix can also refer to the proportion of shipment volume in more profitable markets versus shipment volume in less profitable markets. Our cost of sales consists principally of: tobacco leaf, non-tobacco raw materials, labor and manufacturing costs; shipping and handling costs; and the cost of devices produced by third-party electronics manufacturing service providers. Estimated costs associated with device warranty programs are generally provided for in cost of sales in the period the related revenues are recognized. We manage our business in six operating segments, which includes our international duty-free business and transactions under license with Altria Group, Inc. for the distribution of our platform 1 product in the United States. Our cigarettes are sold in more than 175 markets, and in many of these markets they hold the number one or number two market share position. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. We are engaged in the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products, which present, are likely to present, or have the potential to present less risk of harm to smokers who switch to these products versus continuing smoking. Our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. Our principal wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries currently are not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions that are otherwise compliant with law. The changes in our reported diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2020, from the comparable 2019 amounts, were impacted by various factors including asset impairment and exit costs, tax items, and fair value adjustments for equity security investments. The change in our net revenues from the comparable 2019 amount was driven by unfavorable volume/mix, primarily due to lower cigarette volume, partially offset by higher heated tobacco unit volume. The unfavorable impact of $253 million was mainly resulting from the deconsolidation of our Canadian subsidiary, Rothman, Benson & Hedges, Inc., effective March 22, 2019, and lower fees for certain distribution rights billed to customers in certain markets.