The rapid, global spread of covid-19 has negatively impacted consumer demand for certain devices that incorporate our products and intellectual property, which negatively impacted our business and results of operations in fiscal 2020. QCT results in fiscal 2020 benefited from an increase in demand for 5G and IoT products, partially offset by the negative impact of covid-19. We believe that 5G will drive growth and transformation in emerging device categories and industries that will create new business models and new services, resulting from the expanding adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones by industry segments or applications beyond mobile, such as automotive and IoT. We expect our research and development costs will increase in the near-term primarily due to increased investment towards advancements in 5G and application processor technologies and certain other long-term initiatives. We expect continued intense competition, particularly in China, as our competitors expand their product offerings and/or reduce the prices of their products as part of a strategy to attract new and/or retain existing customers. Our business and operating segments develop and commercialize foundational technologies and products used in mobile devices and other wireless products. We derive revenues principally from sales of integrated circuit products and licensing our intellectual property, including patents and other rights. We have entered into new long-term, worldwide patent license agreements with key licensees, effective as of April 1, 2020. Our QTL results in fiscal 2020 reflected the adoption of new revenue recognition guidance that requires us to estimate and recognize QTL royalties in the period in which the associated sales occur, resulting in an acceleration of royalty revenues by one quarter. The increase in estimated sales of 3G/4G/5G-based multimode products is primarily due to new license agreements with Apple and Huawei signed in April 2019 and July 2020, respectively, partially offset by the negative impact of covid-19 on demand for licensees' products that incorporate our intellectual property. We expect the pandemic will continue to have a negative impact on QTL and QCT revenues in the near term based on a reduction in consumer demand for smartphones and other products. We have not experienced, and we currently do not anticipate a material adverse impact on our ability, or our suppliers' ability, to manufacture and test our products or on our ability to provide our products to our customers. We are organized on the basis of products and services and have three reportable segments. Our QCT accounts receivable increased by 53% in fiscal 2020 from $908 million to $1.39 billion, primarily driven by an increase in revenues. We expect to continue making strategic investments and acquisitions, the amounts of which could vary significantly, to open new opportunities for our technologies, obtain development resources, grow our patent portfolio or pursue new businesses. The increase in impairment losses in fiscal 2020 was due in part to the impact covid-19 had on certain of our investees. Our business and operating segments are impacted by seasonal trends related to product launch timing for sales made to Apple under our multi-year chipset supply agreement. The degree to which the covid-19 pandemic impacts our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless value chain and governments as to the benefits of our licensing program and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry.