Throughout the second half of fiscal 2020, we experienced initial business recovery as our stores gradually reopened under modified operations to meet public health guidelines and evolving customer behaviors and expectations. We continue to invest in technologies and innovations to elevate the customer and partner experience and to drive long-term growth. By reimagining our store formats, we are moving swiftly to adapt to new customer behaviors. Absent significant COVID-19 relapses or global economic disruptions, and based on the current trend of our retail business recovery and our focused efforts to expand contactless customer experiences, digital capabilities, and beverage innovation, we believe we are well positioned to regain the positive business momentum we had demonstrated prior to the pandemic. We continue to invest in technologies and innovations to elevate the customer and partner experience and to drive long-term growth. Our investment portfolio primarily includes highly liquid available-for-sale securities, including corporate debt securities, government treasury securities (domestic and foreign), and commercial paper. We actively manage our cash and investments in order to internally fund operating needs, make scheduled interest and principal payments on our borrowings, make acquisitions, and return cash to shareholders through common stock cash dividend payments and share repurchases. We believe that net future cash flows generated from operations and existing cash and investments both domestically and internationally combined with our ability to leverage our balance sheet through the issuance of debt will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses as well as shareholder distributions for the foreseeable future. We expect total future restructuring costs, which are attributable to our Americas segment, to range from approximately $260 million to $400 million. These restructuring costs include accelerated amortization or impairments of right-of-use assets due to planned store closures prior to the end of contractual lease terms, store asset impairment and disposal costs not previously recorded as part of our ongoing store impairment process, and the remaining amount relates to employee termination costs. Our estimates of future restructuring costs are based on actual costs incurred for recently closed stores of similar profile under the restructuring plans. We have borrowed funds and continue to believe we have the ability to do so at reasonable interest rates; however, additional borrowings would result in increased interest expense in the future. We may also seek strategic acquisitions to leverage existing capabilities and further build our business in support of our "growth at scale" agenda. Our ability to incur new liens and conduct sale and leaseback transactions on certain material properties is subject to compliance with terms of the indentures under which the senior notes were issued. We expect to use our available cash and investments, including, but not limited to, additional potential future borrowings under the credit facilities, commercial paper program, and the issuance of debt to support and invest in our core businesses, including investing in new ways to serve our customers and supporting our store partners, repaying maturing debts, as well as returning cash to shareholders through common stock cash dividend payments and discretionary share repurchases. We may pursue additional sources of financing, including both short-term and long-term borrowings and debt issuances.