The company mobilized in early 2020 to support the covid-19 pandemic response with products and services that help analyze, diagnose and protect from the virus. The company's strategy is to augment internal growth at existing businesses with complementary acquisitions. The company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, focused research and development projects and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience. The increase in operating income was primarily due to profit on higher sales and, to a lesser extent, sales mix, offset in part by strategic growth investments. The company uses its non-u.s. cash for needs outside of the u.s. including acquisitions and repayment of acquisition-related intercompany debt to the u.s. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future. The increase in revenues at existing businesses was primarily driven by demand for testing to diagnose covid-19 with higher sales of genetic sciences products and, to a lesser extent, bioscience products. The increase in revenues was primarily due to increased demand for products sold through its research and safety market channel business and, to a lesser extent, service offerings of the segment's pharma services business. The favorable effects of currency translation resulted in an increase in revenues. The company recorded a provision for income taxes, including benefits from foreign tax credit planning, which resulted in foreign tax credits with no related incremental u.s. income tax expense. The company expects its effective tax rate in 2021 will be based on currently forecasted rates of profitability in the countries in which it conducts business and expected generation of foreign tax credits. The company's management evaluates segment operating performance using operating income before certain charges/credits to cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses. The company uses this measure because it helps management understand and evaluate the segments' core operating results and facilitate comparison of performance for determining compensation. The company recorded restructuring and other costs, net, and expects these restructuring projects to result in annual cost savings beginning in part in 2020 and to a greater extent in 2021. The company believes the impacted businesses' long-term prospects remain excellent given the company's attractive markets served, its industry-leading position and proven growth strategy. The company recorded a significant increase in revenues due to sales of products and services addressing diagnosis and treatment of covid-19. The company's references throughout this discussion to productivity improvements generally refer to improved cost efficiencies from its practical process improvement business system, reduced costs resulting from global sourcing initiatives, and a lower cost structure following restructuring actions. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 24 months.