The merger has altered the size and scope of our operations, impacting our assets, liabilities, obligations, capital requirements, and performance measures. We expect to enhance the breadth and depth of our nationwide 5G network, accelerate innovation, increase competition in the U.S. wireless, video, and broadband industries, and achieve significant synergies and cost reductions by eliminating redundancies within the combined network as well as other business processes and operations. Integration costs to achieve efficiencies in network, retail, information technology, and back office operations are included in merger-related costs. We expect our restructuring activities to result in a reduction of expenses within cost of services and selling, general and administrative in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected businesses, economies, and financial markets worldwide, impacting our business, including the demand for our products and services and the ways in which our customers purchase and use them. As a critical communications infrastructure provider, our focus has been on providing crucial connectivity to our customers and impacted communities while ensuring the safety and well-being of our employees. We implemented remote working arrangements for many employees, transitioning a significant portion of our internal and global care employees to a work-from-home environment. We are working to keep our network fully operational as an essential service to first responders, 911 communications, and our customers and continue to expand our 5G network. Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses, the construction, expansion, and upgrading of our network infrastructure, and the integration of the networks, spectrum, technology, personnel, customer base, and business practices of T-Mobile and Sprint. We expect the majority of our remaining capital expenditures related to these efforts to occur in 2021 and 2022. We have incurred, and will incur, substantial expenses as a result of completing the transactions, compliance with government commitments, and restructuring expenses in connection with integrating and coordinating T-Mobile's and Sprint's businesses, operations, policies, and procedures. The impacts of certain adjustments to our customer base, including the removal of certain prepaid customers associated with products now offered and distributed by a current MVNO partner, have been considered in our operational strategies. We believe that these measures facilitate comparisons with other companies in the wireless industry on key operating and financial measures. We have also entered into uncommitted financing lease facilities with certain partners that provide us with the ability to enter into financing leases for network equipment and services. Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations, proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt and common stock, financing leases, and the sale of certain receivables. We regularly review and update our projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, the competitive landscape, and other factors. The valuation approaches utilized to estimate fair value for the purposes of impairment tests of goodwill and spectrum licenses require the use of assumptions and estimates, which involve a degree of uncertainty. The merger has provided opportunities for synergies in our operations, enhancing our IT capabilities to better support business needs and improve organizational effectiveness.