Our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. We design, develop, manufacture, lease and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, solar energy generation systems and energy storage products. We also offer maintenance, installation, operation, financial and other services related to our products. We are currently focused on increasing vehicle production and capacity, developing and ramping our battery cell technology, increasing the affordability of our vehicles, expanding our global infrastructure and introducing our next vehicles. We continue to ramp production, build new manufacturing capacity and expand our operations to enable increased deliveries and deployments of our products and further revenue growth. We continue to focus on operational efficiencies, while we have seen an acceleration of non-cash stock-based compensation expense due to a rapid increase in our market capitalization and updates to our business outlook. Our cash flows from operating activities during 2020 was $5.94 billion, compared to $2.41 billion during 2019, and capital expenditures amounted to $3.16 billion during 2020, compared to $1.33 billion during 2019. We are simultaneously ramping new products, constructing or ramping manufacturing facilities on three continents and piloting the development and manufacture of new battery cell technologies, and the pace of our capital spend may vary depending on overall priority among projects, the pace at which we meet milestones, production adjustments to and among our various products, increased capital efficiencies and the addition of new projects. We remain committed to increasing our retrofit solar energy business by offering a low-cost and simplified online ordering experience. In addition, we are working to improve our installation capabilities for solar roof by on-boarding and training a large number of installers and reducing the installation time dramatically. Our capital expenditures are typically difficult to project beyond the short term given the number and breadth of our core projects at any given time, and uncertainties in future global market conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic currently makes projections more challenging. We expect that the cash we generate from our core operations will generally be sufficient to cover our future capital expenditures and to pay down our near-term debt obligations, although we may choose to seek alternative financing sources. We continually evaluate our capital expenditure needs and may decide it is best to raise additional capital to fund the rapid growth of our business. We expect to begin accepting bitcoin as a form of payment for our products in the near future, subject to applicable laws and initially on a limited basis. Our sources of cash are predominantly from our deliveries of vehicles, sales and installations of our energy storage products and solar energy systems, proceeds from debt facilities, proceeds from financing funds and proceeds from equity offerings. We must meet ambitious technological targets with our plans for battery cells as well as for iterative manufacturing and design improvements for our vehicles with each new factory. As we expand, we will have to continue to increase and staff our delivery, servicing and charging infrastructure, maintain our vehicle reliability and optimize our supercharger locations to ensure cost-effectiveness and customer satisfaction. We cannot predict the duration or direction of current global trends from the pandemic, the sustained impact of which is largely unknown, is rapidly evolving and has varied across geographic regions. Ultimately, we continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions to remain flexible and to optimize and evolve our business as appropriate, and we will have to accurately project demand and infrastructure requirements globally and deploy our production, workforce and other resources accordingly.