Technology is the foundation of our company, and we believe that our business model with the combined effect of our four competitive advantages sets us apart from our peers. We will invest to strengthen our competitive advantages, be disciplined in capital allocation, and stay diligent in our pursuit of efficiencies. Our strategic focus is on analog and embedded processing products sold into six end markets, which we believe represent the best growth opportunities. Investing in capabilities has given us flexibility, such as the ability to build products across multiple manufacturing sites. We have long had a business continuity plan in place for unforeseeable situations, like we have seen with COVID-19. Additionally, we continue to monitor and assess the situation and address implications to our business, supply chain, and customer demand. Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes, and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. We make our investments with an eye towards long-term strengthening and leveraging of these advantages, which underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations, reflecting the quality of our product portfolio, as well as the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy. We believe that free cash flow and the associated ratios provide insight into our liquidity, our cash-generating capability, and the amount of cash potentially available to return to shareholders, as well as insight into our financial performance. Our results of operations provide details of our financial results for 2020 and 2019 and year-to-year comparisons, which are influenced by changes in customer demand, evidenced by fluctuations in shipment volumes. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our strategic emphasis on designing and selling products into the industrial and automotive markets represents our commitment to leveraging technology capabilities to enhance our market positioning. We believe that our investments in technology infrastructure and operational efficiency are key to supporting our business strategy and enhancing our competitive advantage. The impact of the coronavirus pandemic has highlighted the need for agility in our operations and the importance of maintaining robust IT capabilities to respond to market dynamics. Our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical to our operational effectiveness and aligns with our overarching business goals.