The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve and the ultimate impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows remains uncertain. Specific trends and uncertainties related to our two business platforms are as follows: the temporary deferral of care impacted the optum businesses for the year ended December 31, 2020. Our OptumInsight and OptumRx volume-based businesses were negatively impacted by the lower level of care encounters which took place, as well as by broader economic factors, contributing to lower managed services and prescription volume. We work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients. We are increasingly rewarding care providers for delivering improvements in quality and cost-efficiency. This trend is creating needs for health management services which can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our Optum business platform. The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying performance-based care provider payment models rewarding high-quality, affordable care and fostering collaboration. The uncertain impact of COVID-19 may impact our ability to estimate medical costs payable, which could result in increased variability to medical cost reserve development in future periods. We continue seeking to balance growth and profitability across all of these dimensions. The ongoing Medicare Advantage funding pressure places continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future, due to inflation, medical technology, and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population, and national interest in health and well-being. The rate of market growth may be affected by a variety of factors, including macro-economic conditions, such as the economic impact of COVID-19, and regulatory changes, which could impact our results of operations, including our continued efforts to control health care costs. We utilize various metrics to evaluate and manage our reportable segments, including individuals served by UnitedHealthcare by major market segment and funding arrangement, people served by OptumHealth, and adjusted scripts for OptumRx. These metrics are the main drivers of revenue, earnings, and cash flows at each business. Our regulated subsidiaries generate significant cash flows from operations and are subject to, among other things, minimal levels of statutory capital, as defined by their respective jurisdiction, and restrictions on the timing and amount of dividends paid to their parent companies. We believe our capital resources are sufficient to meet future, short-term and long-term, liquidity needs. We expect the cash required to meet our long-term obligations to be primarily generated through future cash flows from operations. Our long-term cash requirements under our various contractual obligations and commitments include debt obligations, operating leases, purchase and other obligations, and other liabilities.