During 2020, we began implementing our customer first, people led, innovation driven strategy, as we seek to transform nearly every aspect of our business, improve our financial performance, provide the best customer experience and benefit our shareowners. We focused on enhancing the capabilities that we believe our customers value the most; speed and ease of access to our services. We completed enhancements to our U.S. ground network to improve time-in-transit and continued to deploy our digital access program into e-commerce platforms. We believe that the market shift towards e-commerce will persist, with a continuing high level of residential deliveries that may continue to increase demand, but also drive higher operating costs. The pandemic resulted in a reduction in global air cargo capacity, causing market rates in the industry to increase and we experienced increased demand for our services. We expect this divestiture to result in an improvement to our operating margin and return on invested capital. We believe that we are well positioned for long-term growth, however, we cannot reasonably estimate the duration or severity of the COVID-19 pandemic or the timing and extent of the anticipated economic recovery, and the resulting impacts on our business results or liquidity. The increase in residential delivery volume drove increases in headcount, delivery stops per day, average daily miles driven, and average daily union labor hours, all of which increased expense and compressed operating margins. Operating expenses increased as a result of the investments we made to improve our ground network. We also experienced growth in demand for our healthcare logistics and distribution solutions, partly driven by the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. We believe that these adjusted financial measures provide additional meaningful information to assist users of our financial statements in understanding our financial results and cash flows and assessing our ongoing performance. We believe these adjusted financial measures are important indicators of our recurring results of operations because they exclude items that may not be indicative of, or are unrelated to, our underlying operations, and may provide a useful baseline for analyzing trends in our underlying businesses. The increase in overall size of the workforce and acceleration of certain previously-issued incentive compensation awards resulted in additional expense. We incurred higher third-party transportation costs driven by increased SurePost volume and utilization of outside carriers as part of our improvements to time-in-transit within our U.S. ground network. The overall increase in expense was driven by several factors, including employee compensation and benefit costs, which increased largely due to residential volume growth that negatively impacted our delivery density. We also incurred lower fuel costs for the year, driven by lower prices for jet fuel, diesel, and gasoline that were partially offset by increased usage as a result of volume growth and higher average daily miles driven. We recognized pre-tax mark-to-market losses related to the remeasurement of our pension and postretirement defined benefit plans' assets and liabilities. We refined the bond matching approach used to determine the discount rate for our U.S. pension and postretirement plans by implementing advances in technology and modeling techniques. We believe that funds from operations and borrowing programs will provide adequate sources of liquidity and capital resources to meet our expected long-term needs for the operation of our business, including anticipated capital expenditures, transformation strategy costs, and pension contributions for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that the divestiture of UPS Freight will be completed in the second quarter of 2021, and we intend to use the proceeds from this divestiture to repay outstanding debt.