Visa is a global payments technology company that enables innovative, secure, and reliable electronic payments across more than 200 countries and territories. We facilitate digital payments across a global network of consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners, and government entities through innovative technologies. Our advanced transaction processing network, Visanet, enables authorization, clearing, and settlement of payment transactions and allows us to provide our financial institution and merchant clients a wide range of products, platforms, and value-added services. We continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our business and have taken measures to modify our business practices and reduce operating expenses, including scaling back hiring plans and restricting travel. Our total operating expenses for fiscal 2020 were $7.8 billion on a GAAP basis, driven by our overall cost reduction strategy, offset by higher personnel and depreciation and amortization from our ongoing investments in support of our strategy for future growth. We expect to continue investing in technology assets and payments system infrastructure to support our digital solutions and core business initiatives. Our capital expenditures decreased slightly during fiscal 2020, but we anticipate ongoing investments in technology to enhance our operational efficiency and support business innovation. The acquisition of Plaid Inc. for $5.3 billion is part of our strategy to leverage technology capabilities and enhance our service offerings. Our investment choices reflect our commitment to resource allocation that supports our long-term growth and competitive advantage in the payments industry. We recognize that our IT capabilities are essential in transforming Visa into a competitive force, as they encompass the coordination of our assets and internal processes, as well as our interfirm transactions and relationships. We have established policies and control procedures to ensure that our IT resources are effectively mobilized and deployed in alignment with our organizational goals. Our focus on information management capability underscores our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, tailored in response to changing business needs and directions. The ongoing evolution of our IT capabilities is critical for maintaining market responsiveness and enhancing our overall firm performance. We will continue to assess our liquidity position and potential sources of supplemental liquidity in view of our operating performance, current economic and capital market conditions, and other relevant circumstances. Our treasury policies provide management with the guidelines and authority to manage liquidity risk in a manner consistent with our corporate objectives, ensuring timely completion of payments settlement activities and making planned capital investments in our business. The integration of technology into our business processes is vital for sustaining our competitive positioning and achieving performance excellence in a rapidly changing market environment.