The covid-19 pandemic has resulted in government authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, and shutdowns. These measures have adversely impacted and are expected to further adversely impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers, and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. We have significant operations worldwide, including in the United States, the Philippines, Ireland, Singapore, Malaysia, China, and India, and each of these countries has been affected by the pandemic and taken measures to try to contain it, resulting in disruptions at some of our manufacturing operations and facilities. The spread of covid-19 has caused us to modify our business practices, including restricting employee travel, modifying employee work locations, and canceling physical participation in meetings, events, and conferences. We cannot provide assurance that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by covid-19, and our ability to perform critical functions could be harmed. The degree to which the pandemic impacts our business, financial condition, and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain. The announcement and pendency of the merger could cause disruptions in our business, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. Specifically, uncertainty regarding the completion of the merger may cause our and maxim's customers, suppliers, distributors, vendors, strategic partners, or others that deal with us or maxim to delay or defer entering into contracts with us or maxim, make other decisions concerning us or maxim, or seek to change or cancel existing business relationships with us or maxim, which could negatively affect our respective businesses. The merger agreement restricts us and our subsidiaries from taking specified actions during the pendency of the merger without maxim's consent, which may prevent us from pursuing attractive business opportunities or strategic transactions that may arise prior to the completion of the merger. The pandemic has significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty and has caused an economic slowdown that is likely to continue and result in a global recession. Financial difficulties experienced by our customers could result in nonpayment or payment delays for previously purchased products, thereby increasing our credit risk exposure. We are exposed to business, economic, political, legal, regulatory, and other risks through our significant worldwide operations, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The semiconductor market has historically been cyclical and subject to significant economic upturns and downturns. Our business and certain of the end markets we serve are also subject to rapid technological changes and material fluctuations in demand based on end-user preferences. We may not be able to expand our workforce and operations in a sufficiently timely manner, procure adequate resources and raw materials, locate suitable third-party suppliers, or respond effectively to changes in demand for our existing products or to demand for new products requested by our customers, and our current or future business could be materially and adversely affected. A prolonged disruption of our internal manufacturing operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The success of the merger will depend on, among other things, the ability of the two companies to combine their businesses in a manner that facilitates growth opportunities and realizes expected cost savings. The combined company may encounter difficulties in integrating our and maxim's businesses and realizing the anticipated benefits of the merger.