The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, reputation, prospects, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, liquidity, and stock price. Our international operations expose us to a number of risks, including local economic and political conditions, government regulation, and geopolitical events, which may limit our international growth. The variability in our retail business places increased strain on our operations, as demand for our products and services can fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including as a result of seasonality, promotions, product launches, or unforeseeable events. Our failure to stock or restock popular products in sufficient amounts could significantly affect our revenue and future growth. We experience significant fluctuations in our operating results and growth rate, and our revenue growth may not be sustainable. Our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy customer demands is critical to our performance under pressure. The complexity of the current scale of our business can place significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions. We are continuing to rapidly and significantly expand our global operations, including increasing our product and service offerings and scaling our infrastructure to support our retail and services businesses. Our expansion places a significant strain on our management, operational, financial, and other resources. We seek to reduce our variable costs per unit and work to leverage our fixed costs, while also investing in technology and content to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. The covid-19 pandemic has affected our businesses, as well as those of our customers, suppliers, and third-party sellers. To serve our customers while also providing for the safety of our employees, we have modified numerous aspects of our logistics, transportation, supply chain, purchasing, and third-party seller processes. We incurred significant costs related to the pandemic, which may continue to impact our operating results. Our ability to manage growth effectively is essential to maintaining our operational continuity and organizational health. We face risks related to successfully optimizing and operating our fulfillment network and data centers, as failures to adequately predict customer demand or otherwise optimize our fulfillment network can result in excess or insufficient fulfillment capacity. Our reliance on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory and completed orders to our customers exposes us to additional risks. The loss of key senior management personnel or the failure to hire and retain highly skilled personnel could negatively affect our business. We are subject to various procurement regulations and requirements relating to our contracts with government entities, and any violations could result in civil and criminal penalties. Our business suffers when we are unsuccessful in making, integrating, and maintaining acquisitions and investments, which can disrupt our ongoing business and limit our growth. Our financial focus is on long-term, sustainable growth in free cash flows, driven primarily by increasing operating income and efficiently managing accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable, and cash capital expenditures. The covid-19 pandemic and resulting global disruptions have caused significant market volatility, contributing to defaults in our accounts receivable and affecting asset valuations. We continually evaluate opportunities to sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain credit facilities, and consider acquisitions or investments that might affect our liquidity requirements.