We face significant risks related to the spread of the COVID-19 virus and developments surrounding the global pandemic, which have had, and will continue to have, significant effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The COVID-19 pandemic has subjected our business, operations, financial performance, cash flows, and financial condition to a number of risks, including increased operational challenges from the need to protect employee health and safety. We continue to monitor federal, state, and municipal health authorities for new or modified guidance and requirements concerning the COVID-19 pandemic, and we may be required to impose additional operational restrictions and/or suspend operations at key production sites based on these requirements. The pandemic has also had a significant impact on our liquidity and overall debt levels, leading to negative operating cash flows. We expect negative operating cash flows in future quarters until deliveries begin to return to historical levels, and if the pace and scope of the recovery are worse than we currently contemplate, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to fund our operations and obligations. The magnitude and duration of the global COVID-19 pandemic is uncertain and continues to adversely affect our business and operating and financial results. We are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties related to the 737 MAX, including uncertainties regarding the timing and conditions of regulatory approvals, lower than planned production rates, and potential outcomes of various legal proceedings and government investigations. The grounding of the 737 MAX has reduced revenues, operating margins, and cash flows, and will continue to do so until production rates return to pre-grounding levels. We have implemented procedures to promote employee safety in our facilities, including more frequent and enhanced cleaning and adjusted schedules and workflows to support physical distancing. These actions have resulted, and will continue to result, in increased operating costs. We continue to experience some supply chain shortages, and our suppliers are also experiencing liquidity pressures and disruptions to their operations as a result of COVID-19. Our business transformation efforts are assessing our operations across five key pillars, including supply chain health and operational excellence, to enable the company to emerge stronger and be more resilient when the market recovers. We are focused on improving our products and services and continuing our business transformation efforts, which enhances our ability to compete and positions us for market recovery. The long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to the fundamental drivers of air travel demand, but the shock from COVID-19 has reduced the near to medium-term demand. We expect that successful execution of our transformation measures will improve near-term liquidity and long-term cost competitiveness. Our commercial aircraft production system is extremely complex, and operational issues, including delays or defects in supplier components, could result in significant out-of-sequence work and increased production costs, as well as delayed deliveries to customers. We must minimize disruption caused by production changes and achieve productivity improvements in order to meet customer demand and maintain our profitability. The ongoing impacts of COVID-19 on market demand have created significant uncertainty around the timing of deliveries of 737 MAX aircraft in inventory, and we may need to recognize additional costs associated with remarketing and/or reconfiguring aircraft in inventory, which may reduce revenue and/or earnings in future periods.