The ongoing global covid-19 pandemic and related impacts are having a material adverse effect on our operations, financial performance, and cash flows. Our ability to manufacture our products is highly dependent on our ability to maintain the safety and health of our employees. We have faced increased operational challenges from the need to protect employee health and safety, including site shutdowns and workplace disruptions. The longer the period of economic and global supply chain disruption continues, the more material the cumulative adverse impact will be on our business operations and financial performance. We implemented cost reduction initiatives, including decreases in travel, meetings, and customer events, hiring, clinical programs, and certain research and development projects. We also implemented a temporary four-day work week for many employees globally and reduced employee compensation. Our global crisis management team has focused on protecting our employees and customers, optimizing our operations, and securing our supply chain. We have successfully implemented business continuity plans, including establishing a medical advisory group for employees, leveraging work from home infrastructure, and accelerating capabilities to provide remote physician support. The impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our operations and financial performance remains uncertain and difficult to predict, and procedural delays may continue to negatively impact demand for our products. We continue to believe our long-term fundamentals remain strong and we will manage through these challenges with strategic focus. Our restructuring initiative is intended to support our effort to improve operating performance and meet anticipated market demands by ensuring that we are appropriately structured and resourced to deliver sustainable value to patients and customers. We expect a substantial portion of the savings from these initiatives to be reinvested in strategic growth initiatives. The severity, magnitude, and duration of the covid-19 pandemic and its economic consequences are uncertain, rapidly changing, and difficult to predict, which may require us to consider taking additional actions, including further reductions to salary and work hours, furloughs, restructuring, layoffs, or extensions of remote work arrangements. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical. The ultimate impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our operations and financial performance depends on many factors that are not within our control, including governmental, business, and individual actions taken in response to the pandemic. We have implemented measures to reduce costs, and our operating expenses as a percentage of net sales increased during 2020, as approximately 70 percent of our operating expenses are fixed in nature. We continue to focus our efforts on the health and safety of patients, healthcare providers, and employees while executing our mission of transforming lives through innovative medical solutions. We have evaluated the recoverability of the assets in our consolidated balance sheet and reflected accordingly in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The ongoing pandemic may also affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not presently known to us or that we currently do not expect to present significant risks to our operations or financial results.