The global outbreak of the novel coronavirus, or COVID-19, has caused severe disruptions in the U.S. and global economies and has adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, our performance and results of operations. The pandemic has exacerbated many of the other risks discussed in this "risk factors" section. The longer the pandemic impacts activity levels in the locations and sectors in which we and our portfolio companies operate, the more likely it is to have a sustained, material impact on the economy and on us. Issues with respect to the distribution or adoption of vaccines or the spread of variants of the virus could lead people to continue to self-isolate and not participate in the economy at pre-pandemic levels for a prolonged period of time. Adverse impacts on our business as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic include our ability to realize value from our investments, which was adversely impacted by decreased portfolio company revenues and earnings, lack of potential buyers with financial resources to pursue an acquisition, and limited access to the equity capital markets. The pandemic slowed our anticipated fundraising pace for new or successor funds during the first quarter of 2020. Although our fundraising pace substantially recovered during the remainder of 2020, we may experience another such decline in the pace of our investments and of our recovery. Limited opportunities for realizing gains also delayed or eliminated receipt of performance revenues as preferred return thresholds became harder to achieve. The continuing recovery has contributed to capital deployment, realization, and fundraising activity. The global economy has begun reopening, but the recovery could remain uneven and characterized by meaningful dispersion across sectors and regions, particularly given uncertainty with respect to the distribution and acceptance of the vaccines. The resurgence in COVID-19 infection levels in certain geographies and a potential resulting market downturn may pose material risks. These risks potentially create additional pressure for certain of our portfolio companies' and investments' liquidity needs and their ability to meet financial obligations, including by adversely impacting operational performance. We have seen a continuing focus toward rent regulation as a means to address residential affordability caused by undersupply of housing in certain markets in the U.S. and Europe, as well as an increasing focus on the institution of eviction limitations in response to the COVID-19 pandemic in the U.S. The new presidential administration and the U.S. Congress may introduce new or enforce existing policies and regulations that may create uncertainty for our business and investment strategies and could have an adverse impact on us and our portfolio companies. The performance of our funds' portfolio companies would likely be negatively impacted if pressure on wages and other inputs increasingly pressure profit margins. The performance of our investment funds is materially affected by financial market and economic conditions and events throughout the world that are outside our control. We may not be able to manage our exposure to these conditions and/or events. Such conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, reducing the value or performance of the investments made by our funds, and making it more difficult to fund opportunities for our funds to exist and realize value from existing investments. The global outbreak of COVID-19 required management to make significant judgments about the ultimate adverse impact of COVID-19 on financial markets and economic conditions, which is uncertain and may change over time.