The risks described could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our financial and operational performance is highly dependent on our U.S. and Canadian operations. Disruptions in merchandise distribution or processing, packaging, manufacturing, and other facilities could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction. We depend on the orderly operation of the merchandise receiving and distribution process, primarily through our depots. Disruptions due to extreme weather conditions or catastrophic events may result in delays in the production and delivery of merchandise to our warehouses. Our e-commerce business depends heavily on third-party logistics providers and is negatively affected when these providers are unable to provide services in a timely fashion. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. The availability and performance of our information technology systems are vital for our business to operate efficiently. Failure or disruption of these IT systems could have an adverse impact on our ability to buy products from our suppliers, produce goods in our manufacturing plants, move the products efficiently to our warehouses, and sell products to our members. We are undertaking large technology and IT transformation projects. Given the high volume of transactions we process, it is important that we build strong digital resiliency for our business-critical systems to prevent disruption from events such as power outages, computer failures, and catastrophic events. Any debilitating failure of our critical IT systems would require significant investments in resources to restore services and may cause serious impairment in our business operations. We are currently making significant investments in enhancing our digital resiliency, and failure or delay in execution of these projects could delay our ability to be resilient to disruptive events. The pandemic has significantly impacted the global supply chain, with restrictions causing disruption and delay. These disruptions have strained certain domestic and international supply chains, which have affected the flow or availability of certain products. Member demand for certain products has fluctuated as the pandemic has progressed, challenging our ability to anticipate and adjust inventory levels to meet that demand. We may be required to suspend operations in some or all of our locations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. The continuing impacts of the pandemic are highly unpredictable and are affecting many aspects of our business. We are taking precautionary measures intended to help minimize the risk of the virus to our employees, including temporarily requiring some employees to work remotely. The pandemic has resulted in widespread impacts on the global economy and on our employees, members, suppliers, and other entities with which we do business. We are exposed to risks relating to evaluations of controls required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to record, process, and report financial information accurately could be adversely affected. We are subject to a variety of taxes and tax collection obligations in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant changes in or failure to comply with regulations relating to hazardous materials could adversely impact our business. We are involved in a number of legal proceedings, and some of these outcomes could adversely affect our business. Our ability to control labor and benefit costs is subject to numerous internal and external factors. Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs, and modest changes in various items can have substantial impacts on net income.