The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and related public health measures have materially affected how we and our customers are operating our businesses, and have materially affected our operating results and cash flows; the duration and extent to which this will impact our future results of operations and cash flows remain uncertain. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have canceled or delayed some customer events, and shifted many of them to virtual-only experiences. Our shift to creating virtual customer, employee, and industry events may not be successful, and we may not be able to showcase our products as well as, or generate the same customer interest, opportunities, and leads through virtual events as we have historically done through in-person events. The global work-from-home operating environment has caused strain for, and has adversely impacted productivity of, certain employees, and these conditions may persist and harm our business, including our future sales and operating results. The conditions caused by COVID-19 initially affected customer IT spending and may in the future adversely affect our customers' ability or willingness to purchase our enterprise cloud computing services. Authorities throughout the world have implemented numerous preventative measures to contain or mitigate further spread of the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, limitations on business activity, quarantines, work-from-home directives, and shelter-in-place orders. These public health measures have caused, and are continuing to cause, business slowdowns or shutdowns in affected areas, both regionally and worldwide, which have impacted our business and results of operations and cash flows. The extent and duration of these measures could also impact our ability to address cybersecurity incidents, have resulted in increased internet demand which could cause access issues, could affect our ability to develop and support products and services, and could cause issues with access to data centers. As we continue to monitor the situation and public health guidance, we may adjust our current policies and practices, and existing and new precautionary measures could negatively affect our operations. Our operations have been negatively affected by a range of external factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic that are not within our control. The long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial condition or results of operations remains uncertain. We have experienced significant growth in our customer base and personnel, particularly through acquisitions, which has placed a strain on and in the future may stress the capabilities of our management, administrative, operational, and financial infrastructure. Supporting our existing and growing customer base could strain our personnel resources and infrastructure, and if we are unable to scale our operations and increase productivity, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan. We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent as compared to the prior year. Our ability to deliver our services is dependent on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the internet by third parties. The internet's infrastructure comprises many different networks and services that are highly fragmented and distributed by design. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shutoffs or shortages, actual or threatened public health emergencies, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and other events beyond our control. We have made and will continue to make substantial investments in our cybersecurity programs. We believe that values drive value, and that effectively managing our priority environmental, social, and governance topics will help create long-term value for our investors.