Our business, results of operations, and financial condition have been adversely affected and could in the future be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The pandemic and the resulting containment measures have caused economic and financial disruptions globally, including in most of the regions in which we sell our products and services and conduct our business operations. The magnitude and duration of the disruption, its continuing impact on us, and resulting decline in global business activity is uncertain. These disruptions include unprecedented actions taken to try to contain the pandemic such as travel bans and restrictions, business closures, and social distancing measures. The COVID-19 pandemic may also result in long-term changes in customer needs for our products and services in various sectors, along with IT-related capital spending reductions, or shifts in spending focus, that could materially adversely affect us if we are unable to adjust our product and service offerings to match customer needs. We are continuing to monitor the pandemic and take appropriate actions in accordance with the recommendations and requirements of relevant authorities. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance is currently uncertain and will depend on many factors outside our control, including the timing, extent, trajectory, and duration of the pandemic, the development and availability of effective treatments and vaccines, and the impact of the pandemic on the global economy. Our operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which may adversely affect our stock price. We expect to realign and dedicate resources into key priority and growth areas, such as security and applications, while also focusing on maintaining leadership in infrastructure platforms and in services. We have initiated a restructuring plan in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, which includes a voluntary early retirement program, to realign the organization and enable further investment in key priority areas. The implementation of this restructuring plan may be disruptive to our business, and following completion of the restructuring plan, our business may not be more efficient or effective than prior to implementation. Our growth and ability to meet customer demands depend in part on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of parts from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. We have experienced component shortages in the past, including shortages caused by manufacturing process issues, that have affected our operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has also led to increased disruption and volatility in capital markets and credit markets. The pandemic and resulting economic uncertainty could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources in the future. We believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position is critical at this time of uncertainty due to the COVID-19 pandemic and allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends. Our business continuity strategies include leveraging available funds to provide organizations with access to financing solutions to offer financial flexibility and support business continuity. The new business resiliency program includes an up-front 90-day payment holiday and allows a customer to defer 95 percent of the payments for a new product or solution until calendar 2021, which protects their business and increases their existing cash flow.