We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services will significantly affect our future success. We must anticipate and respond to these changes in order to remain competitive within our relevant markets. Our business depends, in part, on our merchant relationships and alliances, and if we are unable to maintain these relationships and alliances, our business may be adversely affected. We expect to continue to invest significant resources to maintain and enhance our information security and controls or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. The impact of a material event involving our systems and data, or those of our clients, partners or vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our employees, our clients and their customers. We expect that unauthorized parties will continue to attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities, and those of our clients, partners and vendors, through various means and with increasing sophistication. Our business has been, and is likely to continue to be, adversely impacted by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. The pandemic may continue to negatively impact transaction volumes, create economic uncertainty and financial market volatility, reduce economic activity, increase unemployment and cause a decline in consumer and business confidence. We have taken several actions since the onset of the pandemic to protect the health, safety and well-being of our employees while maintaining business continuity. We expect to continue such safety measures for the foreseeable future and may take further actions, or adapt these existing policies, as government authorities may require or recommend or as we may determine to be in the best interest of our employees, clients and vendors. We will continue to monitor and assess developments related to COVID-19 and implement appropriate actions to minimize the risk to our operations of any material adverse developments. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to manage this expanded business, which will pose substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations; integrating complex systems, technology, networks and other assets in a seamless manner that minimizes any adverse impact on customers, suppliers, employees and other constituencies; potential unknown liabilities; and associated increased costs. We have implemented integration plans focused on reducing our overall cost structure, including eliminating duplicate costs. We recorded employee termination costs related to severance and other separation costs for terminated employees in connection with the acquisition of First Data. We believe we have adequate capital resources and sufficient access to external financing sources to satisfy our current and reasonably anticipated requirements for funds to conduct our operations and meet other needs in the ordinary course of our business. However, as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy and our operations evolves, we will continue to assess our liquidity needs. A lack of continued recovery or further deterioration in economic and market conditions could materially affect our future access to our sources of liquidity, particularly our cash flows from operations. Our ability to continue to service debt and meet lease and other obligations as they come due is dependent on our continued ability to generate earnings and cash flows. We have also experienced operational failures and resulting interruptions in the implementation or availability of our products or services, which could harm our business and reputation.