Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. The manner in which we respond to future developments as well as our competitors' reactions to those developments may affect our future operating results. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant economic instability and uncertainty and has had a negative impact, and may in the future have a material adverse impact, on our business. The severity and duration of the pandemic's impact on our operational and financial performance are uncertain and will depend on many factors beyond our control. Potential and current negative impacts of the pandemic include a reduction in customer demand for our products and services, decreased consumer spending levels, and potential decreases in the number of tax returns filed, which could materially harm our results of operations. Changes to our business operations and the operations of our third-party partners have introduced new security and execution risks that could cause us to experience substantial financial losses and harm our revenues and earnings. The complexity of resuming operations in our offices could introduce new execution risks, and we may experience longer-term disruptions to our operations. Our business operations, data centers, information technology, and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, human error, malicious attacks, and health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. We have modified our business practices in connection with the pandemic, and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, or third-party partners. We cannot predict how long any such measures will be in place and whether we would reimplement or enhance any such measures in one or more locations in order to respond to the effects of the pandemic. Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We face risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. We continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against fraud. Our ability to adapt to technological changes and global trends is critical to our future growth, and we must continue to innovate and develop new products and features to meet changing customer needs. The online tax preparation, payroll administration, online payments, and lending industries have been experiencing an increasing amount of fraudulent activities by third parties, and those fraudulent activities are becoming increasingly sophisticated. We may implement risk control mechanisms that could make it more difficult for legitimate customers to obtain and use our products, which could result in lost revenue and negatively impact our earnings. Our business operations rely on third-party partners, and disruptions to their operations could negatively impact our business and financial results. The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty, and we cannot predict the extent to which existing small businesses will be able to survive such a downturn. We believe that our financial resources will allow us to manage the impact of COVID-19 on our business operations for the foreseeable future, which could include potential reductions in revenue and delays in payments from customers and partners.