In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have been focused on maintaining a reliable supply of our medicines; reducing the strain on the medical system; developing treatments for COVID-19; protecting the health, safety, and well-being of our employees; supporting our communities; and ensuring affordability of and access to our medicines, particularly insulin. We have experienced negative impacts to our underlying business due to the COVID-19 pandemic, including decreases in new prescriptions as a result of fewer patient visits to physician's offices to begin or change treatment, changes in payer segment mix, and the use of patient affordability programs in the United States due to rising unemployment. Additionally, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, decreased demand as a result of lack of normal access and fewer in-person interactions by patients and our employees with the healthcare system. The conditions created by the COVID-19 pandemic intensify other risks inherent in our business, including risks related to drug pricing and access, the conduct of clinical trials, workplace safety and productivity, intellectual property protection, product liability and other litigation, and the impact of adverse global and local economic conditions. Our ability to continue to operate without significant negative impacts will in part depend on our ability to protect our employees and our supply chain. We have taken steps to protect our employees worldwide, particularly those working in our manufacturing sites and distribution facilities. Although the COVID-19 pandemic has affected our operations and demand for our products, it has not negatively impacted our liquidity position. The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to impact our business operations, financial results, and liquidity will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Should the COVID-19 pandemic and any associated recession or depression continue for a prolonged period, our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and cash flows could be materially impacted by lower revenues and profitability and a lower likelihood of effectively and efficiently developing and launching new medicines. We depend on products with intellectual property protection for most of our revenues, cash flows, and earnings; we have lost or will lose effective intellectual property protection for many of those products in the next few years, which has resulted and is likely to continue to result in rapid and severe declines in revenues. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative new medicines. We view our business development activity as an important way to achieve our strategies, as we seek to bolster our pipeline and enhance shareholder value. Our management continuously evaluates our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can adequately and efficiently finance our capital requirements. We continue to implement measures in an effort to protect, detect, respond to, and minimize or prevent risks to enhance the resiliency of our IT systems; however, these measures may not be successful. The failure or inadequacy of our IT systems or business processes, the compromise, disruption, degradation, manipulation, loss, theft, destruction, or unauthorized access to disclosure or use of confidential information could impair our ability to secure and maintain intellectual property rights; result in a product manufacturing interruption or failure; damage our operations, customer relationships, or reputation; and cause us to lose trade secrets or other competitive advantages.