Given the size and complexity of the F-35 program, we anticipate that there will be continual reviews related to aircraft performance, program schedule, cost, and requirements as part of the Department of Defense, congressional, and international partner countries' oversight and budgeting processes. Our operating cycle is primarily long term and involves many types of contracts for the design, development, and manufacture of products and related activities with varying delivery schedules. Consequently, the results of operations of a particular year, or year-to-year comparisons of sales and profits, may not be indicative of future operating results. We regularly provide customers with reports of our costs as the contract progresses. The cost information in the reports is accumulated in a manner specified by the requirements of each contract. Our contracts generally allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services. Most of our contracts are bid and negotiated with our customers under circumstances in which we are required to disclose our estimated total costs to provide the product or service. This approach for negotiating contracts with our U.S. government customers generally allows for recovery of our actual costs plus a reasonable profit margin. We also may enter into long-term supply contracts for certain materials or components to coincide with the production schedule of certain products and to ensure their availability at known unit prices. We have identified a number of suppliers that have experienced delivery impacts due to COVID-19 and have been working to manage those impacts. However, if alternatives or other mitigations are not effective, deliveries and other milestones on affected programs could be adversely impacted. We have taken measures to protect the health and safety of our employees, work with our customers and suppliers to minimize disruptions, and support our community in addressing the challenges posed by this ongoing global pandemic. The pandemic has presented unprecedented business challenges, and we have experienced impacts in each of our business areas related to COVID-19, primarily in increased coronavirus-related costs, delays in supplier deliveries, impacts of travel restrictions, site access and quarantine requirements, and the impacts of remote work and adjusted work schedules. We continue to proactively monitor our supply chain and have implemented multiple actions to help mitigate the effects of COVID-19, including accelerating payments to suppliers within our global supply base as a result of the actions taken by the Department of Defense in changing the progress payment policy. We have generated strong operating cash flows, which have been the primary source of funding for our operations, capital expenditures, debt service and repayments, dividends, share repurchases, and postretirement benefit plan contributions. We expect our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. The global outbreak of COVID-19 was declared a pandemic and has negatively affected the U.S. and global economies, disrupted global supply chains, and resulted in significant travel and transport restrictions. Our U.S. production facilities have continued to operate in support of essential products and services required to meet national security commitments to the U.S. government and the U.S. military. We have taken actions to equip employees with personal protective equipment, establish minimum staffing and social distancing policies, sanitize workspaces more frequently, adopt alternate work schedules, and institute other measures aimed to sustain production and related services while minimizing the transmission of COVID-19.