Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The covid-19 pandemic has had, and may in the future have, a significant adverse impact on our advertising revenue and also exposes our business to other risks, including volatility in the size of our user base and user engagement, particularly for our messaging products. The pandemic has caused business slowdowns or shutdowns in affected areas, which have significantly impacted our business and results of operations. We have experienced significant increases in the size and engagement of our active user base across a number of regions as a result of the pandemic, but we are unable to predict the impact on user growth and engagement with certainty, and we expect these trends to continue to be subject to volatility. The pandemic has previously caused a reduction in the demand for advertising, as well as a related decline in the pricing of our ads. We believe the pandemic has contributed to an acceleration in the shift of commerce from offline to online, as well as increasing consumer demand for purchasing products as opposed to services, which has increased demand for our advertising services. However, it is possible that this increased demand may not continue in future periods and may even recede as the effects of the pandemic subside, which could adversely affect our advertising revenue growth. The impact of the pandemic on user growth and engagement, the demand for and pricing of our advertising services, as well as on our overall results of operations, remains highly uncertain for the foreseeable future. We expect that future advertising revenue growth will continue to be adversely affected by limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the regulatory environment and third-party mobile operating systems and browsers. Our business is subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. We have implemented changes to our user data practices, which have reduced our ability to effectively target ads, adversely affecting our advertising business. Our ability to retain, increase, and engage our user base and to increase our revenue depends heavily on our ability to continue to evolve our existing products and to create successful new products. We may introduce significant changes to our existing products or acquire or introduce new and unproven products, which could adversely affect our ability to successfully develop and market these products and technologies. The growth and expansion of our business and products create significant challenges for our management, operational, and financial resources, including managing multiple relationships with users, marketers, developers, and other third parties. Our ability to successfully integrate complex acquisitions is unproven, particularly with respect to companies that have significant operations or that develop products where we do not have prior experience. We have in the past experienced challenges in operating with mobile operating systems, networks, technologies, products, and standards that we do not control, and any such occurrences in the future may negatively impact our user growth, engagement, and monetization on mobile devices, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our users is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our products from time to time. Our systems may not be adequately designed or may not operate with the reliability and redundancy necessary to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business.