The ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the global attempt to contain it may harm our industry, business, results of operations, and ability to raise additional capital. In response to government mandates and health care advisories, we have altered certain aspects of our operations, including having our workforce spend significant time working from home. Our ability to produce content remains affected by the pandemic, and we anticipate that these actions and the global health crisis will continue to negatively impact business activity across the globe. The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, operations, and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors, including disruptions or restrictions on our employees' ability to work and travel. We will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, and stockholders.

We face risks such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license, and distribute. As we expand our original programming, we have become responsible for production costs and other expenses, including ongoing guild payments. We may face potential liability or suffer losses in connection with arrangements with third parties, including if such third parties violate applicable law or become insolvent. If we do not accurately anticipate costs or mitigate risks, including for content that we obtain but ultimately does not appear on our service, our business may suffer. 

The long-term and largely fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. Given the multiple-year duration and largely fixed cost nature of content commitments, if membership acquisition and retention do not meet our expectations, our margins may be adversely impacted. The long-term and fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and the market segments in which we operate. 

We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our service. As our international offering evolves, we are managing and adjusting our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs and practices, as well as differing legal and regulatory environments. We believe that a positive reputation concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining members, and to the extent our content is perceived as low quality or offensive, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may be adversely impacted.

Our ability to maintain or establish a positive reputation concerning our service, including the content we offer, is critical in attracting and retaining members. To the extent our response to government action or our marketing, customer service, and public relations efforts are not effective or result in negative reactions, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may likewise be adversely impacted. We must continually add new memberships both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. If we are unable to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected.