We discuss our expectations regarding future performance, events, and outcomes, including our business outlook and objectives, as well as in our quarterly and annual reports. Our business is subject to numerous risks, including significant operations and sales in international markets, which may adversely affect our organizational resilience. We are exposed to foreign currency fluctuations, currency exchange or pricing controls, and localized volatility. Our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely impacted if we are unable to successfully manage such controls and restrictions. Additionally, our business, operations, or employees have been and could continue to be adversely affected by political volatility, labor market disruptions, or other crises in individual countries or regions. Uncertain economic conditions may adversely impact demand for our products or cause our customers and other business partners to suffer financial hardship, which could adversely impact our business. Our ability to meet our customers' needs and achieve cost targets depends on maintaining key manufacturing and supply arrangements, including execution of supply chain optimizations. The loss or disruption of such arrangements could have an adverse impact on our business. We must successfully manage disruptions in our global supply chain, including natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, and disease outbreaks. Our ability to achieve our business objectives depends on how well we can compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing markets. The consumer products industry is highly competitive, and we experience ongoing competitive pressures that may result in challenges in maintaining profit margins. We must successfully respond to competitive factors and emerging retail trends, including pricing, promotional incentives, and product delivery windows. A significant change in customer relationships or demand for our products could have a significant impact on our business. Our success depends on managing relationships with our retail trade customers, including offering trade terms that align with our pricing and profitability targets. The company's reputation, and the reputation of our brands, form the foundation of our relationships with key stakeholders. We rely on third parties for certain functions, and failure to effectively manage these relationships could adversely impact our operations and financial results. A significant information security or operational technology incident could have a material adverse impact on our business or reputation. We must successfully manage compliance with laws and regulations, as well as new and pending legal and regulatory matters. Rapidly changing laws and regulations create challenges for the company, including our compliance and ethics programs. We must successfully manage ongoing acquisition, joint venture, and divestiture activities while delivering against our business objectives. Our financial results have been, and in the future could be, adversely impacted by the dilutive impacts from the loss of earnings associated with divested brands or dissolution of joint ventures. We must successfully manage productivity improvements and ongoing organizational change, including attracting and retaining key talent. Our business may be negatively impacted by the fear of exposure to or actual effects of a disease outbreak, including pandemics. Despite our efforts to manage and remedy these impacts, their ultimate effect depends on factors beyond our control. We intend to maintain a disciplined approach to investing to ensure the long-term health of our businesses.