Our business continuity, communication plans, and technology are allowing all functions of our business to work smoothly during this time. We have not had any layoffs and we have extended financial assistance to employees in need. Our local property and leasing teams have continued to maintain our properties and work with our customers to help them navigate the new environment while following established measures to help keep them and our customers safe. The impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on our business, that of our unconsolidated co-investment ventures, and our customers for the long-term continues to be uncertain. Given the ongoing and dynamic nature of these circumstances, we cannot predict the extent to which the continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic may impact our business, but its impact may include the following: existing customers and potential customers of our logistics facilities may be adversely affected by the decrease in economic activity, which in turn could disrupt their business and their ability to enter into new leasing transactions or satisfy rental payments; government, labor or other restrictions may prevent us from completing the development or leasing of properties currently under development or making our properties ready for our customers to move in; our ability to recover our investments in real estate assets may be impacted by current market conditions; and our workforce, including our executives, may become ill or have difficulty working remotely, caring for our properties and/or customers. Any prolonged economic downturn, escalation of the outbreak, or disruption in the financial markets may also impact our ability to access capital markets to issue debt or equity securities and to complete real estate transactions at attractive pricing or at all. We believe our properties and the properties of our co-investment ventures are adequately insured. Certain losses, however, including losses from floods, earthquakes, acts of war, acts of terrorism or riots and pandemics, generally are not insured against or not fully insured against because it is not deemed economically feasible or prudent to do so. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occurs with respect to one or more of our properties, we could experience a significant loss of capital invested and future revenues in these properties and could potentially remain obligated under any recourse debt associated with the property. Furthermore, we cannot be sure that the insurance companies will be able to continue to offer products with sufficient coverage at commercially reasonable rates. Our investments are concentrated in the logistics sector and our business would be adversely affected by an economic downturn in that sector. We are exposed to the economic conditions and other events and occurrences in the local, regional, national, and international geographies in which we own properties. Our operating performance is further impacted by the economic conditions of the specific markets in which we have concentrations of properties. We seek to minimize risks through geographic diversification of our portfolio, market research, and our asset management capabilities, but these risks cannot be eliminated. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of available funds that we may invest in co-investment ventures, and we may and currently intend to develop and acquire properties through co-investment ventures and investments in other entities when warranted by the circumstances. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to form new co-investment ventures, or attract third-party investment or that additional investments in new or existing ventures to develop or acquire properties will be successful. We generally seek to maintain sufficient influence over our co-investment ventures to permit us to achieve our business objectives; however, we may not be able to continue to do so indefinitely.