Our financial condition and results of operations have been and are expected to continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The pandemic has disrupted our operations to varying degrees in many markets, impacting our ability to carry out our business as usual. The further spread of COVID-19 will impact our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. We have experienced a decline in comparable store sales primarily due to temporary store closures and reduced customer traffic. We have incurred incremental labor costs, including paying wages and benefits to partners who were unable or uncomfortable working during the pandemic. Our ability to adapt to changing customer preferences and behaviors in light of the pandemic is critical. We have announced a plan to optimize our North America store portfolio, which reflects our strategic initiatives to better cater to changing customer tastes and preferences. This includes blending store formats and closing certain stores, which may have a material adverse impact on our business and financial results. We have extended more flexible development and financial terms to support our international licensees in their recovery efforts, indicating our commitment to inter-organizational collaboration during challenging times. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain. We continue to invest in technologies and innovations to elevate the customer and partner experience and to drive long-term growth. Our global business is recovering steadily, with signs of resilience as we gradually reopen stores under modified operations. We believe we are well-positioned to regain the positive business momentum we had demonstrated prior to the pandemic, contingent upon the absence of significant COVID-19 relapses or global economic disruptions. Our strategic initiatives are designed to create growth, improve our results of operations, and drive long-term shareholder value. Factors that may adversely affect the successful implementation of these initiatives include governmental regulations concerning store operations due to the pandemic and the need for flexibility in managing growth as we expand into new markets. We face intense competition in each of our channels and markets, which could lead to reduced profitability. The ongoing focus by large competitors in the quick-service restaurant sector on selling high-quality specialty coffee beverages could lead to decreases in customer traffic to our stores. Our reliance on key business partners may adversely affect our operations, particularly if they are materially impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. We are also subject to risks related to labor costs and the availability of qualified personnel, which could adversely impact our business and financial results. The complexity of the regulatory environment in which we operate is increasing due to additional or changing legal and regulatory requirements, which may require us to incur substantial costs in reaching compliance. We continue to monitor and limit our exposure to various market-based risks, including commodity price fluctuations and foreign currency exchange rates, to mitigate potential adverse impacts on our financial results.