The pandemic has adversely affected, and will continue to adversely affect, our business, liquidity, financial condition, and operating results. The pandemic has impacted the demand for our products and services, the ways in which our customers use them, and our suppliers and vendors' ability to provide products to us. We have seen and may continue to see decreased traffic and therefore lower switching activity in the industry. The pandemic has impacted customers' ability to pay, and we expect to continue to work with them to help them maintain service and become current on their accounts, which may materially and adversely impact our financial results. These efforts may divert resources from our network buildout and put additional strain on our network, potentially leading to impacts on customer experience. We continue to monitor the pandemic and its impacts and may adjust our actions as needed to continue to provide our products and services to our communities and employees. Our response has included not terminating service to any residential or small business customers because of their inability to pay their bills due to disruptions caused by the pandemic and waiving any late fees incurred because of their economic circumstances related to the pandemic. We have taken a variety of steps to help mitigate the impact of the pandemic on our customers and to protect the health and well-being of our workforce and communities. Our focus has been on providing crucial connectivity to our customers and impacted communities while ensuring the safety and well-being of our employees. The challenges in satisfying the large number of government commitments in the required time frames and the significant cumulative cost incurred in tracking, monitoring, and complying with them could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. We expect to incur significant costs, expenses, and fees to track, monitor, comply with, and fulfill our obligations under these government commitments. The pandemic situation is unprecedented and continuously evolving, which may affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not presently known to us. Our ability to compete will depend upon continued improvement in network quality and customer service, effective marketing and selling of products and services, innovation, and attractive pricing, all of which will involve significant expenses. System failures and business disruptions may allow unauthorized use of or interference with our network and other systems, which could materially adversely affect our reputation and financial condition. We rely upon systems and networks to provide and support our services and protect our customers' information. Disruptions or failure of such suppliers to adequately perform could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. The integration of T-Mobile and Sprint's businesses may not be successful or may be more difficult, time-consuming, or costly than expected. The combination of two independent businesses is complex, costly, and time-consuming, and may divert significant management attention and resources. The difficulties of combining the operations of the companies include diversion of management attention to integration matters, difficulties in integrating operations and systems, and challenges in retaining existing customers and obtaining new customers. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the transactions will depend, to a large extent, on our ability to integrate our and Sprint's businesses in a manner that facilitates growth opportunities and achieves the projected cost savings.