The risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. We may be impacted by macroeconomic conditions resulting from the global covid-19 pandemic. Since the first quarter of 2020, there has been a worldwide impact from the covid-19 pandemic. We temporarily suspended operations at each of our manufacturing facilities worldwide for a part of the first half of 2020. We also instituted temporary employee furloughs and compensation reductions while our U.S. operations were scaled back. Ultimately, we continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions to remain flexible and to optimize and evolve our business as appropriate, and we will have to accurately project demand and infrastructure requirements globally and deploy our production, workforce, and other resources accordingly. We cannot predict the duration or direction of current global trends, the sustained impact of which is largely unknown, is rapidly evolving, and has varied across geographic regions. We may experience delays in launching and ramping the production of our products and features, or we may be unable to control our manufacturing costs. Bottlenecks and other unexpected challenges may arise during our production ramps, and we must address them promptly while continuing to improve manufacturing processes and reducing costs. We will also need to hire, train, and compensate skilled employees to operate these facilities. If we are not successful in achieving these goals, we could face delays in establishing and/or sustaining our model 3 and model y ramps or be unable to meet our related cost and profitability targets. We are currently focused on increasing vehicle production and capacity, developing and ramping our battery cell technology, increasing the affordability of our vehicles, expanding our global infrastructure, and introducing our next vehicles. We expect to benefit from ongoing electrification of the automotive sector and increasing environmental awareness. However, we operate in a cyclical industry that is sensitive to trade, environmental, and political uncertainty, all of which may also be compounded by any future global impact from the covid-19 pandemic. Our ability to increase production of our vehicles on a sustained basis, make them affordable globally by accessing local supply chains and workforces, and streamline delivery logistics is dependent on the construction and ramp of gigafactory shanghai, gigafactory berlin, and gigafactory texas. The construction of and commencement and ramp of production at these factories are subject to a number of uncertainties inherent in all new manufacturing operations, including ongoing compliance with regulatory requirements, procurement and maintenance of construction, environmental and operational licenses and approvals for additional expansion, potential supply chain constraints, hiring, training, and retention of qualified employees, and the pace of bringing production equipment and processes online with the capability to manufacture high-quality units at scale. Our future growth and success are dependent upon consumers' demand for electric vehicles and specifically our vehicles in an automotive industry that is generally competitive, cyclical, and volatile. We must manage risks relating to our information technology systems and the threat of intellectual property theft, data breaches, and cyber-attacks. We must continue to expand and improve our information technology systems as our operations grow. We are subject to legal and regulatory requirements, political uncertainty, and social, environmental, and economic conditions in numerous jurisdictions, over which we have little control and which are inherently unpredictable. Our operations in such jurisdictions create risks relating to conforming our products to regulatory and safety requirements and navigating foreign government taxes, regulations, and permit requirements. We may incur expenses or delays relating to such events outside of our control, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition.