The ongoing COVID-19 global health crisis continues to have major impacts on health systems, businesses, governments, and customer and consumer activities. We have mobilized the full strength of our resources to deliver the best care for patients, support for our members and care provider partners, keep our employees safe, and deliver innovative solutions and support for the communities we serve and the entire health system. The impact to our business is primarily dependent upon the ultimate pacing, intensity, and duration of the crisis, and the timing for widespread availability and effectiveness of a vaccine, factors which remain uncertain at this time. As the crisis abates, we may experience an increase in medical care costs as people seek care which was deferred during the pandemic, and individuals with chronic conditions may require additional care needs resulting from missed treatments. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in our customers having to close or severely curtail their operations. Among other impacts, we have experienced and may continue to experience loss of commercial and pharmacy care services members due to customer reductions in workforce and an adverse impact on the timing and collectability of premium payments. Additionally, governments have modified, and may continue to modify, regulatory standards around various aspects of health care in response to COVID-19, and these changing standards may create challenges for us to ensure timely compliance and meet various contractual obligations. Further disruptions in public and private infrastructure, including supply chains providing medical supplies and pharmaceutical products, could adversely disrupt our business operations or increase our operating costs. Although we cannot predict the pacing, intensity, and duration of COVID-19, the pandemic's disruption to business activities, employment, and economic effects, and near and long-term impacts on the patterns of care and services across the healthcare system could continue to have material and adverse effects on our business, results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We manage medical costs through underwriting criteria, product design, negotiation of competitive provider contracts, and care management programs. Our process of consolidating the number of systems we operate, upgrading and expanding our information systems' capabilities, enhancing our systems, and developing new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology may not be successful. Failure to protect, consolidate, and integrate our systems successfully could result in higher than expected costs and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Our businesses compete throughout the United States, South America, and other foreign markets and face significant competition in all of the geographic markets in which we operate. Our success in the healthcare marketplace will depend on our ability to develop and deliver innovative and potentially disruptive products and services to satisfy evolving market demands. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful and relevant to consumers and our customers, we may not remain competitive, and we risk losing market share to existing competitors and disruptive new market entrants. The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying performance-based care provider payment models rewarding high-quality, affordable care and fostering collaboration.