The pandemic caused a dramatic slowdown of the economy as government intervention forced closures and changed individual behaviors, and businesses transformed their operations to protect the health and safety of their employees, customers, and communities. The varying levels of mitigation across different industries had a significant impact on the demand to ship freight in certain market segments. We have and are continuing to adapt to protect the safety of our employees, our customers, and the communities we serve. Enhanced safety procedures were implemented across the system, including new procedures and policies based on Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) guidelines. We continued our focus on safety to reduce risk and eliminate incidents for our employees, our customers, and the public. We were able to adjust our demand-driven resources to reflect these fluctuations with minimal disruptions to our customers. Continued implementation of train length initiatives will allow us to add incremental volume growth to our existing train network. We will continue to make structural changes to improve operational performance and efficiency. A more efficient network requires fewer locomotives, freight cars, and other resources. We expect uncertainties with COVID-19 and the economy to continue. How governments and consumers react to the resurgence, mutation of the virus, and distribution of the vaccine could result in or contribute to customer disruptions, an elongated recovery period, or a downturn from our current business levels. Disruptions in our customers' supply chains caused by the pandemic or other factors may have an impact on our shipments. We are continually evaluating the impact of COVID-19 on our financial condition and liquidity. We maintain adequate resources, including our credit facility and, when necessary, access the capital markets to meet any foreseeable cash requirements. Our capital plan includes investments intended to support growth and improve productivity and operational efficiency. We will continue to harden our infrastructure, replace older assets, and improve the safety and resilience of the network. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results of operations and financial condition remains uncertain and depends on numerous evolving factors, which we may not be able to effectively respond to and are not entirely within our control. We are subject to significant governmental regulation covering a variety of health, safety, labor, environmental, economic, tax, and other matters. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. We are exposed to severe weather conditions and other natural phenomena, including earthquakes, hurricanes, fires, floods, extreme temperatures, avalanches, and significant precipitation. Line outages and other interruptions caused by these conditions can adversely affect our entire rail network, potentially negatively affecting revenue, costs, and liabilities, despite efforts we undertake to plan for these events. We rely on information technology in all aspects of our business, including technology systems operated by us or under control of third parties. We have experienced and will continue to experience varying degrees of cyber incidents in the normal course of business. A successful cyber-attack may result in significant service interruption; safety failure; other operational difficulties; unauthorized access to critical data or systems; loss of customers; financial losses; regulatory fines; and misuse or corruption of critical data and proprietary information. We are continually evaluating attackers' techniques and tactics, and we are diligent in our monitoring, training, planning, and prevention.