Applied's strategic priorities include growing its presence in wafer fab and display equipment and services, improving profitability in solar, and expanding its overall available market. The company recognizes that its results can vary significantly year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter due to cyclical industry conditions, global economic and market conditions, and technological advances. Applied's management believes that it is critical to continue to make substantial investments in research, development, and engineering (RD&E) to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of its customers' most advanced designs. The company has taken actions, including workforce reductions and reprioritization of existing spend, to enable increased funding for investments in technical capabilities and critical RD&E programs in current and new markets, focusing on semiconductor technologies. Applied's future operating results depend to a considerable extent on its ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products it provides. The mobility trend remains the largest influence on industry spending, driving device manufacturers to continually improve their ability to deliver high-performance, low-power processors and affordable solid-state storage. The company has maintained and intends to continue its commitment to investing in RD&E to offer new products and technologies. Applied's investment portfolio consists principally of investment-grade securities, and the company regularly monitors credit risk in its investment portfolio, taking appropriate measures to manage such risks prudently. The company has established a short-term commercial paper program and has credit facilities for unsecured borrowings, which provide liquidity to satisfy its operational needs. Applied's management believes that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash balances and borrowing capability, will be sufficient to satisfy its liquidity requirements for the next 12 months. The company has performed annual qualitative assessments to test goodwill for impairment and has determined that it is more likely than not that each of its reporting units' fair values exceed their respective carrying values. Applied's restructuring and asset impairment expenses reflect its efforts to realign its global workforce and enhance its ability to invest for growth, which includes implementing a voluntary retirement program and other workforce reduction actions. The company recognizes that unforeseen component failures or exceptional performance can result in changes to warranty costs, which may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and results of operations. Applied's ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is integral to its organizational resilience. The company’s strategic initiatives include enhancing operational flexibility and maintaining a focus on innovation to adapt to changing market conditions. The anticipated business combination with Tokyo Electron Limited is expected to create an expanded set of capabilities in precision materials engineering and patterning, further enhancing Applied's resilience strategies and mechanisms in the face of external pressures and market volatility.