We are a leading supplier of cloud networking solutions that use software innovations to address the needs of large-scale internet companies, cloud service providers, and next-generation data centers for enterprises. Our cloud networking solutions deliver industry-leading performance, scalability, availability, programmability, automation, and visibility. The programmability of our operating system has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility and analytics, and has also allowed us to rapidly integrate with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. We believe that our cloud networking platform addresses the large and growing cloud networking segment of data center switching, which remains in the early stage of adoption. Our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2014, was $584.1 million, an increase of 61.7% compared to 2013. We have been profitable and cash flow positive for each year since 2010. Our business model derives revenue from sales of products and services, primarily from switching products that incorporate our software. Our cumulative end-customer base has grown rapidly, and we expect a substantial portion of our future sales will be follow-on sales to existing end customers. We believe this opportunity with current end customers is significant given their existing and expected infrastructure spend. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our software and enhancements to it. We work closely with third parties to manufacture and deliver our products, which enables us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies. Our sales organization is supported by systems engineers with deep technical expertise responsible for pre-sales technical support and engineering for our end customers. We expect to continue deriving a growing portion of our sales through our channel partners as they develop new end customers and expand sales to our existing end customers. We believe that increasing channel leverage will extend and improve our engagement with a broad set of customers. We intend to continue investing heavily in software development to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform, introduce new products, and build upon our technology leadership. Our ability to sustain our revenue growth will depend, in part, upon our continued sales of more robust configurations of our products. We expect our operating expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars in the near term as we invest in the growth of our business. We have experienced rapid revenue growth over the last several years, increasing our revenue at a compound annual growth rate of 68.9% from 2010 to 2014. Our research and development efforts are focused on maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products and on new product development. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, together with cash flow from operations, will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements and our growth strategies for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of our spending to support research and development activities, and the introduction of new and enhanced product and service offerings. If we require or elect to seek additional capital through debt or equity financing in the future, we may not be able to raise capital on terms acceptable to us.