We believe our investment grade credit profile reflects the size and diversity of our product portfolio, our leading share position in several of our served markets, our strong cash flow, our solid financial fundamentals, and our financial strategy. We monitor the dynamics of the economy, the healthcare industry, and the markets in which we compete; and we assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency and to better align expenses with revenues, while preserving our ability to make the investments in research and development projects, capital, our people, and other programs that we believe are important to drive our growth. As a result of these assessments, we have undertaken various restructuring initiatives in order to enhance our growth potential and position us for long-term success. We are committed to working with the FDA to address the panel's comments and recommendations. We expect to initiate a full launch of this technology in 2015. We define emerging markets as including 20 developing countries that we believe have strong growth potential based on their economic conditions, healthcare sectors, and our global capabilities. We are seeking to expand our presence and strengthen relationships in order to grow net sales and market share within our emerging markets, and we have increased our investment in infrastructure in these countries in order to maximize opportunities. Our emerging markets revenue grew 12 percent, as compared to the prior year, and was approximately ten percent of our consolidated net sales in 2014. We believe that these changes are causing the marketplace to put increased emphasis on the delivery of treatments that can reduce costs, improve efficiencies, and/or increase patient access. Although we believe our less-invasive products and technologies generate favorable clinical outcomes, value, and cost efficiency, the resources necessary to demonstrate value to our customers, patients, payors, and other stakeholders may be significant and may take a longer period of time to gain widespread adoption. We expect pricing of medical devices to remain under pressure as alternative payment reform such as prospective payment systems for hospital care, value-based purchasing, and accountable care organizations continue to take shape globally. We expect the next reimbursement rate update in Japan to be completed and take effect for the majority of our businesses during the second quarter of 2016. We cannot predict the specific healthcare programs and regulations that will be ultimately implemented by regional and national governments globally. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in item 1A. risk factors of this annual report, some of which are outside our control. Macroeconomic conditions, adverse litigation outcomes, and other risks and uncertainties could limit our ability to successfully execute our business plans and adversely affect our liquidity plans. We have seen a slowdown in the resistant hypertension market in Europe following the failure of a competitor's large randomized clinical trial, which was announced during the first quarter of 2014. We determined that additional clinical research was required before we pursue a large, global pivotal trial. We expect to fund these payments through cash on hand, cash from our continuing operations, and our revolving credit facility. We continue to assess certain litigation and claims to determine the amounts, if any, that management believes will be paid as a result of such claims and litigation and, therefore, additional losses may be accrued and paid in the future, which could materially adversely impact our operating results, cash flows, and/or our ability to comply with our debt covenants. We believe that our income tax reserves associated with these matters are adequate as of December 31, 2014. However, final resolution is uncertain and could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. We are involved in various legal and regulatory proceedings, including intellectual property, breach of contract, securities litigation, and product liability suits. In some cases, the claimants seek damages, as well as other relief, which, if granted, could require significant expenditures.