We believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and to our merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private label items. Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at the most competitive prices. We do not focus in the short term on maximizing prices that our members can be charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" - consistently providing the most competitive values. Our investments in merchandise pricing can, from time to time, include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members. We believe our gasoline business draws members to our warehouses, but it has a lower gross margin as a percentage of net sales relative to our non-gasoline business. A higher penetration of gasoline sales will generally lower our gross margin as a percentage of net sales. We also achieve sales growth by opening new warehouses. As our warehouse base grows, however, available and desirable potential sites become more difficult and potentially more expensive to secure, and square footage growth may become a comparatively less substantial component of sales growth. The negative aspects of such growth, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are increasingly less significant relative to the results of our total operations. Our membership format is an integral part of our business model and has a significant effect on our profitability. This format is designed to reinforce member loyalty and provide continuing fee revenue. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. Our financial performance also depends heavily on our ability to control costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area historically, some significant costs are partially outside our control, most particularly health care and utility expenses. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and other international operating segments. Certain countries in the other international segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower wages and benefit costs as a percentage of country sales, and/or less direct membership warehouse competition. Management believes that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our capital requirements for the foreseeable future. Our primary requirement for capital is the financing of land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. We opened 30 new warehouses and one new depot in 2014 and plan to open up to 35 new warehouses in 2015, including the relocation of four warehouses. These expenditures are expected to be financed with cash to be provided from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. Our cash flow provided by operations is primarily derived from net sales and membership fees. Our cash flow used in operations generally consists of payments to our merchandise vendors, warehouse operating costs including payroll and employee benefits, credit card processing fees, and utilities. We believe that our U.S. current and projected asset position is sufficient to meet our U.S. liquidity requirements and have no current plans to repatriate for use in the U.S. cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held by these non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries.