We manage R&D spending across our portfolio of molecules, and a delay in, or termination of, any one project will not necessarily cause a significant change in our total R&D spending. Due to the risks and uncertainties involved in the R&D process, we cannot reliably estimate the nature, timing, completion dates, and costs of the efforts necessary to complete the development of our R&D projects, nor can we reliably estimate the future potential revenue that will be generated from a successful R&D project. The process to bring a drug from the discovery phase to regulatory approval can take 12 to 15 years or longer and cost more than $1 billion. Failure can occur at any point in the process, including late in the process after substantial investment. Consequently, it is very difficult to predict which products will ultimately be approved. We recognized asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges of $468.7 million in 2014, which included severance costs related to ongoing efforts to reduce our cost structure and global workforce, as well as asset impairment costs associated with the closure of a manufacturing site in Puerto Rico. Our long-term success depends to a great extent on our ability to continue to discover and develop innovative pharmaceutical products and acquire or collaborate on molecules currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. The acquisition of Novartis Animal Health is expected to increase our animal health product portfolio, expand our global commercial presence, and augment our animal health manufacturing and research and development. We believe that amounts accessible through existing commercial paper markets should be adequate to fund short-term borrowing needs. We continue to monitor the potential impacts of the economic environment; the creditworthiness of our wholesalers and other customers, including foreign government-backed agencies and suppliers; the uncertain impact of health care legislation; and various international government funding levels. We address a portion of these risks through a controlled program of risk management that includes the use of derivative financial instruments. Our operations are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates and currency values. These fluctuations can vary the costs of financing, investing, and operating. We strive to achieve an acceptable balance between fixed and floating rate debt positions and may enter into interest rate derivatives to help maintain that balance. We face foreign currency exchange exposures primarily when we enter into transactions, generally on an intercompany basis, denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entity. We may enter into foreign currency forward or option derivative contracts to reduce the effect of fluctuating currency exchange rates. Our policy outlines the minimum and maximum hedge coverage of such exposures. We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The nature of the pharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects to build a successful portfolio of approved products. As such, it is likely that some acquired IPR&D assets will become impaired in the future. We also consider the insurance coverage we have to diminish the exposure for periods covered by insurance. The litigation accruals and environmental liabilities and the related estimated insurance recoverables have been reflected on a gross basis as liabilities and assets, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets. We recognize both accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.