Mastercard continues to monitor political and economic conditions around the world to identify opportunities for the continued growth of our business and to evaluate the evolution of the global payments industry. The competitive and evolving nature of the global payments industry provides both challenges to and opportunities for the continued growth of our business. Adverse economic trends, including distress in financial markets and turmoil in specific economies, have impacted the environment in which we operate. The significant concentration of our revenue generated in the United States makes our business particularly susceptible to adverse economic conditions in the United States. Our business and our customers' businesses are subject to regulation in many countries, and regulatory bodies may seek to impose rules and price controls on certain aspects of our business and the payments industry. Information security risks for global payments and technology companies such as Mastercard have significantly increased in recent years. Although we have not experienced any material impacts relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches to date, there can be no assurance that we will be immune to these risks in the future. The company generates the cash required to meet its liquidity needs through operations, and its existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities balances are considered sufficient to satisfy future operating cash needs, capital asset purchases, and other liquidity requirements. The company believes that its liquidity and access to capital could be negatively impacted by global credit market conditions and the outcome of any legal or regulatory proceedings. The company attempts to manage foreign currency exposures through its foreign exchange risk management activities. Mastercard's management uses non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate ongoing operations in relation to historical results, for internal planning and forecasting purposes, and in the calculation of performance-based compensation. The company recorded net income growth driven by higher net revenue and an improved effective tax rate, partially offset by increased operating expenses. The increase in personnel costs is attributed to the number of employees from acquired businesses and to support the company's strategic initiatives. The company has recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefits and estimates that the timing of these payments will depend on the progress of tax examinations with various authorities. The company has established detailed policies and control procedures to provide reasonable assurance that the methods used to make estimates and assumptions are well controlled and applied consistently. The company's estimates are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable but are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. The company evaluates goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis or sooner if indicators of impairment exist. The company's advertising and marketing strategy is to increase global brand awareness, preference, and usage through integrated advertising and sponsorships. The company’s operational management includes providing liquidity for general corporate purposes, including business continuity planning and related purposes. The company’s response mechanisms to various claims and legal proceedings involve regular reviews and assessments of potential financial exposure, with significant judgment required in determining probability and estimating exposure. The company’s strategic initiatives are aimed at enhancing its operational flexibility and ensuring performance maintenance under various pressures and constraints.