The increase in our international revenues was primarily due to the 134% growth in the average number of paid international memberships. We have demonstrated our ability to grow domestic streaming contribution margin as evidenced by the increase in contribution margin from 17% in 2012 to 27% in 2014. Our investments in content and marketing associated with the international streaming segment will continue to fluctuate dependent upon the number of international territories in which our streaming service is offered and the timing of the launch of new territories. The increase in domestic streaming revenues was due to the 22% growth in the average number of paid memberships, as well as to the 2% increase in average monthly revenue per paying member resulting from our price increase for new members in the second quarter of 2014 and introduction of the higher priced plan in 2013. The increase in international cost of revenues was primarily due to a $311.5 million increase in content expenses including content for our new markets as well as more exclusive and original programming. Our international streaming segment does not benefit from the established member base that exists for the domestic segments. As a result of having to build a member base from zero, investments in streaming content and marketing programs for our international segment are larger initially relative to revenues, in particular as new territories are launched. We expect to continue to increase domestic contribution margins over the next several years even with lower membership growth. We utilize both our own and third-party content delivery networks to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. The increase in domestic streaming cost of revenues was primarily due to the $242.3 million increase in content expenses relating to our existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming. Our domestic streaming segment had a contribution margin of 27% for the year ended December 31, 2014, which increased as compared to the contribution margin of 23% for the year ended December 31, 2013 due to growth in paid memberships and revenue, which continued to outpace content and marketing spending. The increase in marketing expenses was primarily due to an increase in advertising and public relations spending. Our ability to obtain financing will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We expect to significantly increase our investments in international expansion and in streaming content, particularly in original content. The expected timing of payments for streaming content obligations could range from less than one year to more than five years. Streaming content obligations increased $2.2 billion from $7.3 billion as of December 31, 2013 to $9.5 billion as of December 31, 2014 primarily due to multi-year commitments associated with our latest market launches in Europe and the continued expansion of our exclusive and original programming. We have entered into certain licenses with performing rights organizations, and are currently involved in negotiations with other organizations that hold certain rights to music and other entertainment works. The results of these negotiations are uncertain and may be materially different from management's estimates. Our primary uses of cash include content acquisition and licensing, streaming delivery, marketing programs and payroll. We may not be able to obtain such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. The increase in technology and development expenses was primarily due to an increase in personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense, resulting from an increase in compensation for existing employees and a growth in average headcount supporting continued improvements in our streaming service and our international expansion.