We are the world's largest provider of enterprise software and a leading provider of computer hardware products and services that are engineered to work together in the cloud and in the data center. Our offerings include Oracle database and middleware software, application software, cloud infrastructure, hardware systems, and related services. We develop and maintain our products and services to be enterprise-grade, reliable, secure, and interoperable while offering customers a choice in deployment models that best meet their information technology needs. An important element of our corporate strategy is to deliver reliable, secure, and scalable products and services that are built upon industry standards and are engineered to work together or independently, regardless of the deployment model selected. We believe that our investments in, and continued innovation with respect to, our software and cloud, hardware, and services businesses are the foundation of our long-term strategic plans. We have expanded our enterprise-grade cloud computing offerings through our continued investments in research and development and through targeted acquisitions to broaden our Oracle cloud offerings. Our cloud software subscriptions enable us to provide IT functionality that customers can use to manage critical business functions in a rapidly deployable delivery model with lower upfront customer investment. We designed our Oracle engineered systems to combine certain of our hardware and software offerings to increase computing performance relative to our competitors' products, creating cost efficiencies, time savings, and operational cost advantages for our customers. Our hardware products and services also help to meet customers' demands to manage growing amounts of data and business requirements to meet increasing compliance and regulatory demands and to reduce energy, space, and operational costs. We continue to evolve hardware systems support processes that are intended to proactively identify and solve quality issues and to increase the amount of new and renewed hardware systems support contracts sold in connection with the sales of our hardware systems products. Our active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy as it enhances the products and services that we can offer to customers, expands our customer base, provides greater scale to accelerate innovation, grows our revenues and earnings, and increases stockholder value. We believe we can fund our pending and future acquisitions with our internally available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings, or from the issuance of additional securities. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures, and contractual obligation requirements. We also believe we could fund any future acquisitions, dividend payments, and repurchases of common stock or debt with our internally available cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings, or from the issuance of additional securities. The complexity of the estimation process and factors relating to the assumptions, risks, and uncertainties inherent with the application of the proportional performance method of accounting affects the amounts of revenues and related expenses reported in our consolidated financial statements. We are committed to maintaining operational flexibility and resilience in the face of external pressures and environmental disruptions, ensuring that we can adapt to changing market conditions and continue to deliver value to our stakeholders.