We have pioneered the next-generation of enterprise security with our innovative platform that allows enterprises, service providers, and government entities to simultaneously empower and secure their organizations by safely enabling the increasingly complex and rapidly growing number of applications running on their networks and by preventing breaches stemming from targeted cyber attacks. Our enterprise security platform consists of three major elements: our next-generation firewall, our advanced endpoint protection, and our threat intelligence cloud. We derive revenue from sales of our products and services, which together comprise our platform. Our products are designed for different performance requirements throughout an organization, ranging from the PA-200, which is designed for enterprise remote offices, to the PA-7050, which is designed for data centers and high-speed networks. We continue to invest in innovation and strengthening our product portfolio, which resulted in several new product offerings during fiscal 2014. These new product offerings include the PA-7050 firewall with a throughput of 120 Mbps and the GP-100 mobile security management appliance. We intend to invest approximately $25.0 million in fiscal 2015 in research and development, customer support, and growing our advanced endpoint protection sales force. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, and focus on end-customer satisfaction. While these areas present significant opportunities for us, they also pose challenges and risks that we must successfully address in order to sustain the growth of our business and improve our operating results. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. We face intense competition in our market, and to succeed, we need to innovate and offer products that are differentiated from existing infrastructure products, as well as effectively hire, retain, train, and motivate qualified personnel and senior management. Our cash flow provided by operating activities is driven in large part by sales of our products and from up-front payments for both subscriptions and support and maintenance services. Monitoring cash flow provided by operating activities enables us to analyze our financial performance without the non-cash effects of certain items, thereby allowing us to better understand and manage the cash needs of our business. We monitor our deferred revenue balance because it represents a significant portion of revenue to be recognized in future periods. Our hybrid SaaS revenue model consists of product, subscriptions, and support and maintenance, which will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. The growth reflected increasing recurring revenue in our business model and rapid adoption of high-margin subscription services in our base of end-customers. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time depending on factors including the average sales price of our products, manufacturing costs, and the mix of revenue between products and services. Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, general and administrative expense, and legal settlement expense. We expect operating expenses to increase in absolute dollars, and decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. We regularly evaluate current information available to us to determine whether an accrual is required, an accrual should be adjusted, or a range of possible loss should be disclosed. We are vigorously defending our current litigation matters. However, there are many uncertainties associated with any litigation, and these actions or other third-party claims against us may cause us to incur substantial settlement charges, which could adversely affect our results of operations.