We believe the scale and quality of our operating platform, the skills of our team, and the strength of our balance sheet give us unique competitive advantages. Our plan to grow revenue, earnings, net operating income, cash flows, and core funds from operations is based on rising rents, value creation from development, and economies of scale from growth in assets under management. The operating fundamentals in the markets of our operating portfolio have been improving, which has positively impacted both occupancy and rental rates we have experienced, and has also fueled development activity. We believe we have the infrastructure and an acquisition pipeline that will allow us to increase our investments in real estate, with minimal increases to general and administrative expenses. We expect growth to continue as demand for logistics facilities is strong across the globe. We had positive rent change on rollovers during each quarter of 2014, ranging between 6.2% and 9.7%, and the fourth quarter marked the eighth consecutive quarter of positive rental increases. We believe a successful development program involves maintaining control of well-positioned land. Our land bank has the potential to support the development of nearly 180 million additional square feet, and we expect to realize this value going forward through development or land sales. We generated net proceeds and net gains from the contribution and disposition of real estate investments, driven by dispositions in the United States and contributions of stabilized properties in Japan and Mexico. We believe our ability to generate cash from operating activities, dispositions of properties, and from available financing sources is adequate to meet our anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend, and distribution requirements. We expect to fund our cash needs principally from fees earned for services performed on behalf of the co-investment ventures and distributions received from the co-investment ventures, proceeds from the disposition of properties, and borrowing capacity under our current credit facility arrangements. We manage our business on an owned and managed basis without regard to whether a particular property is wholly-owned or owned by one of our co-investment ventures. We evaluate the performance of the operating properties we own and manage using a "same store" analysis, which includes properties from our consolidated portfolio, as well as properties owned by the unconsolidated co-investment ventures that are managed by us. We recognize changes in rental income from certain contractual rent increases from our existing leases and from rent change on new leases. We have experienced an increase in rental rates on the turnover of existing leases for the last eight quarters that has resulted in higher average rental rates in our portfolio and increased rental income and net operating income as those leases commenced. We believe that the operating fundamentals of our owned and managed portfolio are consistent with those of our consolidated portfolio. We recognize that our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and maintain operational flexibility is essential for sustaining performance under pressure and ensuring organizational resilience in the face of external disturbances.