We are a holding company whose subsidiaries and affiliates are engaged in the manufacture and sale of cigarettes, other tobacco products, and other nicotine-containing products in markets outside the United States of America. We manage our business in four segments, and our products are sold in more than 180 markets, where they hold the number one or number two market share position. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates, and the mix of products we sell. We often collect excise taxes from our customers and then remit them to governments, and in those circumstances, we include the excise taxes in our net revenues. Our cost of sales consists principally of tobacco leaf, non-tobacco raw materials, labor, and manufacturing costs. Our marketing, administration, and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products, and costs incurred to develop new products. During 2014, we recorded pre-tax asset impairment and exit costs primarily related to factory closures and restructuring efforts. We expect to incur a total pre-tax charge for the total program. The effective income tax rate for 2014 was unfavorably impacted by asset impairment and exit costs related to the factory closures. The unfavorable currency impact during 2014 was due primarily to several international currencies. The increase in diluted EPS from our operations was due to higher pricing and equity income in unconsolidated subsidiaries, partially offset by higher manufacturing costs and unfavorable volume/mix. Our forecast for 2015 full-year reported diluted EPS includes incremental spending for our reduced-risk product, which will support our plans for national expansion and pilot launches in additional markets. This forecast does not include any share repurchases in 2015, and we will revisit the potential for repurchases as the year unfolds, depending on the currency environment. We define adjusted diluted EPS as reported diluted EPS adjusted for asset impairment and exit costs, discrete tax items, and unusual items. This measure represents core earnings and helps investors analyze business performance and trends. The factors described in risk factors represent continuing risks to this forecast. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is crucial for maintaining operational continuity and performance under pressure. We emphasize the importance of strategic initiatives and resilience strategies to navigate adverse conditions and ensure organizational effectiveness. The multifaceted nature of resilience reflects our capability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive changes, thereby supporting our organizational health and competitive advantage in turbulent markets.