The un-carrier proposition is an approach that seeks to listen to the customer, address their pain points, bring innovation to the industry, and improve the wireless experience for all. In practice, this means offering customers a great service on a nationwide LTE network, devices when and how they want them, and plans that are simple, affordable, and without unnecessary restrictions. Our ability to acquire and retain branded postpaid customers is important to our business in the generation of revenues. Improvements in branded postpaid net customer additions and churn were driven by the continued success of our un-carrier proposition and strong customer response to promotions. We expect further growth in our branded postpaid net customer additions as we continue to offer competitive pricing and improve our network and customer experience. We have continued to focus on retaining customers through churn reduction initiatives to improve customer experience. Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses and the construction, expansion, and upgrading of our network infrastructure. The success of our un-carrier proposition and continued modernization of our network has further repositioned T-Mobile to provide customers with an unrivaled customer experience, which requires substantial investment in our business. We expect our current sources of funding to be sufficient to meet the anticipated liquidity requirements of the company in the next 12 months and intend to use our current sources of funding for general corporate purposes, including capital investments, enhancing our financial flexibility, and opportunistically acquiring additional spectrum in private party transactions. We regularly review and update these projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, the competitive landscape, and other factors. There are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our financial and operating results and capital requirements to differ materially from our projections. We may seek to raise additional debt or equity capital to the extent our projections regarding our liquidity requirements change or on an opportunistic basis when there are favorable market conditions. In 2014, we entered into a two-year factoring arrangement to sell certain service accounts receivable on a revolving basis as an additional source of liquidity. Our most significant expenses are related to acquiring and retaining high-quality customers, compensating employees, and operating and expanding our network. We expect operating expenses will continue to increase to support our strong customer growth. The increase in cash flow provided by operating activities was driven by several factors, including increases in branded postpaid revenues due to our acceleration of customer growth partially offset by higher selling, general, and administrative costs and losses on equipment sales. We believe that our ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change is critical for survival, growth, and flourishing in a turbulent market. The improvements in branded postpaid phone churn were impacted by the continued success of our un-carrier initiatives resulting in increased customer loyalty. We are targeting 300 million people with LTE by the end of 2015, which reflects our commitment to operational flexibility and adaptability in response to market demands. The inclusion of MetroPCS operating results since the business combination in 2013 contributed significantly to our financial performance, demonstrating the importance of strategic initiatives and inter-organizational collaboration in enhancing organizational resilience.