We are engaged in a number of research and early-stage development programs, including programs in the areas of oncology and neurology. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. Our investments in drug candidates are subject to considerable risks, and we closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies, frequently evaluating our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. This process can result in abrupt changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs, as well as those of our competitors. Our marketing of pharmaceutical products is subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations. We have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent, and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems, and through the promotion of a culture of compliance. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to maintain, administer, and expand these compliance programs globally. We dedicate substantial management and other resources in order to obtain and maintain appropriate levels of reimbursement for our products from third-party payors, including governmental organizations in the United States and ex-U.S. markets. If lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor is approved, we will engage in discussions with numerous commercial insurers and managed health care organizations, along with government health programs that are typically managed by authorities in the individual states. We expect reimbursement discussions in ex-U.S. markets may take a significant period of time following obtaining marketing approval for the combination therapy. Our financial results and the commercial prospects for the drug candidate involved will be harmed if regulatory delays are significant or regulatory approval is limited or denied altogether. We have entered into certain research and development collaboration agreements with third parties that include the funding of certain development, manufacturing, and commercialization efforts with the potential for future milestone and royalty payments by us upon the achievement of pre-established developmental, regulatory, and/or commercial targets. Our obligation to fund these efforts is contingent upon continued involvement in the programs and/or the lack of any adverse events that could cause the discontinuance of the programs. We believe that the following effects of the consolidation and deconsolidation of variable interest entities on our consolidated financial statements are the most significant. We have maintained a substantial investment in research activities resulting in a 10% increase in research expenses in 2014 as compared to 2013 and a 9% increase in research expenses in 2013 as compared to 2012. We expect to continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on identifying drug candidates for specialty markets. We expect that cash flows from kalydeco together with our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. The adequacy of our available funds to meet our future operating and capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the amounts of future revenues generated by kalydeco, potential revenues from lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor, and the potential introduction of one or more of our other drug candidates to the market, and the number, breadth, cost, and prospects of our research and development programs. We will continue to manage our capital structure and to consider all financing opportunities that could strengthen our long-term liquidity profile. We review our estimates and assumptions on at least a quarterly basis and will make whatever modifications we believe are necessary to reflect any changed circumstances.