furthermore, we face risks in successfully integrating any businesses we might acquire or create through a joint venture. ongoing business may be disrupted, and our management's attention may be diverted by acquisition, investment, transition or integration activities. in addition, we might need to dedicate additional management and other resources, and our organizational structure could make it difficult for us to efficiently integrate acquired businesses into our ongoing operations and assimilate and retain employees of those businesses into our culture and operations. the potential loss of key executives, employees, customers, suppliers, vendors and other business partners of businesses we acquire may adversely impact the value of the assets, operations or businesses. furthermore, acquisitions or joint ventures may result in significant costs and expenses, including those related to retention payments, equity compensation, severance pay, early retirement costs, intangible asset amortization and asset impairment charges, assumed litigation and other liabilities, and legal, accounting and financial advisory fees, which could negatively affect our profitability. we may have difficulties as a result of entering into new markets where we have limited or no direct prior experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions.
if we are unable to manage the organizational challenges associated with our size, we might be unable to achieve our business objectives.
as of august 31, 2017, we had approximately 425,000 employees worldwide. our size and scale present significant management and organizational challenges. it might become increasingly difficult to maintain effective standards across a large enterprise and effectively institutionalize our knowledge. it might also become more difficult to maintain our culture, effectively manage and monitor our personnel and operations and effectively communicate our core values, policies and procedures, strategies and goals, particularly given our world-wide operations. the size and scope of our operations increase the possibility that we will have employees who engage in unlawful or fraudulent activity, or otherwise expose us to unacceptable business risks, despite our efforts to train them and maintain internal controls to prevent such instances. for example, employee misconduct could involve the improper use of our clients' sensitive or confidential information or the failure to comply with legislation or regulations regarding the protection of sensitive or confidential information. furthermore, the inappropriate use of social networking sites by our employees could result in breaches of confidentiality, unauthorized disclosure of non-public company information or damage to our reputation. if we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our enterprise and instill our culture and core values into all of our employees, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. in addition, from time to time, we have made, and may continue to make, changes to our operating model, including how we are organized, as the needs and size of our business change, and if we do not successfully implement the changes, our business and results of operation may be negatively impacted.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests reflects the income earned or expense incurred attributable to the equity interest that some current and former members of accenture leadership and their permitted transferees have in our accenture holdings plc and accenture canada holdings inc. subsidiaries. see "business-organizational structure." net income attributable to accenture plc represents the income attributable to the shareholders of accenture plc. noncontrolling interests also includes amounts primarily attributable to noncontrolling shareholders in our avanade inc. subsidiary.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests reflects the income earned or expense incurred attributable to the equity interest that some current and former members of accenture leadership and their permitted transferees have in our accenture holdings plc and accenture canada holdings inc. subsidiaries. see "business-organizational structure." net income attributable to accenture plc represents the income attributable to the shareholders of accenture plc. noncontrolling interests also includes amounts primarily attributable to noncontrolling shareholders in our avanade inc. subsidiary.