item 1a: risk factors our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively.
all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services and entertainment, news and information content to consumers. online distribution platforms are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape and influencing consumer behavior, which is discussed in the risk factor immediately below under the heading "changes in consumer behavior driven by online distribution platforms for viewing content could adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models."
competition for our cable services consists primarily of dbs providers and phone companies with fiber-based networks that typically offer features, pricing and packaging for services comparable to ours. some of these competitors are also offering smaller packages of channels at price points lower than our standard packages, both through traditional and online distribution platforms, which could cause us to offer more customized programming packages that may be less profitable. at&t, our largest phone company competitor, acquired directv, the nation's largest dbs provider, in 2015 to create an even larger competitor, and in 2016, announced a proposed merger with time warner, a media and entertainment company. if consolidation between phone companies (which are also wireless distributors) and content providers occurs, some of our competitors may offer free or lower cost streaming services for viewing their content through unlimited data-usage plans for their internet or wireless phone services. additional companies, some with significant financial resources, continue to enter or are seeking to enter the video distribution market, primarily by offering internet streaming and downloading of video programming.
wireless internet services, such as 3g and 4g, and in the near future 5g, wireless broadband services and wi-fi networks, and devices such as smartphones, tablets, wireless data cards, and mobile wireless routers that connect to such devices, may compete with our high-speed internet services. our wireline voice services are facing increased competition as customers replace wireline phones with wireless and internet-based phone services.
our cable communications business continues to seek ways to enhance the value of our cable services network, such as by growing our high-speed internet services and business services and by launching additional services, such as our security and automation services. there can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our cable communications segment revenue, maintain our cable communications segment operating margin or to compete successfully in the future.
each of nbcuniversal's businesses also faces substantial and increasing competition from providers of similar types of content, as well as from other forms of entertainment and recreational activities. nbcuniversal must compete to obtain talent, content and other resources required in operating these businesses.
the ability of all of our businesses to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, investors and government authorities. our ability to compete may be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience.
there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively against existing or newer competitors or that competition will not have an adverse effect on our businesses. for a more detailed description of the competition facing our businesses, see item 1: business and refer to the "competition" discussion within that section.
20      comcast 2017 annual report on form 10-k changes in consumer behavior driven by online distribution platforms for viewing content could adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models.
distribution platforms for viewing and purchasing content over the internet have been, and will likely continue to be, developed that further increase the number of competitors that all our businesses face and challenge existing business models. these distribution platforms are driving changes in consumer behavior as consumers seek more control over when, where and how they consume content and access communications services.
consumers are increasingly turning to online sources for viewing and purchasing content, which has and likely will continue to reduce the number of our video customers and subscribers to our cable networks even as it makes our high-speed internet services more important to consumers. while we are attempting to adapt our video service offerings to changing consumer behaviors, for example, by deploying our x1 platform and cloud dvr technology and adding apps such as netflix on our x1 set-top boxes, virtual multichannel video providers, subscription video on demand services and programming networks that provide content directly to consumers over the internet continue to gain consumer acceptance. many of these service offerings charge no fee or a lower fee than our traditional video packages for access to their content, which could have an adverse effect on demand for our video services, including for expanded video packages, premium networks, and our dvr and on demand services.
an increasing number of companies offering subscription video on demand services, including some that also offer exclusive high-quality original video programming, as well as programming networks offering content directly to consumers over the internet, have increased the number of entertainment choices available to consumers, which has intensified audience fragmentation. the increase in entertainment choices adversely affects the audience ratings of our cable networks and broadcast television programming. time-shifting technologies, such as video on demand services and dvr and cloud-based recording services, also reduce the viewing of content through traditional and virtual multichannel video providers, which has caused and likely will continue to cause audience ratings declines for our cable networks and broadcast television programming and may adversely affect the price and amount of advertising that advertisers are willing to purchase from us and the amount nbcuniversal receives for distribution of its content.
the success of any of these ongoing or future developments or our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior, including among younger consumers, could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses and results of operations.
a decline in advertisers' expenditures or changes in advertising markets could negatively impact our businesses.
our cable communications, cable networks and broadcast television businesses compete for the sale of advertising time with other television networks and stations, as well as with all other advertising platforms, such as digital media, radio and print. we derive substantial revenue from the sale of advertising, and a decline in expenditures by advertisers, including through traditional linear television distribution models, could negatively impact our results of operations. declines can be caused by the economic prospects of specific advertisers or industries, increased competition for the leisure time of viewers and audience fragmentation, the growing use of new technologies and online distribution platforms, or the economy in general. in addition, advertisers' willingness to purchase advertising from us may be adversely affected by lower audience ratings, which many of our networks have experienced and likely will continue to experience. advertising sales and rates also are dependent on the methodology used for audience measurement and could be negatively affected if methodologies do not accurately reflect actual viewership levels. for example, certain methods of viewing content, such as viewing content through many online distribution platforms or delayed viewing on dvrs, might not be counted in audience measurements or may generate less, if any, revenue than traditional linear television distribution methods, which could have an adverse effect on our advertising revenue.
our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments.
our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors' use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. for example, current and new wireless internet technologies such as 4g and 5g wireless broadband services continue to evolve rapidly to allow for greater speed and reliability, and some companies and municipalities are building advanced fiber-based networks that provide very fast internet access speeds. we expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future. if we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. we also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, such as the deployment of docsis 3.1 and docsis fdx and the continued development of our x1 set-top boxes, cloud dvr and wireless gateways. there can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue or to compete successfully in the future. we also may generate less revenue or incur increased costs if changes in our competitors' product offerings require that we offer certain of our existing services or enhancements at a lower or no cost to our customers or that we make additional research and development expenditures.
we are subject to regulation by federal, state, local and foreign authorities, which impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses.
federal, state and local governments extensively regulate the video, high-speed internet and voice services industries. our broadcast television business is also highly regulated by federal laws and regulations. our cable networks, filmed entertainment and theme parks businesses are also subject to various other laws and regulations at the international, federal, state and local levels. in addition, we are subject to conditions relating to the treatment of competitors and other matters set forth in the nbcuniversal consent decree, which is currently scheduled to expire in september 2018. the fcc and certain states also have been active in conducting inquiries and reviews, regarding our services, and this trend may continue. failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could result in administrative enforcement actions, fines, and civil and criminal liability.
legislators and regulators at all levels of government frequently consider changing, and sometimes do change, existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or prescribe new ones, which may significantly affect our businesses. any future legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative actions may increase our costs or impose additional restrictions on our businesses, some of which may be significant. congress may consider proposals to address communications issues, including whether it should rewrite the entire communications act to account for changes in the communications marketplace, whether it should enact new, permanent open internet requirements, and whether it should fund new broadband infrastructure. we are unable to predict the effects of any of these or any other further legislative requirements on our businesses. any changes to the legal and regulatory framework applicable to any of our services or businesses could have an adverse impact on our businesses and results of operations. for a more extensive discussion of the significant risks associated with the regulation of our businesses, see item 1: business and refer to the "legislation and regulation" discussion within that section.
programming expenses for our video services are increasing, which could adversely affect our cable communications segment's video business.
we expect programming expenses for our video services to continue to be our cable communications segment's largest single expense item and to increase for the foreseeable future. the multichannel video provider industry has experienced continued increases in the cost of programming, especially sports programming, which we expect will continue for the foreseeable future. our programming expenses may also increase as we add programming to our video services or distribute existing programming to more of our customers or through additional delivery platforms, such as on demand or streaming services. additionally, in the past few years, we have begun paying certain local broadcast television stations in exchange for their required consent for the retransmission of broadcast network programming to our video services customers; we expect to continue to be subject to increasing demands for payment and other concessions from local broadcast television stations. these market factors may be exacerbated by increased consolidation in the media industry, which may further increase our programming expenses. if we are unable to raise our customers' rates or offset programming cost increases through the sale of additional services or cost management initiatives, the increasing cost of programming could have an adverse effect on our cable communications segment's results of operations. moreover, as our contracts with content providers expire, there can be no assurance that they will be renewed on acceptable terms or that they will be renewed at all, in which case we may be unable to provide such content as part of our video services, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected.
nbcuniversal's success depends on consumer acceptance of its content, and its businesses may be adversely affected if its content fails to achieve sufficient consumer acceptance or the costs to create or acquire content increase.
most of nbcuniversal's businesses create and acquire media and entertainment content, the success of which depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. the success of these businesses depends on our ability to consistently create, acquire, market and distribute cable network and broadcast television programming, filmed entertainment, theme park attractions and other content that meet the changing preferences of the broad domestic and international consumer markets. we have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial amounts in our content, including in the production of original content on our cable networks and broadcast television networks, in our films and for theme park attractions, before learning the extent to which it would earn consumer acceptance.
we also obtain a significant portion of our content from third parties, such as movie studios, television production companies, sports organizations and other suppliers. competition for popular content, particularly for sports programming, is intense, and we may have to increase the price we are willing to pay or be outbid by our competitors for popular content. entering into or renewing contracts for such programming rights or acquiring additional rights may result in significantly increased costs. particularly with respect to long-term contracts for sports programming rights, our results of operations and cash flows over the term of a contract depend on a number of factors, including the strength of the advertising market, our audience size, the ability to secure distribution from and impose surcharges or obtain carriage on multichannel video providers for the content, and the timing and amount of our rights payments. there can be no assurance that revenue from these contracts will exceed our costs for the rights, as well as the
22      comcast 2017 annual report on form 10-k other costs of producing and distributing the programming. if our content does not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, or if we cannot obtain or retain rights to popular content on acceptable terms, or at all, our businesses may be adversely affected.
the loss of nbcuniversal's programming distribution agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could adversely affect its businesses.
our cable networks depend on their ability to secure and maintain distribution agreements with traditional and virtual multichannel video providers. increasingly, our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses are also entering into agreements to license their prior season and library content on other distribution platforms, including subscription video on demand services. if our programming does not attract sufficient viewers, traditional and virtual multichannel video providers may decide not to distribute our broadcast and cable networks, and subscription video on demand services may not license programming we create. in addition, the number of subscribers to our cable networks may be reduced as a result of multichannel video providers offering smaller packages of channels as part of their virtual or traditional television programming packages and by overall reduced viewing of television programming through multichannel video providers. our broadcast television networks depend on their ability to secure and maintain network affiliation agreements with third-party local broadcast television stations in the markets where we do not own the affiliated local broadcast television station. in addition, every three years, each of our owned local broadcast television stations must elect, with respect to its retransmission by multichannel video providers within its dma, either "must-carry" status, in which the distributor's carriage of the station is mandatory and does not generate any compensation for the local station, or "retransmission consent," in which the station gives up its right to mandatory carriage and instead seeks to negotiate the terms and conditions of carriage with the distributor, including the amount of compensation, if any, paid to the station by such distributor. for the current three-year period, which commenced on january 1, 2018, all of our owned nbc broadcast television stations and our owned telemundo broadcast television stations elected retransmission consent. however, certain illegal online entities may stream our broadcast television content online without our consent and without paying any compensation to us. there can be no assurance that any of our distribution agreements will be renewed in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. the loss of any of these agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could reduce nbcuniversal's revenue and the reach of our television programming and its attractiveness to advertisers, which in turn could adversely affect our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses.
we rely on network and information systems and other technologies, as well as key properties, and a disruption, cyber attack, failure or destruction of such networks, systems, technologies or properties may disrupt our businesses.
network and information systems and other technologies, including those related to our network management, customer service operations, and programming delivery, and technology embedded in our products and services, are critical to our business activities. cyber threats and attacks are directed at both known and newly discovered software and hardware vulnerabilities and are constantly evolving, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. cyber threats and attacks can have cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across networks, information systems and other technologies. network, information systems and technology-related events, including those caused by us, such as process breakdowns, security architecture or design vulnerabilities, or by third parties, such as computer hackings, cyber attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing, or power outages, natural disasters, infectious disease outbreaks, terrorist attacks or other similar events, could result in a degradation or disruption of our products and services, excessive call volume to call centers, theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets, a reduction in demand for our theme parks, disruption of the security of our internal systems and products and services, the compromise of confidential or technical business information or damage to our equipment, data, properties and reputation. these events also could result in large expenditures to repair or replace the damaged properties, products, services, networks or information systems to protect them from similar events in the future, and any such events could lead to litigation or otherwise have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
in addition, we may obtain certain confidential, proprietary and personal information about our customers, personnel and vendors, and may provide this information to third parties, in connection with our business. while we obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information, there is a risk that this information may be compromised. any security breaches, such as misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information maintained in our information technology systems, including customer, personnel and vendor data, could damage our reputation and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach, could lead to litigation or could cause regulators to impose fines or other remedies for failure to comply with relevant customer privacy rules.
the risk of these systems-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify in many of our businesses, and our businesses may be at a disproportionately heightened risk of these events occurring, due to the nature of our businesses and the fact that we maintain certain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form. in the ordinary course of our business, there are frequent attempts to cause such systems-related events and security breaches, and we have experienced minor systems-related events that, to date, have not resulted in any significant degradation or disruption to our network or information systems comcast 2017 annual report on form 10-k   23
or our products, services or operations. while we develop and maintain systems, and operate an extensive security program, seeking to prevent systems-related events and security breaches from occurring, the development, maintenance and operation of these systems and programs is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. despite our efforts to prevent these events and security breaches, there can be no assurance that they will not occur in the future or will not have an adverse effect on our businesses. moreover, the amount and scope of insurance we maintain against losses resulting from any such events or security breaches likely would not be sufficient to cover our losses or otherwise adequately compensate us for any disruptions to our business that may result, and the occurrence of any such events or security breaches could have an adverse effect on our business.
our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others.
we rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other third parties, to use various technologies, conduct our operations and sell our products and services. legal challenges to our intellectual property rights and claims of intellectual property infringement by third parties could require that we enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability, or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question, from importing into the united states hardware that uses such intellectual property or from the continuation of our businesses as currently conducted. we may need to change our business practices if any of these events occur, which may limit our ability to compete effectively and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. even if we believe any such challenges or claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management's attention and resources away from our businesses. moreover, if we are unable to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from our vendors and other third parties on reasonable terms, our businesses could be adversely affected.
in addition, intellectual property constitutes a significant part of the value of nbcuniversal's businesses, and its success is highly dependent on protecting the intellectual property rights of the content it creates or acquires against third-party misappropriation, reproduction or infringement. the unauthorized reproduction, distribution or display of copyrighted material negatively affects our ability to generate revenue from the legitimate sale of our content, as well as from the sale of advertising in connection with our content, and increases our costs due to our active enforcement of our intellectual property rights.
piracy and other unauthorized uses of content are made easier, and the enforcement of intellectual property rights more challenging, by technological advances that allow the conversion of programming, films and other content into digital formats, which facilitates the creation, transmission and sharing of high-quality unauthorized copies. in particular, piracy of programming and films through unauthorized distribution on dvds, peer-to-peer computer networks and other platforms continues to present challenges for our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses. while piracy is a challenge in the united states, it is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack developed copyright laws, effective enforcement of copyright laws and technical protective measures like those in effect in the united states. if any u.s. or international laws intended to combat piracy and protect intellectual property rights are repealed or weakened or are not adequately enforced, or if the legal system fails to adapt to new technologies that facilitate piracy, we may be unable to effectively protect our rights, the value of our intellectual property may be negatively impacted and our costs of enforcing our rights may increase. see item 1: business and refer to the "legislation and regulation - other areas of regulation - intellectual property" discussion for additional information.
we may be unable to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support.
we depend on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide certain of our services. some of these vendors represent our primary source of supply or grant us the right to incorporate their intellectual property into some of our hardware and software products. while we actively monitor the operations and financial condition of key vendors in an attempt to detect any potential difficulties, there can be no assurance that we would timely identify any operating or financial difficulties associated with these vendors or that we could effectively mitigate our risks with respect to any such difficulties. if any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties, if our demand exceeds their capacity or if they are otherwise unable to meet our specifications or provide the equipment or services we need in a timely manner or at reasonable prices, our ability to provide some services may be adversely affected.
weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our businesses.
a substantial portion of our revenue comes from customers whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. weak economic conditions could adversely affect demand for any of our products and services and have a negative impact on our results of operations. for example, customers may reduce the level of cable services to which they subscribe, or may discontinue subscribing to one or more of our cable services. this risk may be increased by the expanded availability of free or lower cost competitive services, such as subscription video on demand services, or substitute services for our high-speed internet and voice services, such as mobile phones, smartphones and wi-fi networks. weak economic conditions also may have a negative
24      comcast 2017 annual report on form 10-k impact on our advertising revenue, the performance of our films and home entertainment releases, and attendance and spending in our theme parks. weak economic conditions and turmoil in the global financial markets may also impair the ability of third parties to satisfy their obligations to us, and any disruption in the global financial markets may affect our ability to obtain financing or refinance any existing debt on acceptable terms.
acquisitions and other strategic initiatives present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that we had contemplated.
from time to time, we make acquisitions and investments and may pursue other strategic initiatives. in connection with such acquisitions and strategic initiatives, we may incur unanticipated expenses, fail to realize anticipated benefits, have difficulty incorporating an acquired or new line of business, disrupt relationships with current and new employees, customers and vendors, incur significant debt, or have to delay or not proceed with announced transactions or initiatives. for example, our launch of a wireless phone service in 2017 using virtual network operator rights has success-based working capital requirements, primarily associated with the procurement of handsets, which customers are able to pay for upfront or finance interest-free over 24 months, and other equipment, which could have negative effects on our cash flows. additionally, regulatory agencies, such as the fcc or doj, may impose restrictions on the operation of our businesses as a result of our seeking regulatory approvals for any significant acquisitions and strategic initiatives, or may dissuade us from pursing certain transactions. the occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our businesses.
labor disputes, whether involving employees or sports organizations, may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our businesses.
many of nbcuniversal's employees, including writers, directors, actors, technical and production personnel and others, as well as some of our on-air and creative talent employees, are covered by collective bargaining agreements or works councils. most of nbcuniversal's collective bargaining agreements are industry-wide agreements, and we may lack practical control over the negotiations and terms of the agreements. if we are unable to reach agreement with a labor union before the expiration of a collective bargaining agreement, our employees who were covered by that agreement may have a right to strike or take other actions that could adversely affect us, which could disrupt our operations and reduce our revenue, and the resolution of any disputes may increase our costs. there can be no assurance that we will renew our collective bargaining agreements as they expire or that we can renew them on favorable terms or without any work stoppages.
in addition, our cable networks and broadcast television networks have programming rights agreements of varying scope and duration with various sports organizations to broadcast and produce sporting events, including certain nfl, nhl, nba and mlb games. labor disputes in these and other sports organizations could have an adverse effect on our businesses.
the loss of key management personnel or popular on-air and creative talent could have an adverse effect on our businesses.
we rely on certain key management personnel in the operation of our businesses. while we maintain long-term and emergency transition plans for key management personnel and believe we could either identify internal candidates or attract outside candidates to fill any vacancy created by the loss of any key management personnel, the loss of one or more of our key management personnel could have a negative impact on our businesses. in addition, our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses depend on the abilities and expertise of our on-air and creative talent. if we fail to retain our on-air or creative talent, if the costs to retain such talent increase materially, if we need to make significant termination payments, or if these individuals lose their current appeal, our businesses could be adversely affected.
we face risks relating to doing business internationally that could adversely affect our businesses.
we, primarily through nbcuniversal, operate our businesses worldwide. there are risks inherent in doing business internationally, including global financial market turmoil; economic volatility and global economic slowdown; currency exchange rate fluctuations and inflationary pressures; the requirements of local laws and customs relating to the publication and distribution of content and the display and sale of advertising; import or export restrictions and changes in trade regulations; difficulties in developing, staffing and managing foreign operations; issues related to occupational safety and adherence to diverse local labor laws and regulations; and potentially adverse tax developments. in addition, doing business internationally subjects us to risks relating to political or social unrest, as well as corruption and government regulation, including u.s. laws such as the foreign corrupt practices act, that impose stringent requirements on how we conduct our foreign operations. if any of these events occur, our businesses may be adversely affected.
our class b common stock has substantial voting rights and separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, and our chairman and ceo has considerable influence over our company through his beneficial ownership of our class b common stock.
our class b common stock has a non-dilutable 33 1/3% of the combined voting power of our class a and class b common stock. this non-dilutable voting power is subject to proportional decrease to the extent the number of shares of class b common stock is reduced below 9,444,375, which was the number of shares of class b common stock outstanding on the date of our 2002 acquisition of at&t corp.'s cable business, subject to adjustment in specified situations. stock dividends payable on the class b common stock in the form of class b or class a common stock do not decrease the non-dilutable voting power of the class b common stock. the class b common stock also has separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, even if they are approved by our board of directors or by our other shareholders and even if they might be in the best interests of our other shareholders. these potentially material transactions include mergers or consolidations involving us, transactions (such as a sale of all or substantially all of our assets) or issuances of securities that require shareholder approval, transactions that result in any person or group owning shares representing more than 10% of the combined voting power of the resulting or surviving corporation, issuances of class b common stock or securities exercisable or convertible into class b common stock, and amendments to our articles of incorporation or by-laws that would limit the rights of holders of our class b common stock. brian l. roberts, our chairman and ceo, beneficially owns all of the outstanding shares of our class b common stock and, accordingly, has considerable influence over our company and the potential ability to transfer effective control by selling the class b common stock, which could be at a premium.
item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction and overview we are a global media and technology company with two primary businesses, comcast cable and nbcuniversal. we present our operations for comcast cable in one reportable business segment, referred to as cable communications, and our operations for nbcuniversal in four reportable business segments: cable networks, broadcast television, filmed entertainment and theme parks (collectively, the "nbcuniversal segments").
the following provides an overview of our businesses.
(a)   adjusted ebitda is a performance measure that is not defined by generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap"). refer to the "non-gaap financial measure" section on page 50 for additional information, including our definition and our use of adjusted ebitda, and for a reconciliation from net income attributable to comcast corporation to adjusted ebitda.
2017 consolidated operating results by segment(a)
(a)   charts exclude the results of nbcuniversal headquarters and other, corporate and other, and eliminations.
32      comcast 2017 annual report on form 10-k cable communications segment comcast cable is one of the nation's largest providers of video, high-speed internet, voice, and security and automation services ("cable services") to residential customers under the xfinity brand; we also provide these and other services to business customers and sell advertising. as of december 31, 2017, our cable systems had 29.3 million total customer relationships, including 27.2 million residential customer relationships and 2.2 million business customer relationships, and passed more than 57 million homes and businesses.
our cable communications segment generates revenue primarily from residential and business customers that subscribe to our cable services, which we market individually and as bundled services, and from the sale of advertising. customers are typically billed in advance on a monthly basis based on the services and features they receive and the types of equipment they use. a portion of our residential customers are subject to minimum-term contracts for their cable services, which are typically 2 years in length. substantially all of our business customers are initially under minimum-term contracts, which typically range from 2 to 5 years. customers with minimum-term contracts may only discontinue service in accordance with the terms of their contracts.
nbcuniversal segments nbcuniversal is one of the world's leading media and entertainment companies that develops, produces and distributes entertainment, news and information, sports, and other content for global audiences, and owns and operates theme parks worldwide.
cable networks our cable networks segment consists primarily of a diversified portfolio of cable television networks. our cable networks are comprised of our national cable entertainment networks (usa network, e!, syfy, bravo, oxygen and universal kids), our national cable news and information networks (msnbc, cnbc and cnbc world), our national cable sports networks (nbc sports network, golf channel and olympic channel), our regional sports and news networks, our international cable networks, our cable television studio production operations, and our various digital properties.
our cable networks segment generates revenue primarily from the distribution and licensing of its programming and from the sale of advertising on its networks and digital properties.
broadcast television our broadcast television segment consists primarily of the nbc and telemundo broadcast television networks, our nbc and telemundo owned local broadcast television stations, the nbc universo national cable network, our broadcast television studio production operations, and our various digital properties.
our broadcast television segment generates revenue primarily from the sale of advertising on its networks and digital properties, from the licensing of its programming, and from the fees received under retransmission consent agreements and associated fees received from nbc-affiliated local broadcast television stations.
filmed entertainment our filmed entertainment segment primarily produces, acquires, markets and distributes filmed entertainment worldwide. our films are produced primarily under the universal pictures, illumination, dreamworks animation and focus features names.
our filmed entertainment segment generates revenue primarily from the worldwide distribution of films we produce or acquire for exhibition in movie theaters and from the licensing and sale of produced and acquired films.
theme parks our theme parks segment consists primarily of our universal theme parks in orlando, florida; hollywood, california; and osaka, japan. in addition, along with a consortium of chinese state-owned companies, we are developing a theme park in china.
corporate and other our other business interests consist primarily of the operations of comcast spectacor, which owns the philadelphia flyers and the wells fargo center arena in philadelphia, pennsylvania and operates arena management-related businesses.
we are also pursuing other business development initiatives, such as our wireless phone service that we launched in the second quarter of 2017 using our virtual network operator rights to provide the service over verizon's wireless network and our existing network of in-home and outdoor wi-fi hotspots. we offer the wireless phone service only as part of our bundled service offerings to residential customers that subscribe to our high-speed internet service within our cable distribution footprint and may in the future also offer wireless phone service to our small business customers on similar terms. the wireless phone service has success-based working capital requirements, primarily associated with the procurement of handsets, which customers are able to pay for upfront or finance interest-free over 24 months, and other equipment.
2017 developments the following are the more significant developments in our businesses during 2017:
•   an increase in revenue of 4.9% to $52.5 billion and an increase in adjusted ebitda of 5.3% to $21.2 billion
•   an increase in operating margin from 40.2% to 40.3% that reflects increases in high-speed internet, video and business services revenue, offset by higher programming expenses
•   an increase in capital expenditures of 4.7% to $8.0 billion that reflects:
•   increased investments in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity;
•   increased investments in line extensions, primarily for the expansion of our business services; and
•   decreased spending on customer premise equipment nbcuniversal segments
•   an increase in total nbcuniversal revenue of 4.4% to $33.0 billion; total nbcuniversal revenue increased 10.1% excluding $1.6 billion of revenue associated with our broadcast of the rio olympics in august 2016
•   an increase in total nbcuniversal adjusted ebitda of 14.1% to $8.2 billion
•   an increase in cable networks segment revenue of 1.6% and a decrease in broadcast television segment revenue of 5.9%, including the impact of our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics; excluding revenue associated with the olympics, cable networks and broadcast television segments revenue increased 6.0% and 6.6%, respectively, primarily due to increases in distribution revenue
•   an increase in filmed entertainment segment revenue of 20.4% primarily due to the success of the fate of the furious, despicable me 3 and fifty shades darker
•   an increase in theme parks segment revenue of 10.0% reflecting the continued success of the wizarding world of harry pottertm attraction in hollywood, which opened in april 2016, and the openings of minion parktm in japan in april 2017 and volcano baytm in orlando in may 2017
•   the acquisition of the remaining interests in universal studios japan that we did not already own for $2.3 billion corporate and other
•   the launch of our wireless phone service in the second quarter of 2017 to our residential cable customers
•   the acquisition of rights to $1.7 billion of spectrum, as well as the receipt of proceeds of $482 million related to nbcuniversal's relinquishment of spectrum rights
•   cash capital contributions to atairos totaling $994 million, which brought our investment in atairos to $2.4 billion as of december 31, 2017
•   the enactment of new federal tax reform legislation in december 2017 which, among other things, reduced the federal corporate tax rate to 21% from 35%, effective january 1, 2018, resulting in a $12.7 billion net income tax benefit recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017 primarily due to a reduction of our net deferred tax liability competition the results of operations of our reportable business segments are affected by competition, as all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services and entertainment, news and information content to consumers. technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape and challenging existing business models. in particular, consumers are increasingly turning to online sources for viewing and purchasing content, which has and likely will continue to reduce the number of our video customers and subscribers to our cable networks even as it makes our high-speed internet services more valuable to consumers. in addition, the increasing number of entertainment choices available has intensified audience fragmentation, which has and likely will continue to adversely affect the audience ratings of our cable networks and broadcast television programming.
for additional information on the competition our businesses face, see item 1: business and item 1a: risk factors. within the business section, refer to the "competition" discussion, and within the risk factors section, refer to the risk factors entitled "our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively" and "changes in consumer behavior driven by online distribution platforms for viewing content could adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models."
34      comcast 2017 annual report on form 10-k seasonality and cyclicality each of our businesses is subject to seasonal and cyclical variations. in our cable communications segment, our results are impacted by the seasonal nature of residential customers receiving our cable services in college and vacation markets. this generally results in fewer net customer relationship additions in the second quarter of each year.
revenue in our cable communications, cable networks and broadcast television segments is subject to cyclical advertising patterns and changes in viewership levels. advertising revenue in the u.s. is generally higher in the second and fourth quarters of each year, due in part to increases in consumer advertising in the spring and in the period leading up to and including the holiday season. advertising revenue in the u.s. is also cyclical, with a benefit in even-numbered years due to advertising related to candidates running for political office and issue-oriented advertising. revenue in our cable networks and broadcast television segments fluctuates depending on the timing of when our programming is aired, which typically results in higher advertising revenue in the second and fourth quarters of each year.
our revenue and operating costs and expenses (comprised of total costs and expenses, excluding depreciation and amortization expense and other operating gains) are cyclical as a result of our periodic broadcasts of major sporting events, such as the olympic games, which affect our cable networks and broadcast television segments, and the super bowl, which affects our broadcast television segment. in particular, our advertising revenue increases due to increased demand for advertising time and our distribution revenue increases in the period of these broadcasts. our operating costs and expenses also increase as a result of our production costs for these broadcasts and the amortization of the related rights fees.
revenue in our filmed entertainment segment fluctuates due to the timing, nature and number of films released in movie theaters, on standard-definition digital video discs and blu-ray discs (together, "dvds"), and through various other distribution platforms. release dates are determined by several factors, including competition and the timing of vacation and holiday periods. as a result, revenue tends to be seasonal, with increases experienced each year during the summer months and around the holiday season. content licensing revenue in our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment segments also fluctuates due to the timing of when our content is made available to licensees.
revenue in our theme parks segment fluctuates with changes in theme park attendance that result from the seasonal nature of vacation travel and weather variations, local entertainment offerings and the opening of new attractions as well as with changes in currency exchange rates. our theme parks generally experience peak attendance during the spring holiday period, the summer months when schools are closed and the holiday season.
consolidated operating results year ended december 31 (in millions)                                                                        2017            2016            2015            % change            % change other operating and administrative                                                                        25,013          23,416          21,325                 6.8                 9.8
advertising, marketing and promotion                                                                       6,317           6,107           5,957                 3.4                 2.5
other operating gains                                                                                       (442   )           -               -                  nm                  nm operating income                                                                                          17,987          16,859          15,998                 6.7                 5.4
income tax benefit (expense)                                                                               7,578          (5,308   )      (4,959    )             nm                 7.0
percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with nm.
(a)   adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap performance measure. refer to the "non-gaap financial measure" section on page 50 for additional information, including our definition and our use of adjusted ebitda, and for a reconciliation from net income attributable to comcast corporation to adjusted ebitda.
the primary drivers of the changes in revenue were as follows:
•   growth in our cable communications segment driven by revenue from residential high-speed internet and video services and business services
•   growth in our nbcuniversal segments driven by filmed entertainment and theme parks, partially offset by revenue in 2016 associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics
•   growth in our cable communications segment driven by revenue from residential high-speed internet and video services and business services
•   our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics, which was reported in our nbcuniversal segments revenue for our segments is discussed separately below under the heading "segment operating results." revenue for our other businesses and business development initiatives is discussed separately under the heading "corporate and other results of operations."
36      comcast 2017 annual report on form 10-k consolidated costs and expenses the following graph illustrates the contributions to the increases in consolidated operating costs and expenses made by our cable communications and nbcuniversal segments, as well as by corporate and other activities including eliminations.
the primary drivers of the changes in operating costs and expenses were as follows:
•   an increase in programming and production expenses in our filmed entertainment segment, partially offset by expenses in 2016 associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics
•   an increase in corporate and other activities driven by the launch of our wireless phone service
•   our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics, which was reported in our nbcuniversal segments operating costs and expenses for our segments is discussed separately below under the heading "segment operating results." operating costs and expenses for our corporate operations, other businesses and business development initiatives is discussed separately below under the heading "corporate and other results of operations."
consolidated depreciation and amortization expense year ended december 31 (in millions)        2017              2016              2015             % change             % change consolidated depreciation and amortization expense increased in 2017 and 2016 primarily due to increases in capital expenditures, as well as expenditures for software, in our cable communications segment in recent years. we continue to invest to increase our network capacity and in customer premise equipment, primarily for our x1 platform, cloud dvr technology and wireless gateways. certain of these assets in our cable communications segment have relatively short estimated useful lives, which increased depreciation expense in 2017 and 2016 and will continue to increase depreciation expense in 2018. nbcuniversal depreciation and amortization expense also increased primarily due to our continued investment in new attractions in our theme parks segment, including for universal studios japan.
consolidated other operating gains consolidated other operating gains for 2017 included $337 million related to nbcuniversal's relinquishment of spectrum rights (see note 5 to comcast's consolidated financial statements and note 4 to nbcuniversal's consolidated financial statements) and $105 million related to the sale of a business in corporate and other (see note 7 to comcast's consolidated financial statements).
segment operating results our segment operating results are presented based on how we assess operating performance and internally report financial information. we use adjusted ebitda as the measure of profit or loss for our operating segments. adjusted ebitda is defined as net income attributable to comcast corporation before net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock, income tax benefit (expense), total other income (expense), depreciation and amortization expense, and other operating gains, and excluding impairment charges related to fixed and intangible assets and gains or losses on the sale of long-lived assets, if any. from time to time we may exclude from adjusted ebitda the impact of events, gains, losses or other charges (such as significant legal settlements) that affect the period-to-period comparability of our operating performance. adjusted ebitda for our segments is not a non-gaap financial measure. we reconcile the aggregate amount of adjusted ebitda for our reportable business segments to consolidated income before income taxes in the notes to our consolidated financial statements (see note 17 to comcast's consolidated financial statements and note 15 to nbcuniversal's consolidated financial statements).
to be consistent with our current management reporting presentation, certain 2016 and 2015 operating results were reclassified within the cable communications segment.
the revenue and operating costs and expenses associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics were reported in our cable networks and broadcast television segments. the revenue and operating costs and expenses associated with our broadcast of the 2015 super bowl were reported in our broadcast television segment.
cable communications segment results of operations revenue and adjusted ebitda   residential customer relationships
38      comcast 2017 annual report on form 10-k year ended december 31 (in millions)        2017            2016            2015            % change            % change business services                          6,216           5,514           4,751                12.7                16.1
operating costs and expenses programming                               12,907          11,576          10,516                11.5                10.1
technical and product support              6,425           6,323           5,985                 1.6                 5.6
customer service                           2,455           2,482           2,393                (1.1    )            3.7
advertising, marketing and promotion       3,562           3,540           3,363                 0.6                 5.3
total operating costs and expenses        31,349          29,939          27,891                 4.7                 7.3
customer metrics total customers                     net additional customers
(in thousands, except per customer amounts)                    2017            2016            2015         2017           2016           2015
video residential customers                                        21,303          21,488          21,385         (186      )     103           (123   )
business services customers                                   1,054           1,019             962           35             57             87
total video customers                                        22,357          22,508          22,347         (151      )     161            (36   )
high-speed internet residential customers                                        23,863          22,827          21,610        1,036          1,218          1,202
business services customers                                   2,006           1,874           1,719          132            155            165
total high-speed internet customers                          25,869          24,701          23,329        1,168          1,373          1,367
voice residential customers                                        10,316          10,546          10,436         (231      )     110            173
business services customers                                   1,236           1,140           1,039           96            101            109
total voice customers                                        11,552          11,687          11,475         (135      )     211            282
security and automation security and automation customers                             1,131             891             612          239            279            212
customer relationships residential customer relationships                           27,168          26,533          25,828          635            705            499
business services customer relationships                      2,179           2,044           1,887          135            157            170
total customer relationships                                 29,347          28,577          27,715          770            862            670
residential customer relationships mix single product customers                                      8,196           7,756           7,647          439            110           (101   )
double product customers                                      9,056           8,797           8,478          259            319            339
triple and quad product customers                             9,916           9,980           9,703          (64      )     277            260
average monthly total revenue per customer relationship     $151.11         $148.18         $142.83
customer metrics are presented based on actual amounts. minor differences may exist due to rounding. for multiple dwelling units ("mdus"), including buildings located on college campuses, whose residents have the ability to receive additional cable services, such as additional programming choices or our high-definition video ("hd") or digital video recorder ("dvr") advanced services, we count and report customers based on the number of potential billable relationships within each mdu. for mdus whose residents are not able to receive additional cable services, the mdu is counted as a single customer. in 2017, we began to offer prepaid services that allow customers to prepay for at least 30 days of service. residential video and high-speed internet customers as of december 31, 2017 included prepaid customers totaling approximately 3,000 and 60,000, respectively. customer relationships represent the number of residential and business customers that subscribe to at least one of our cable services. single product, double product, and triple and quad product customers represent residential customers that subscribe to one, two, or three and four of our cable services, respectively. beginning in 2017, we include customers subscribing to our security and automation services in customer relationship information. all periods presented have been adjusted for the inclusion of security and automation customers.
cable communications segment - revenue video our cable communications segment offers a broad variety of video services packages that may include premium networks, pay-per-view services and our on demand service. our video customers may subscribe for additional fees to our hd and dvr advanced services. we continue to deploy set-top boxes for our internet protocol ("ip") and cloud-enabled video platform, referred to as our x1 platform, and cloud dvr technology throughout our footprint.
video revenue increased 3.5% and 3.9% in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the increases in revenue in both years were primarily due to rate adjustments and increases in the number of residential customers subscribing to additional services such as premium channels and advanced services, which accounted for substantially all of the increases in both 2017 and 2016. the increase in 2017 was partially offset by a decrease in the number of residential video customers. as of december 31, 2017, 15.0 million customers subscribed to at least one of our hd or dvr advanced services compared to 14.8 million customers and 13.9 million customers as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
we have experienced, and may experience in the future, declines in the number of residential video customers due to competitive pressures and the impact of rate adjustments. competition is intense, both from traditional multichannel video providers and from new technologies and distribution platforms for viewing content. we are responding to this competition, and have attempted to mitigate industry-wide declines in residential video customers at traditional multichannel video providers, through our x1 platform and sales and marketing programs, such as promotions, bundled service offerings and service offerings targeted at specific market segments. as of december 31, 2017, 39.1% of the homes and businesses in the areas we serve subscribed to our video services, compared to 39.9% and 40.1% as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
high-speed internet we offer high-speed internet services with downstream speeds that range up to 1 gigabit per second ("gbps") and fiber-based speeds that range up to 2 gbps. throughout our footprint, we continue to deploy wireless gateways that combine a customer's wireless router, cable modem and voice adapter to improve the performance of multiple ip-enabled devices used at the same time within the home, provide faster internet speeds and create an in-home wi-fi network. we continue to expand our network of residential, outdoor and business wi-fi hotspots to allow most of our high-speed internet customers to access our high-speed internet services inside and outside the home. as of december 31, 2017, there were approximately 18.8 million of these hotspots.
high-speed internet revenue increased 9.1% and 8.5% in 2017 and 2016, respectively. increases in the number of residential customers receiving our high-speed internet services accounted for increases in revenue of 5.1% and 5.8% in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the remaining increases in revenue in both 2017 and 2016 were primarily due to increases in the number of customers receiving higher levels of service and the impact of rate adjustments.
we believe our customer base will continue to grow as consumers choose our high-speed internet service and seek higher-speed offerings. as of december 31, 2017, 45.2% of the homes and businesses in the areas we serve subscribed to our high-speed internet services, compared to 43.8% and 41.9% as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
voice we offer voice services that provide local and long-distance calling and other related features.
voice revenue decreased 4.2% and 1.9% in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the decreases were primarily due to the allocation of voice revenue for our customers who receive bundled services. the amount allocated to voice revenue in the rate charged for bundled services decreased in both years because video and high-speed internet rates increased while voice rates remained relatively flat. the decrease in revenue in 2017 was also partially due to a decrease in the number of residential voice customers, which may continue to decline.
as of december 31, 2017, 20.2% of the homes and businesses in the areas we serve subscribed to our voice services, compared to 20.7% and 20.6% as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
business services we offer a variety of products and services to meet the demands of businesses, with downstream speeds that range up to 1 gbps and fiber-based speeds that range up to 10 gbps. our small business services offerings primarily include high-speed internet services, as well as voice and video services, similar to those that we provide to our residential customers, and also include cloud-based solutions that provide file sharing, online backup and web conferencing, among other features. we also offer ethernet network services that connect multiple locations and provide higher downstream and upstream speed options to medium-sized customers and larger enterprises, as well as advanced voice services. in addition, we provide cellular backhaul services to mobile network operators to help these customers manage their network bandwidth.
40      comcast 2017 annual report on form 10-k recently, we have expanded our enterprise service offerings to include a software-defined networking product and our managed solutions business to offer enterprise customers support related to wi-fi networks, router management, network security, business continuity risks and other services. we primarily offer our enterprise service offerings to fortune 1000 companies and other large enterprises with multiple locations both within and outside of our cable distribution footprint where we have agreements with other companies to use their networks to provide coverage outside of our service areas.
business services revenue increased 12.7% and 16.1% in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the increases in 2017 and 2016 were primarily due to increases in the number of customers receiving our small business services offerings, as well as our medium-sized business services offerings. in 2017, 2016 and 2015, revenue from our small business services offerings represented the majority of our total business services revenue. we believe the increases in the number of business customers were primarily the result of our efforts to gain market share from competitors by offering competitive services and pricing, although the rate of growth in the number of our small business customers may slow as the business matures.
advertising as part of our distribution agreements with cable networks, we generally receive an allocation of scheduled advertising time on cable networks that we sell through our advertising business to local, regional and national advertisers. in most cases, the available advertising units are sold by our sales force. in some cases, we work with representation firms as an extension of our sales force to sell a portion of the advertising units allocated to us. we also represent the advertising sales efforts of other multichannel video providers in some markets. in addition, we generate revenue from the sale of advertising online and on our on demand service. advertising revenue is affected by the strength of the advertising market, general economic conditions, and cyclicality related to political campaigns and issue-oriented advertising.
advertising revenue decreased 8.8% in 2017 primarily due to a decrease in political advertising revenue. advertising revenue increased 11.1% in 2016 primarily due to an increase in political advertising revenue. excluding the impact of political advertising revenue, advertising decreased 1.6% in 2017 and increased slightly in 2016.
in 2017, 5% of our cable communications segment advertising revenue was generated from our nbcuniversal segments, compared to 5% and 6% in 2016 and 2015, respectively. these amounts are eliminated in our consolidated financial statements but are included in the amounts presented above.
other other revenue primarily includes revenue related to cable franchise and other regulatory fees. we also receive revenue related to fees from other services, such as our security and automation services. cable franchise and other regulatory fees represent the fees we are required to pay to federal, state and local authorities that we pass through to our customers. under the terms of our cable franchise agreements, we are generally required to pay to the cable franchising authority an amount based on our gross video revenue. the changes in franchise and other regulatory fees collected from our cable services customers are generally due to changes in the revenue to which the fees apply.
other revenue increased 4.8% and 12.2% in 2017 and 2016, respectively, primarily due to increases in cable franchise and other regulatory fees, revenue from our security and automation services, and our x1 licensing agreements.
cable communications segment - operating costs and expenses programming expenses programming expenses, which represent our most significant operating expense, are the fees we incur to provide content to our video customers. these expenses are affected by the programming license fees charged by cable networks, the fees charged for retransmission of the signals from local broadcast television stations, the number of video customers we serve and the amount of content we provide. programming expenses increased in 2017 and 2016 primarily due to the timing of contract renewals and other increases in programming license fees, including retransmission consent fees and sports programming costs.
we anticipate that our programming expenses will continue to increase as the fees we pay increase, including retransmission consent fees and sports programming costs; as we provide additional content to our video customers; and as we deliver this content through an increasing number of platforms, including on demand, online and through our mobile apps.
technical and product support expenses technical and product support expenses include costs to complete service call and installation activities, as well as costs for network operations, product development, fulfillment and provisioning. technical and product support expenses increased in 2017 and 2016 primarily due to expenses related to the development, deployment and support of our x1 platform, cloud dvr technology and wireless gateways, and continued growth in business services and security and automation services. the increase in 2016 was also due to expenses related to investments to improve the customer experience.
customer service expenses customer service expenses include the personnel and other costs associated with handling the sale of services to customers and customer service activity. customer service expenses remained relatively flat in 2017 primarily due to reduced call volumes, which were partially offset by increased personnel costs. customer service expenses increased in 2016 primarily due to increased support for improving the customer experience and increases in total labor costs, which reflected sales and support activities associated with the deployment of our x1 platform and wireless gateways, and growth in business services and security and automation services.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses advertising, marketing and promotion expenses include the costs associated with attracting new customers and promoting our service offerings. advertising, marketing and promotion expenses were relatively flat in 2017 compared to 2016. advertising, marketing and promotion expenses in 2016 included an increase in advertising expenses associated with the 2016 rio olympics.
franchise and other regulatory fees cable franchise and other regulatory fees represent the fees we are required to pay to federal, state and local authorities under the terms of our cable franchise agreements. franchise and other regulatory fees increased in 2017 and 2016 primarily due to increases in the revenue to which the fees apply.
other operating costs and expenses other operating costs and expenses remained relatively flat in 2017. other operating costs and expenses increased in 2016 primarily due to an increase in costs to support our advertising sales business, as well as an increase in other administrative costs.
cable communications segment - operating margin our cable communications segment operating margin is adjusted ebitda as a percentage of revenue. the most significant operating costs and expenses for our cable communications segment are the programming expenses we incur to provide content to our video customers, which increased 11.5% and 10.1% in 2017 and 2016, respectively. we will continue to focus on growing our revenue, particularly in our residential high-speed internet and video services and in our business services, and on overall operating cost management.
our cable communications segment operating margin was 40.3%, 40.2% and 40.6% in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
see note 3 to comcast's consolidated financial statements for information on the impact of the adoption, effective january 1, 2018, of the new revenue recognition accounting guidance on our cable communication segment revenue and operating margin.
2017 nbcuniversal segments operating results(a)
(a) charts exclude the results of nbcuniversal headquarters, other, and eliminations.
42      comcast 2017 annual report on form 10-k year ended december 31 (in millions)        2017            2016                                                                                  2015            % change                                  % change 2015 to 2016
actual          actual              actual       pro forma adjustments(a)             pro forma combined                  actual            actual           pro forma combined revenue cable networks                           $10,631         $10,464              $9,628       $-                                               $9,628                     1.6   %           8.7       %
adjusted ebitda cable networks                            $4,076          $3,709              $3,499       $-                                               $3,499                     9.9   %           6.0       %
(a)   pro forma adjustments are presented as if the acquisition of the 51% interest of universal studios japan occurred on january 1, 2014. pro forma information does not include adjustments for transaction-related costs, costs related to integration activities, or cost savings or synergies that have been or may be achieved by the combined businesses. the pro forma amounts are primarily based on historical results of operations, adjusted for the allocation of purchase price, and are not necessarily indicative of what our results would have been had we operated universal studios japan since january 1, 2014, nor of our future results.
cable networks segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)        2017            2016            2015            % change            % change operating costs and expenses programming and production                 4,670           4,932           4,319                (5.3    )           14.2
other operating and administrative         1,354           1,310           1,270                 3.4                 3.2
advertising, marketing and promotion         531             513             540                 3.5                (5.1   )
total operating costs and expenses         6,555           6,755           6,129                (2.9    )           10.2
cable networks segment - revenue distribution distribution revenue is generated from the distribution of our cable network programming to traditional and virtual multichannel video providers and is affected by the number of subscribers receiving our cable networks and the fees we charge per subscriber.
distribution revenue increased in 2017 primarily due to increases in the contractual rates charged under distribution agreements and the timing of contract renewals, which were partially offset by revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics and a continued decline in the number of subscribers of multichannel video providers at our cable networks. distribution revenue increased in 2016 primarily due to increases in the contractual rates charged under distribution agreements and contract renewals, as well as revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics, which were partially offset by a decline in the number of subscribers of multichannel video providers at our cable networks. excluding $298 million of revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics, distribution revenue increased 6.8% and 5.8% in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
advertising advertising revenue is generated from the sale of advertising units sold on our cable networks and digital properties. advertising revenue is primarily based on the price we charge for each advertising unit, which is generally based on audience ratings, the value of our viewer demographics to advertisers and the number of advertising units we can place in our cable networks' programming schedules. advertising revenue is affected by the audience ratings of our programming, the strength of the national advertising market and general economic conditions.
advertising revenue decreased in 2017 and increased in 2016 primarily due to revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics. excluding $134 million of revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics, advertising revenue decreased 1.0% in 2017 and decreased slightly in 2016 as the impact of continued declines in audience ratings at our networks were partially offset by higher prices for advertising units sold.
content licensing and other content licensing and other revenue is generated primarily from the licensing of our owned programming in the united states and internationally to cable and broadcast networks and subscription video on demand services, as well as from the sale of our owned programming on dvds and through digital distribution services such as itunes. in addition, our cable television studio production operations generate revenue from programming the studio produces for third-party networks and for subscription video on demand services.
content licensing and other revenue increased in 2017 and 2016 primarily due to the timing of content provided under our licensing agreements.
in 2017, 2016 and 2015, 15%, 14% and 13%, respectively, of our cable networks segment revenue was generated from our cable communications segment. these amounts are eliminated in comcast's consolidated financial statements but are included in the amounts presented above.
cable networks segment - operating costs and expenses programming and production costs programming and production costs include the amortization of owned and acquired programming, sports rights, direct production costs, residual and participation payments, production overhead, costs associated with the distribution of our programming to third-party networks and other distribution platforms, and on-air talent costs.
programming and production costs decreased in 2017 primarily due to costs associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics, which were partially offset by an increase in other sports programming rights costs and higher studio production costs in 2017. programming and production costs increased in 2016 primarily due to costs associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics, as well as an increase in other sports programming rights costs.
other operating and administrative costs and expenses other operating and administrative costs and expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses. these expenses increased in 2017 and 2016 primarily due to increases in employee-related costs.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses advertising, marketing and promotion expenses consist primarily of the costs associated with promoting programming on our cable networks and digital properties. advertising, marketing and promotion expenses increased in 2017 primarily due to increased spending on marketing related to programming on our cable networks and our new digital platforms. advertising, marketing and promotion expenses decreased in 2016 primarily due to increased spending on marketing in 2015 related to the launch of new programming on our cable networks.
44      comcast 2017 annual report on form 10-k broadcast television segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)        2017            2016            2015            % change            % change operating costs and expenses programming and production                 6,420           6,984           5,950                (8.1   )            17.4
other operating and administrative         1,392           1,381           1,276                 0.7   8.3
advertising, marketing and promotion         481             462             524                 4.2               (11.9   )
total operating costs and expenses         8,293           8,827           7,750                (6.1   )            13.9
broadcast television segment - revenue advertising advertising revenue is generated from the sale of advertising units sold on our broadcast networks, owned local broadcast television stations and digital properties. advertising revenue is primarily based on the price we charge for each advertising unit, which is generally based on audience ratings and the value of our viewer demographics to advertisers, and the number of advertising units we can place in our broadcast networks' and owned local television stations' programming schedules. advertising revenue is affected by the strength of the national and local advertising markets, general economic conditions, cyclicality related to political campaigns and issue-oriented advertising, and the success and ratings of our programming.
advertising revenue decreased in 2017 and increased in 2016 primarily due to revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics. excluding $1.0 billion of revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics, advertising revenue decreased 2.3% in 2017 as the impact of continued declines in audience ratings were partially offset by higher prices for advertising units sold. excluding $1.0 billion and $376 million of revenue associated with our broadcasts of the 2016 rio olympics and the 2015 super bowl, respectively, advertising revenue increased 7.7% in 2016 as higher prices for advertising units sold, the premiere of thursday night football and higher political advertising were partially offset by a decline in audience ratings.
content licensing content licensing revenue is generated from the licensing of our owned programming in the united states and internationally to various distribution platforms, including to cable and broadcast networks, and to subscription video on demand services. in addition, our broadcast television studio production operations develop and produce original content that they license to broadcast networks, cable networks and local broadcast television stations owned by us and third parties, as well as to subscription video on demand services. the production and distribution costs related to our owned programming generally exceed the revenue generated from the initial network license, which means the subsequent licensing of our owned programming series following the initial network license is critical to their financial success.
content licensing revenue increased in 2017 and 2016 primarily due to the timing of content provided under our licensing agreements.
distribution and other we generate distribution and other revenue primarily from fees for retransmission consent of our owned local broadcast television stations and associated fees received from nbc-affiliated local broadcast television stations, as well as from the sale of our owned programming on dvds and through digital distribution services. the sale of our owned programming is driven primarily by the popularity of our broadcast networks and programming series and therefore fluctuates based on consumer spending and acceptance. distribution and other revenue also includes distribution revenue associated with our periodic broadcasts of the olympic games.
distribution and other revenue increased in 2017 primarily due to an increase in fees recognized under our retransmission consent agreements, which was partially offset by $140 million of revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics. distribution and other revenue increased in 2016 primarily due to an increase in fees recognized under our retransmission consent agreements, as well as revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics.
broadcast television segment - operating costs and expenses programming and production costs programming and production costs relate to content originating on our broadcast networks and owned local broadcast television stations, as well as owned content that is licensed to third parties. these costs include the amortization of owned and acquired programming costs, sports rights, direct production costs, residual and participation payments, production overhead, costs associated with the distribution of our programming to third-party networks and other distribution platforms, and on-air talent costs.
programming and production costs decreased in 2017 primarily due to costs associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics, which were partially offset by higher studio production costs, our continued investment in original programming and increases in other sports programming rights costs in 2017. programming and production costs increased in 2016 primarily due to costs associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics, as well as our broadcast of thursday night football, which were partially offset by costs in 2015 associated with our broadcast of the 2015 super bowl.
other operating and administrative costs and expenses other operating and administrative costs and expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses, and these costs increased slightly in 2017. these costs increased in 2016 primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses advertising, marketing and promotion expenses consist primarily of the costs associated with promoting our owned and acquired television programming, as well as the marketing of dvds and costs associated with our digital properties. these expenses increased in 2017 primarily due to increased spending on marketing related to our entertainment and news programming. advertising, marketing and promotion expenses decreased in 2016 primarily due to increased spending in 2015 for marketing of our nbc primetime lineup.
filmed entertainment segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)        2017            2016            2015            % change            % change operating costs and expenses programming and production                 3,548           2,962           3,488                19.8               (15.1   )
other operating and administrative         1,274           1,101             872                15.7                26.3
advertising, marketing and promotion       1,559           1,600           1,693                (2.5    )           (5.5   )
total operating costs and expenses         6,381           5,663           6,053                12.7                (6.4   )
filmed entertainment segment - revenue theatrical theatrical revenue is generated from the worldwide theatrical release of our produced and acquired films for exhibition in movie theaters and is significantly affected by the timing of each release and the number of films we distribute, as well as their acceptance by audiences. theatrical revenue is also affected by the number of exhibition screens, ticket prices, the percentage of ticket sale retention by the exhibitors and the popularity of competing films at the time our films are released. the success of a film in movie theaters is a significant factor in determining the revenue a film is likely to generate in succeeding distribution platforms.
theatrical revenue increased in 2017 primarily due to the strong performances of several releases in our 2017 film slate, including the fate of the furious, despicable me 3 and fifty shades darker. theatrical revenue decreased in 2016 primarily due to the strong performance of our larger 2015 film slate, including furious 7, jurassic world and minions, partially offset by the strong performance of the secret life of pets and sing in 2016.
46      comcast 2017 annual report on form 10-k content licensing content licensing revenue is generated primarily from the licensing of our produced and acquired films to cable, broadcast and premium networks, and to subscription video on demand services.
content licensing revenue increased in 2017 primarily due to the timing of when content was made available under licensing agreements, including content from dreamworks animation. content licensing revenue increased in 2016 primarily due to the timing of when content, including content related to our 2015 film slate, was made available under licensing agreements.
home entertainment home entertainment revenue is generated from the sale of our produced and acquired films on dvds to retail stores, rental kiosks and subscription by mail services, and in digital formats. home entertainment revenue is significantly affected by the timing and number of our releases and their acceptance by consumers. release dates are determined by several factors, including the timing of the exhibition of a film in movie theaters, holiday periods and the timing of competitive releases. the overall dvd market continues to experience declines due to the maturation of the dvd format from increasing shifts in consumer behavior toward digital distribution services and subscription rental services, both of which generate less revenue per transaction than dvd sales, as well as due to piracy.
home entertainment revenue increased in 2017 primarily due to strong sales of several 2017 releases, including sing, the fate of the furious and despicable me 3. home entertainment revenue decreased in 2016 primarily due to the strong performance of our releases in 2015, including minions and jurassic world. the decrease in 2016 was partially offset by the home entertainment sales in 2016 of jason bourne and the secret life of pets.
other we also generate revenue from fandango, our movie ticketing and entertainment business, the sale of consumer products, the production and licensing of live stage plays, and the distribution of filmed entertainment produced by third parties.
filmed entertainment segment - operating costs and expenses programming and production costs programming and production costs include the amortization of capitalized film production and acquisition costs, residual and participation payments, and distribution expenses. residual payments represent amounts payable to individuals hired under collective bargaining agreements to work on productions and are calculated based on post-theatrical revenue. participation payments are primarily based on film performance and represent contingent consideration payable to creative talent, third parties that have entered into cofinancing agreements with us and other parties involved in the production of a film. the costs associated with producing films have generally increased in recent years and may continue to increase in the future.
programming and production costs increased in 2017 due to higher amortization of film production costs for our 2017 releases, as well as the inclusion of costs associated with dreamworks animation. programming and production costs decreased in 2016 primarily due to higher amortization of film production costs in 2015 associated with our larger 2015 film slate, which included furious 7, jurassic world and minions.
other operating and administrative costs and expenses other operating and administrative costs and expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses.
other operating and administrative expenses increased in 2017 primarily due to increases in employee-related costs, as well as the inclusion of a full year of expenses associated with dreamworks animation. other operating and administrative costs increased in 2016 primarily due to costs attributable to dreamworks animation, including $61 million of severance costs.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses advertising, marketing and promotion expenses consist primarily of expenses associated with advertising for our theatrical releases and the marketing of our films on dvds and in digital formats. we incur significant marketing expenses before and throughout the release of a film in movie theaters. as a result, we typically incur losses on a film prior to and during the film's exhibition in movie theaters and may not realize profits, if any, until the film generates home entertainment and content licensing revenue. the costs associated with marketing films have generally increased in recent years and may continue to increase in the future.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses decreased in 2017 due to a higher number of releases in 2016. advertising, marketing and promotion expenses decreased in 2016 primarily due to higher promotional costs associated with our larger 2015 film slate. the decrease in 2016 was partially offset due to advertising in 2016 for our domestic and international film slate.
theme parks segment actual and pro forma results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)        2017            2016   2015                                                                          % change                         % change 2015 to 2016
actual          actual         actual          pro forma adjustments(a)        pro forma                 actual            actual           pro forma combined                                                     combined revenue                                   $5,443          $4,946         $3,339                            $1,052           $4,391                   10.0   %          48.2       %        12.7   %
operating costs and expenses               3,059           2,756          1,875                               564            2,439                   11.0              47.0                13.0
(a)   pro forma adjustments are presented as if the acquisition of the 51% interest of universal studios japan occurred on january 1, 2014. pro forma information does not include adjustments for transaction-related costs, costs related to integration activities, or cost savings or synergies that have been or may be achieved by the combined businesses. the pro forma amounts are primarily based on historical results of operations, adjusted for the allocation of purchase price, and are not necessarily indicative of what our results would have been had we operated universal studios japan since january 1, 2014, nor of our future results.
theme parks segment - revenue our theme parks segment revenue is generated primarily from ticket sales and guest spending at our universal theme parks. guest spending includes in-park spending on food, beverages and merchandise. guest attendance at our theme parks and guest spending depend heavily on the general environment for travel and tourism, including consumer spending on travel and other recreational activities.
theme parks segment revenue increased in 2017 primarily due to increases in guest spending and higher guest attendance driven by the continued success of the wizarding world of harry pottertm attraction in hollywood, which opened in april 2016, and the openings of minion parktm in japan in april 2017 and volcano baytm in orlando in may 2017. theme parks segment revenue increased in 2016 compared to the pro forma combined revenue in 2015 primarily due to increases in guest spending and higher guest attendance driven by the successful opening of the wizarding world of harry pottertm attraction in hollywood, as well as the positive impact of foreign currency translation due to the strengthening of the japanese yen. the strengthening of the japanese yen accounted for approximately one-third of the increase in revenue for 2016.
theme parks segment - operating costs and expenses our theme parks segment operating costs and expenses consist primarily of theme park operations, including repairs and maintenance and related administrative expenses; food, beverage and merchandise costs; labor costs; and sales and marketing costs.
theme parks segment operating costs and expenses increased in 2017 primarily due to higher operating costs related to higher guest attendance and new attractions, as well as additional marketing costs associated with our domestic theme parks.
theme parks segment operating costs and expenses increased in 2016 compared to the pro forma combined operating costs and expenses in 2015 primarily due to additional costs associated with newer attractions, such as the wizarding world of harry pottertm attraction in hollywood and skull island: reign of kongtm attraction in orlando, as well as the impact of foreign currency translation due to the strengthening of the japanese yen.
the strengthening of the japanese yen accounted for approximately one-third of the increase in adjusted ebitda in 2016.
nbcuniversal headquarters, other and eliminations headquarters and other operating costs and expenses incurred by our nbcuniversal businesses include overhead, personnel costs and costs associated with corporate initiatives. operating costs and expenses increased in 2017 and 2016 primarily due to higher employee-related costs.
48      comcast 2017 annual report on form 10-k corporate and other results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)        2017          2016          2015            % change            % change operating costs and expenses               2,704         1,624         1,528                66.6   6.2
adjustment for legal settlement             (250   )         -             -                  nm                  nm adjusted ebitda                          $(1,394   )     $(874   )     $(815    )          (59.5   )%           (7.1   )%
corporate and other - revenue other revenue primarily includes revenue from comcast spectacor, which owns the philadelphia flyers and the wells fargo center arena in philadelphia, pennsylvania and operates arena management-related businesses, as well as revenue from other business development initiatives, such as our wireless phone service that we launched in 2017.
corporate and other - operating costs and expenses corporate and other operating costs and expenses primarily include overhead and personnel costs, the costs of other business development initiatives, including our new wireless phone service, and the operations of comcast spectacor.
corporate and other operating costs and expenses increased in 2017 primarily due to expenses associated with our new wireless phone service and $171 million related to a one-time special cash bonus for eligible employees. corporate and other adjusted ebitda excludes $250 million of expense related to a legal settlement in 2017 (see note 16 to comcast's consolidated financial statements). corporate and other operating costs and expenses increased in 2016 due to an increase in expenses related to corporate activities and business development initiatives, including expenses associated with our wireless phone service offering.
equity in net income (losses) of investees, net         107            (104   )        (325   )
interest expense interest expense increased in 2017 primarily due to higher levels of debt outstanding. interest expense increased in 2016 primarily due to higher levels of debt outstanding, including the impact of our acquisition of universal studios japan.
investment income (loss), net the change in investment income (loss), net in 2017 was not significant. the change in investment income (loss), net in 2016 was primarily due to an increase in income of certain investments and gains recorded on the sale of certain investments. the components of investment income (loss), net are presented in a table in note 7 to comcast's consolidated financial statements.
equity in net income (losses) of investees, net the changes in equity in net income (losses) of investees, net in 2017 and 2016 were primarily due to our equity method investments in atairos group, inc. and hulu, llc. atairos, which commenced operations in 2016, follows investment company accounting and records its investments at their fair values each reporting period with the net gains or losses reflected in its statement of income. we recognize our share of these gains and losses in equity in net income (losses) of investees, net. the losses at hulu were driven by its higher programming and marketing costs. the table below summarizes the equity in net income (losses) of atairos and hulu in 2017, 2016 and 2015.
the change in equity in net income (losses) of investees, net in 2016 was also due to an impairment charge related to goodwill recorded by the weather channel in 2015. we recorded expenses of $333 million that represented nbcuniversal's proportionate share of the weather channel impairment charge.
other income (expense), net for 2016 included $225 million recognized in connection with the settlement of amounts owed to us under an agency agreement that had provided for, among other things, verizon wireless' sale of our cable services and $108 million related to the sale of our investment in the weather channel's product and technology business to ibm.
other income (expense), net for 2015 included gains of $335 million on the sales of a business and an investment, $240 million recorded on the settlement of a contingent consideration liability with the general electric company related to our acquisition of nbcuniversal, and $43 million related to an equity method investment. these gains were partially offset by $236 million of expenses related to fair value adjustments to a contractual obligation.
consolidated income tax benefit (expense)
income tax benefit (expense) reflects federal and state income taxes and adjustments associated with uncertain tax positions. our effective income tax rate in 2017 was a benefit of 49.5%. excluding the impacts of the new federal tax reform legislation, our effective income tax rate in 2017 would have been an expense of 33.3%. our effective income tax rate in 2016 and 2015 was an expense of 37.0% and 37.1%, respectively. the income tax benefit in 2017 was primarily driven by the enactment of new federal tax reform legislation in december 2017 ("2017 tax act"), partially offset by higher taxable income from operations. the 2017 tax act, among other things, reduces the federal corporate income tax rate to 21% from 35%, effective january 1, 2018, resulting in a net income tax benefit of $12.7 billion in 2017 primarily related to a reduction of our net deferred tax liability (see note 14 to comcast's consolidated financial statements).
additionally, in 2017, we prospectively adopted certain provisions of the new accounting guidance related to share-based compensation which resulted in an increase in income tax benefit of $297 million (see note 3 to comcast's consolidated financial statements). our income tax benefit also increased $121 million due to the impact of an internal legal reorganization in the third quarter of 2017, which was partially offset by a decrease of $53 million due to changes in state tax laws.
we expect our 2018 annual effective tax rate to be significantly lower than our current year effective tax rate, excluding the impacts of the new federal tax reform legislation, as a result of the reduction of the federal corporate income tax rate in the 2017 tax act.
consolidated net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock the decrease in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock in 2017 was primarily due to our acquisition of the remaining interests in universal studios japan that we did not already own in april 2017. the increase in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock in 2016 was primarily due to nbcuniversal's acquisition of a 51% interest in universal studios japan in november 2015.
non-gaap financial measure consolidated adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap financial measure of performance and is defined as net income attributable to comcast corporation before net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock, income tax benefit (expense), total other income (expense), depreciation and amortization expense, and other operating gains, and excluding impairment charges related to fixed and intangible assets and gains or losses on the sale of long-lived assets, if any. from time to time we may exclude from adjusted ebitda the impact of events, gains, losses or other charges (such as significant legal settlements) that affect the period-to-period comparability of our operating performance. this measure eliminates the significant level of noncash depreciation and amortization expense that results from the capital-intensive nature of certain of our businesses and from intangible assets recognized in business combinations. additionally, it is unaffected by our capital and tax structures and by our investment activities. we use this measure to evaluate our consolidated operating performance and the operating performance of our operating segments and to allocate resources and capital to our operating segments. it is also a significant performance measure in our annual incentive compensation programs. we believe that this measure is useful to investors because it is one of the bases for comparing our operating performance with that of other companies in our industries, although our measure may not be directly comparable to similar measures used by other companies. we reconcile consolidated adjusted
50      comcast 2017 annual report on form 10-k ebitda to net income attributable to comcast corporation. this measure should not be considered a substitute for operating income (loss), net income (loss), net income (loss) attributable to comcast corporation, or net cash provided by operating activities that we have reported in accordance with gaap.
income tax (benefit) expense                                                                                        (7,578          )                 5,308                            4,959
other operating gains                                                                                                 (442          )                     -                                -
adjustment for legal settlement                                                                                        250                                -                                -
liquidity and capital resources our businesses generate significant cash flows from operating activities. we believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements, including fixed charges, through our cash flows from operating activities; existing cash, cash equivalents and investments; available borrowings under our existing credit facilities; and our ability to obtain future external financing. we anticipate that we will continue to use a substantial portion of our cash flows in repaying our debt obligations, funding our capital expenditures, investing in business opportunities and returning capital to shareholders.
we also maintain significant availability under our revolving credit facilities and our commercial paper programs to meet our short-term liquidity requirements. our commercial paper programs provide a lower-cost source of borrowing to fund our short-term working capital requirements. see note 10 and note 19 to comcast's consolidated financial statements for additional information on the comcast and nbcuniversal enterprise revolving credit facilities and the related guarantees. as of december 31, 2017, amounts available under our consolidated revolving credit facilities, net of amounts outstanding under our commercial paper programs and outstanding letters of credit, totaled $7.4 billion, which included $1.5 billion available under the nbcuniversal enterprise revolving credit facility.
we, nbcuniversal and comcast cable communications, llc are subject to the covenants and restrictions set forth in the indentures governing our public debt securities and in the credit agreements governing the comcast revolving credit facility. the only financial covenant in the credit facility pertains to leverage, which is the ratio of debt to ebitda, as defined in the credit facility. we test for compliance with this financial covenant on an ongoing basis. as of december 31, 2017, we met this financial covenant by a significant margin. we do not expect to have to reduce debt or improve operating results in order to continue to comply with this financial covenant. in addition, the universal studios japan term loans contain certain financial covenants. as of december 31, 2017, universal studios japan was in compliance with all of these covenants.
operating activities components of net cash provided by operating activities year ended december 31 (in millions)                            2017                    2016                    2015
operating income                                             $17,987                 $16,859                 $15,998
depreciation, amortization and other operating gains           9,825                   9,558                   8,680
changes in operating assets and liabilities                     (510       )          (1,430       )             158
payments of interest                                          (2,820       )          (2,565       )          (2,443       )
payments of income taxes                                      (4,057       )          (3,693       )          (3,726       )
net cash provided by operating activities                    $21,403                 $19,825                 $19,485
the variance in changes in operating assets and liabilities in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to the timing of film and television production spending and related costs, net of amortization; the recognition of deferred revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics; the payment in 2016 of a tax receivable agreement that dreamworks animation entered into with one of its former stockholders; and the launch in 2017 of our wireless phone service offering. the variance in changes in comcast 2017 annual report on form 10-k   51
operating assets and liabilities in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to the timing of film and television production spending and related costs, net of amortization, including certain sports programming obligations; the recognition of deferred revenue associated with the broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics; an increase in certain benefit payments; and the payment in 2016 of a tax receivable agreement that dreamworks animation entered into with one of its former stockholders prior to our acquisition.
the increases in interest payments in 2017 and 2016 were primarily due to higher levels of debt outstanding.
the increase in income tax payments in 2017 was primarily due to higher taxable income from operations and payments associated with tax disputes, offset by tax deductions resulting from our senior notes exchange (see note 10 to comcast's consolidated financial statements) and additional depreciation deductions allowed under the 2017 tax act (see note 14 to comcast's consolidated financial statements). the decrease in income tax payments in 2016 was primarily due to taxable losses in 2016 related to the sale of certain investments as well as taxable gains in 2015 related to the sale of businesses and investments partially offset by higher taxable income from operations in 2016. we expect income tax payments to be significantly lower in 2018 due to the reduction in the federal income tax rate, as well as additional depreciation deductions allowed under the 2017 tax act, partially offset by the 2017 tax deductions resulting from the senior notes exchange.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities in 2017 consisted primarily of cash paid for capital expenditures, purchases of investments and intangible assets. net cash used in investing activities in 2016 consisted primarily of cash paid for capital expenditures, acquisitions, deposits, purchases of investments and intangible assets. net cash used in investing activities in 2015 consisted primarily of cash paid for capital expenditures, acquisitions, intangible assets and purchases of investments.
capital expenditures our most significant recurring investing activity has been capital expenditures in our cable communications segment, and we expect that this will continue in the future. the table below summarizes the capital expenditures we incurred in our cable communications segment in 2017, 2016 and 2015.
customer premise equipment                $3,337          $3,665          $3,698
support capital                              879             896             917
cable communications capital expenditures increased 4.7% and 7.9% in 2017 and 2016, respectively, primarily due to continued investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity and increased investment in line extensions primarily for the expansion of business services. the increase in 2017 was partially offset by a decrease in spending on customer premise equipment and support capital.
capital expenditures in our nbcuniversal segments increased 3.4% to $1.5 billion in 2017 primarily due to continued investment at our theme parks segment, which was partially offset by the timing of real estate and infrastructure investment. capital expenditures in our nbcuniversal segments increased 4.8% to $1.5 billion in 2016 primarily due to continued investment at our theme parks segment.
our capital expenditures for 2018 are focused on continued investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity; increased investment in line extensions primarily for the expansion of business services; and the continued deployment of wireless gateways, our x1 platform, and cloud dvr technology. in addition, we expect to continue to invest in existing and new attractions at our universal theme parks. capital expenditures for subsequent years will depend on numerous factors, including acquisitions, competition, changes in technology, regulatory changes, the timing and rate of deployment of new services, the capacity required for existing services, and the timing of new attractions at our theme parks. we continue to develop a universal theme park in beijing, china.
cash paid for intangible assets in 2017, 2016 and 2015, cash paid for intangible assets consisted primarily of expenditures for software in our cable communications segment.
acquisitions and construction of real estate properties acquisitions and construction of real estate properties in 2017, 2016 and 2015 primarily included the construction of the comcast technology center in philadelphia, pennsylvania.
52      comcast 2017 annual report on form 10-k acquisitions, net of cash acquired in august 2016, we acquired all of the outstanding stock of dreamworks animation. in november 2015, nbcuniversal acquired a 51% interest in universal studios japan.
proceeds from sales of businesses and investments proceeds from sales of businesses and investments in 2016 were primarily related to the sale of our investment in the weather channel's product and technology business to ibm. proceeds from sales of businesses and investments in 2015 were primarily related to the sale of our investment in tv one, llc and the sale of a business, cti towers assets i, llc.
purchases of investments purchases of investments in 2017 were primarily related to additional capital contributions to atairos, our investment in snap inc. and nbcuniversal's additional capital contributions to hulu. purchases of investments in 2016 were primarily related to capital contributions to atairos and nbcuniversal's additional investment in buzzfeed, inc. purchases of investments in 2015 were primarily related to nbcuniversal's investments in vox media, inc. and buzzfeed.
deposits on april 13, 2017, the federal communications commission ("fcc") announced the results of its spectrum auction. in connection with the auction, we acquired the rights to $1.7 billion of spectrum. we had previously made a deposit of $1.8 billion to participate in the auction in 2016 and received a refund for amounts in excess of the purchase price in 2017.
other other investing activities in 2017 were primarily related to proceeds of $482 million received by nbcuniversal in the fcc auction for the relinquishment of spectrum rights (see note 5 to comcast's consolidated financial statements and note 4 to nbcuniversal's consolidated financial statements).
financing activities net cash used in financing activities in all years consisted primarily of repayments of debt, repurchases of common stock under our repurchase program and employee plans, and dividend payments, which were partially offset by proceeds from borrowings. proceeds from borrowings fluctuate from year to year based on the amounts paid to fund acquisitions and debt repayments. net cash used in financing activities in 2017 also included the purchase of the remaining 49% noncontrolling interests in universal studios japan. net cash used in financing activities in 2016 also included our purchase of the remaining noncontrolling interest in comcast spectacor.
we have made, and may from time to time in the future make, optional repayments on our debt obligations, which may include repurchases or exchanges of our outstanding public notes and debentures, depending on various factors, such as market conditions. see note 10 to comcast's consolidated financial statements and note 10 to nbcuniversal's consolidated financial statements for additional information on our financing activities, including details of our debt repayments and borrowings and our exchange of senior notes.
share repurchases and dividends in 2017, we repurchased a total of 131 million shares of our class a common stock for $5.0 billion under our share repurchase program authorization. effective january 1, 2017, our board of directors increased our share repurchase program authorization to a total of $12 billion, which does not have an expiration date. as of december 31, 2017, $7 billion remained under this authorization. under the authorization, we may repurchase shares in the open market or in private transactions. we expect to repurchase at least $5 billion of our class a common stock during 2018, although the actual repurchase amount may differ depending on market and other conditions.
our board of directors declared quarterly dividends totaling $3.0 billion in 2017. we paid dividends of $2.9 billion in 2017. in january 2018, our board of directors approved a 21% increase in our dividend to $0.76 per share on an annualized basis. we expect to continue to pay quarterly dividends, although each dividend is subject to approval by our board of directors.
the chart below summarizes our share repurchases under our publicly announced share repurchase program authorization and dividends paid in 2017, 2016 and 2015. in addition, we paid $435 million, $352 million and $425 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, related to employee taxes associated with the administration of our share-based compensation plans.
share repurchases under share repurchase program authorization and dividends paid contractual obligations payment due by period as of december 31, 2017 (in millions)                                 total          year 1         years 2-3         years 4-5         more than 5
capital lease obligations                                               360              38                72                59                 191
operating lease obligations                                           4,074             559               969               717               1,829
refer to note 10 and note 16 to comcast's consolidated financial statements.
(b)   purchase obligations consist of agreements to purchase goods and services that are legally binding on us and specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased and price provisions. our purchase obligations related to our cable communications segment and other business development initiatives include programming contracts with cable networks and local broadcast television stations; contracts with customer premise equipment manufacturers; contracts with communications vendors and multichannel video providers for which we provide advertising sales representation; contracts to acquire handsets and other equipment; and other contracts entered into in the normal course of business. cable communications programming contracts include amounts payable under fixed or minimum guaranteed commitments and do not represent the total fees that are expected to be paid under programming contracts, which we expect to be significantly higher because these contracts are generally based on the number of subscribers receiving the programming. our purchase obligations related to our nbcuniversal segments consist primarily of commitments to acquire film and television programming, including the u.s. broadcast rights to future olympic games through 2032, sunday night football through the 2022-23 season, including two super bowl games, the first of which is in 2018, nhl games through the 2020-21 season, spanish-language u.s. broadcast rights to fifa world cup games through 2022, u.s broadcast rights to english premier league soccer games through the 2021-22 season, certain nascar events through 2024, and certain pga tour and other golf events through 2030, as well as obligations under various creative talent agreements, including obligations to actors, producers and television personalities, and various other television commitments. purchase obligations do not include contracts with immaterial future commitments.
(c)   other long-term liabilities reflected on the balance sheet consist primarily of subsidiary preferred shares; deferred compensation obligations; and postretirement, pension and postemployment benefit obligations. a contractual obligation with a carrying value of $1.1 billion is not included in the table above because it is uncertain if the arrangement will be settled. the contractual obligation involves an interest held by a third party in the revenue of certain theme parks. the arrangement provides the counterparty with the right to periodic payments associated with current period revenue and, beginning in june 2017, the option to require nbcuniversal to purchase the interest for cash in an amount based on a contractual formula. the contractual formula is based on an average of specified historical theme park revenue at the time of exercise, which amount could be significantly higher than the carrying value. as of december 31, 2017, the value of the contractual obligation was $1.5 billion, based on inputs to the contractual formula as of that date. see note 16 to comcast's consolidated financial statements for additional information related to this arrangement. liabilities for uncertain tax positions of $809 million and the associated interest and penalties are not included in the table above because it is uncertain if or when these amounts will become payable. payments of $2.7 billion of participations and residuals are also not included in the table above because we cannot make a reliable estimate of the period in which these obligations will be settled.
(d)   our contractual obligations do not include our commitment to invest up to $4 billion at any one time as an investor in atairos due to our inability to estimate the timing of this funding. as of december 31, 2017, our remaining commitment is $2.0 billion based on the capital calls received as of that date (see note 7
54      comcast 2017 annual report on form 10-k to comcast's consolidated financial statements). our contractual obligations do not include certain expenditures related to the construction and development of the universal studios theme park in beijing, china, as these commitments were not executed as of december 31, 2017.
(e)   total contractual obligations are made up of the following components.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2017, we did not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 3 to each of comcast's and nbcuniversal's consolidated financial statements for additional information related to recent accounting pronouncements, including the impact of the adoption of the updated accounting guidance related to revenue recognition.
critical accounting judgments and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and contingent liabilities. we base our judgments on our historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making estimates about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
we believe our judgments and related estimates associated with the valuation and impairment testing of our cable franchise rights and the accounting for film and television costs are critical in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting judgments and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors, and the audit committee has reviewed our disclosures relating to them, which are presented below. see notes 9 and 6 to comcast's consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our accounting policies with respect to these items.
valuation and impairment testing of cable franchise rights our largest asset, our cable franchise rights, results from agreements we have with state and local governments that allow us to construct and operate a cable business within a specified geographic area. the value of a franchise is derived from the economic benefits we receive from the right to solicit new customers and to market additional services, such as advanced video services and high-speed internet and voice services, in a particular service area. the amounts we record for cable franchise rights are primarily a result of cable system acquisitions. typically when we acquire a cable system, the most significant asset we record is the value of the cable franchise rights. often these cable system acquisitions include multiple franchise areas. we currently serve approximately 6,400 franchise areas in the united states.
we have concluded that our cable franchise rights have an indefinite useful life since there are no legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors which limit the period over which these rights will contribute to our cash flows. accordingly, we do not amortize our cable franchise rights but we assess their carrying values annually, or more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may exceed the fair value ("impairment testing").
for the purpose of our impairment testing, we have grouped the recorded values of our various cable franchise rights into our three cable communications divisions or units of account. we evaluate the unit of account periodically to ensure our impairment testing is performed at an appropriate level.
the annual impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets allows for the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the asset is less than its carrying amount. an entity may choose to perform the qualitative assessment or an entity may bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. if it is determined, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is, more likely than not, less than its carrying value, the quantitative impairment test is required. when performing a quantitative assessment, we estimate the fair value of our cable franchise rights primarily based on a discounted cash flow analysis that involves significant comcast 2017 annual report on form 10-k   55
judgment. when analyzing the fair values indicated under the discounted cash flow models, we also consider multiples of adjusted ebitda generated by the underlying assets, current market transactions and profitability information.
in 2017, we performed a qualitative assessment of our cable franchise rights. at the time of our previous quantitative assessment in 2014, the estimated fair values of our franchise rights exceeded the carrying value in our three cable communications divisions by 26%, 42% and 50%, respectively. we also considered various factors that would affect the estimated fair values of our cable franchise rights in our qualitative assessment in 2017, including changes in our projected future cash flows associated with our cable communications segment; market transactions and macroeconomic conditions; weighted-average cost of capital; and an increase in our market capitalization. based on this assessment, we concluded that it was more likely than not that the estimated fair values of our cable franchise rights were higher than the carrying values and that the performance of a quantitative impairment test was not required.
since the adoption of the accounting guidance related to goodwill and intangible assets in 2002, we have not recorded any significant impairment charges to cable franchise rights.
we could record impairment charges in the future if there are changes in long-term market conditions, in expected future operating results, or in federal or state regulations that prevent us from recovering the carrying value of these cable franchise rights. assumptions made about increased competition and economic conditions could also impact the results of any qualitative assessment and the valuations used in future annual quantitative impairment testing and result in a reduction in the fair values of our cable franchise rights. in addition, a future change in the unit of account could result in the recognition of an impairment charge.
film and television costs we capitalize film and television production costs, including direct costs, production overhead, print costs, development costs and interest. we amortize capitalized film and television production costs, including acquired libraries, and accrue costs associated with participation and residual payments to programming and production expenses. we generally record the amortization and the accrued costs using the individual film forecast computation method, which amortizes the costs using the ratio of the current period's revenue to estimated total remaining revenue from all sources ("ultimate revenue"). estimates of ultimate revenue have a significant impact on how quickly capitalized costs are amortized and, therefore, are updated regularly.
our estimates of ultimate revenue for films generally include revenue from all sources that are expected to be earned within 10 years from the date of a film's initial release. these estimates are based on the historical performance of similar content, as well as factors unique to the content itself. the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of ultimate revenue for a film intended for theatrical release is the film's theatrical performance, as subsequent revenue from the licensing and sale of a film has historically exhibited a high correlation to its theatrical performance. upon a film's release, our estimates of revenue from succeeding markets, including from content licensing across multiple platforms and home entertainment sales, are revised based on historical relationships and an analysis of current market trends.
with respect to television series or other owned television programming, the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of ultimate revenue is whether the series can be successfully licensed beyond its initial license. initial estimates of ultimate revenue are limited to the amount of revenue contracted for each episode under the initial license. once it is determined that a television series or other owned television programming can be licensed for subsequent platforms, revenue estimates for these platforms, such as u.s. and international syndication, home entertainment, and other distribution platforms, are included in ultimate revenue. revenue estimates for produced episodes include revenue expected to be earned within 10 years of delivery of the initial episode or, if still in production, 5 years from the delivery of the most recent episode, if later.
we capitalize the costs of programming content that we license but do not own, including rights to multiyear, live-event sports programming, at the earlier of when payments are made for the programming or when the license period begins and the content is made available for use. we amortize capitalized programming costs as the associated programs are broadcast. we generally amortize multiyear, live-event sports programming rights using the ratio of the current period revenue to the estimated ultimate revenue or under the terms of the contract.
capitalized film and television costs are subject to impairment testing when certain triggering events are identified. if the fair value of a production were to fall below its unamortized cost, we would record an adjustment for the amount by which the unamortized capitalized costs exceed the production's fair value. the fair value assessment is generally based on estimated future discounted cash flows, which are supported by our internal forecasts. adjustments to capitalized film production costs were not material in any of the periods presented.