item 1a.  risk factors you should carefully consider each of the risks described below, together with all of the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, before making an investment decision with respect to our securities. if any of the following risks develop into actual events, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected and you may lose all or part of your investment.
we operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively.
the markets for our services are highly competitive from new and existing competitors. our principal competitors include other vendors of financial services technology, data processing affiliates of large companies, and processing centers owned and operated as user cooperatives. our competitors vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the services they offer. many of our larger existing and potential clients have historically developed their key applications in-house. as a result, we often compete against our existing or potential clients' in-house capabilities. we expect that the markets in which we compete will continue to attract new well-funded competitors and new technologies, including large technology, media and other companies not historically in the financial services industry, start-ups and international providers of similar products and services to ours. we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors or that competitive pressures faced by us in the markets in which we operate will not materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
if we fail to adapt our products and services to changes in technology or in the marketplace, or if our ongoing efforts to upgrade our technology are not successful, we could lose clients or have trouble attracting new clients, and our ability to grow may be limited.
the markets for our products and services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new products and services, and increasing client expectations. our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. we may not be successful in developing, marketing or selling new products and services that meet these demands or achieve market acceptance. in addition, the success of certain of our products and services rely, in part, on financial institutions, billers and other third parties to promote the use of our products and services by their customers. if we are unsuccessful in offering products or services that gain market acceptance, or if third parties insufficiently promote our products and services, it would likely have a material adverse effect on our ability to retain existing clients, to attract new ones and to grow profitably.
if we are unable to renew client contracts at favorable terms, we could lose clients and our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
failure to achieve favorable renewals of client contracts could negatively impact our business. our contracts with clients generally run for a period of three to five years. at the end of the contract term, clients have the opportunity to renegotiate their contracts with us or to consider whether to engage one or more of our competitors to provide products and services. if we are not successful in achieving high renewal rates and favorable contract terms, our results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.
consolidations in the banking and financial services industry could adversely affect our revenue by eliminating existing or potential clients and making us more dependent on fewer clients.
mergers, consolidations and failures of financial institutions reduce the number of our clients and potential clients, which could adversely affect our revenue. if our clients merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our clients, or that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce their use of our services. it is also possible that the larger financial institutions that result from mergers or consolidations could have greater leverage in negotiating terms with us or could decide to perform in-house some or all of the services which we currently provide or could provide. any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
security breaches, computer malware or other "cyber attacks" could harm our business by disrupting our delivery of services and damaging our reputation.
our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our associates, our clients and their customers. any unauthorized intrusion, malicious software infiltration, network disruption, denial of service or similar act could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security and trust of our systems or data, or the systems or data of our clients or vendors. these events could create costly litigation, significant financial liability, increased regulatory scrutiny, financial sanctions and a loss of confidence in our ability to serve clients and cause current or potential clients to choose another service provider, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our business. in addition, as these threats continue to evolve, we may be required to invest significant additional resources to modify and enhance our information security and controls or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. although we believe that we maintain a robust program of information security and controls and none of the threats that we have encountered to date have materially impacted us, we may not be able to prevent a material event in the future, and the impact of a material event could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
operational failures could harm our business and reputation.
an operational failure could harm our business or cause us to lose clients. an operational failure could be caused by our actions or the actions of third parties, and could involve networks and systems upon which we rely to deliver our services and over which we have limited or no control. interruptions of service could damage our relationship with clients and could cause us to incur substantial expenses, including those related to the payment of service credits or other liabilities. a prolonged interruption of our services or network could cause us to experience data loss or a reduction in revenue. in addition, a significant interruption of service could have a negative impact on our reputation and could cause our current and potential clients to choose another service provider. any of these developments could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may experience software defects, development delays or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability.
our services are based on sophisticated software and computer systems, and we may encounter delays when developing new applications and services. further, the software underlying our services may contain undetected errors or defects when first introduced or when new versions are released. in addition, we may experience difficulties in installing or integrating our technology on systems used by our clients. defects in our software, errors or delays in the processing of electronic transactions or other difficulties could result in interruption of business operations, delay in market acceptance, additional development and remediation costs, diversion of technical and other resources, loss of clients, negative publicity or exposure to liability claims. although we attempt to limit our potential liability through disclaimers and limitation of liability provisions in our license and client agreements, we cannot be certain that these measures will successfully limit our liability.
a heightened regulatory environment in the financial services industry may have an adverse impact on our clients and our business.
since the enactment of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act ("dodd-frank act"), a number of substantial regulations affecting the supervision and operation of the financial services industry within the united states have been adopted, including those that establish the consumer financial protection bureau ("cfpb"). the cfpb has issued guidance that applies to, and conducts direct examinations of, "supervised banks and nonbanks" as well as "supervised service providers" like us. in addition, federal and state governments have adopted or are pursuing numerous additional regulations impacting the financial services industry, including regulations related to cybersecurity and data privacy. to the extent this oversight or regulation negatively impacts the business, operations or financial condition of our clients, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected because, among other matters, our clients could have less capacity to purchase products and services from us, could decide to avoid or abandon certain lines of business, or could seek to pass on increased costs to us by negotiating price reductions. additional regulation, examination and oversight of us could require us to modify the manner in which we contract with or provide products and services to our clients; directly or indirectly limit how much we can charge for our services; require us to invest additional time and resources to comply with such oversight and regulations; or limit our ability to update our existing products and services, or require us to develop new ones. any of these events, if realized, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
if we fail to comply with applicable regulations, our businesses could be harmed.
if we fail to comply with regulations applicable to our business, including data privacy regulations, we could be exposed to litigation or regulatory proceedings, our client relationships and reputation could be harmed, and we could be inhibited in our ability to obtain new clients, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, the future enactment of more restrictive laws or rules on the federal or state level, or, with respect to our international operations, in foreign jurisdictions on the national, provincial, state or other level, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our failure to comply with a series of complex regulations in our payments businesses could subject us to liability.
certain of our subsidiaries are licensed as money transmitters in those states where such licensure is required. in connection with such licensure, we are required to demonstrate and maintain certain levels of net worth and liquidity and to file periodic reports. in addition, our direct-to-consumer payments businesses, including our walk-in bill payment, online bill payment and popmoney person-to-person payment services, are subject to federal regulation in the united states, including anti-money laundering regulations and certain restrictions on transactions to or from certain individuals or entities. the complexity of these regulations will continue to increase our cost of doing business. in addition, any violations of law may result in civil or criminal penalties against us and our officers, or the prohibition against us providing money transmitter services in particular jurisdictions.
if we fail to comply with the applicable requirements of the payment card networks, they could seek to fine us, suspend us or terminate our registrations which could adversely affect our business.
we are subject to card association and network rules governing visa, mastercard, american express, discover or other similar organizations, including the payment card industry data security standard enforced by the major card brands. the rules of the card networks are set by their boards which may be influenced by card issuers, some of which offer competing transaction processing services. if we fail to comply with these rules, we could be fined, our certifications could be suspended, or our certifications could be terminated. the suspension or termination of our certifications, or any changes to the card association and network rules, that we do not successfully address could limit our ability to provide transaction processing services to clients and result in a reduction of revenue or increased costs of operation, which, in either case, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we may be sued for infringing the intellectual property rights of others.
third parties may claim that we are infringing their intellectual property rights. we may expose ourselves to additional liability if we agree to indemnify our clients against third party infringement claims. if the owner of intellectual property establishes that we are, or a client which we are obligated to indemnify is, infringing its intellectual property rights, we may be forced to change our products or services, and such changes may be expensive or impractical, or we may need to seek royalty or license agreements from the owner of such rights. if we are unable to agree on acceptable terms, we may be required to discontinue the sale of key products or halt other aspects of our operations. we may also be liable for financial damages for a violation of intellectual property rights, and we may incur expenses in connection with indemnifying our clients against losses suffered by them. any adverse result related to violation of third party intellectual property rights could materially and adversely harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. even if intellectual property claims brought against us are without merit, they may result in costly and time-consuming litigation and may require significant attention from our management and key personnel.
misappropriation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights could impair our competitive position.
our ability to compete depends upon proprietary systems and technology. we actively seek to protect our proprietary rights. nevertheless, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our services or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. the steps we have taken may not prevent misappropriation of technology. agreements entered into for that purpose may not be enforceable or provide us with an adequate remedy. effective patent, trademark, service mark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which our applications and services are made available.
misappropriation of our intellectual property or potential litigation concerning such matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
acquisitions subject us to risks, including increased debt, assumption of unforeseen liabilities and difficulties in integrating operations.
a major contributor to our growth in revenue and earnings since our inception has been our ability to identify, acquire and integrate complementary businesses. we anticipate that we will continue to seek to acquire complementary businesses, products and services. we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or complete acquisitions in the future, which could adversely affect our future growth; or businesses that we acquire may not perform as well as expected or may be more difficult to integrate and manage than expected, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. we may not be able to integrate all aspects of acquired businesses successfully or realize the potential benefits of bringing them together. in addition, the process of integrating these acquisitions may disrupt our business and divert our resources.
these risks may arise for a number of reasons: we may not be able to find suitable businesses to acquire at affordable valuations or on other acceptable terms; we may face competition for acquisitions from other potential acquirers; we may need to borrow money or sell equity or debt securities to the public to finance future acquisitions and the terms of these financings may be adverse to us; changes in accounting, tax, securities or other regulations could increase the difficulty or cost for us to complete acquisitions; we may incur unforeseen obligations or liabilities in connection with acquisitions; we may need to devote unanticipated financial and management resources to an acquired business; we may not realize expected operating efficiencies or product integration benefits from an acquisition; we could enter markets where we have minimal prior experience; and we may experience decreases in earnings as a result of non-cash impairment charges.
we may be obligated to indemnify the purchasers of businesses pursuant to the terms of the relevant purchase and sale agreements.
we have in the past and may in the future sell businesses. in connection with sales of businesses, we may make representations and warranties about the businesses and their financial affairs and agree to retain certain liabilities associated with our operation of the businesses prior to their sale. our obligation to indemnify the purchasers and agreement to retain liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the failure to attract and retain key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we depend on the experience, skill and contributions of our senior management and other key employees. if we fail to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified management, technical, compliance and sales personnel, our future success could be harmed. our senior management provides strategic direction for our company, and if we lose members of our leadership team, our management resources may have to be diverted from other priorities to address this loss. our products and services require sophisticated knowledge of the financial services industry, applicable regulatory and industry requirements, computer systems, and software applications, and if we cannot hire or retain the necessary skilled personnel, we could suffer delays in new product development, experience difficulty complying with applicable requirements or otherwise fail to satisfy our clients' demands.
our business may be adversely impacted by u.s. and global market and economic conditions.
for the foreseeable future, we expect to continue to derive most of our revenue from products and services we provide to the financial services industry. given this concentration, we are exposed to the global economic conditions in the financial services industry. a prolonged poor economic environment could result in significant decreases in demand by current and potential clients for our products and services and in the number and dollar amount of transactions we process, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the market for our electronic transaction services continues to evolve and may not continue to develop or grow rapidly enough to sustain profitability.
if the number of electronic transactions does not continue to grow, or if consumers or businesses do not continue to adopt our services, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. we believe future growth in the electronic transactions market will be driven by a combination of factors including speed, cost, ease-of-use, security and quality of products and services offered to consumers and businesses.
new guidance or further analysis of the newly enacted u.s. tax reform legislation could cause us to modify current estimates about the impact that it will have on us, which could negatively impact our anticipated earnings and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flow.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"). the tax act significantly revises the u.s. corporate income tax code by, among other things, lowering corporate income tax rates, implementing a territorial-style tax system and imposing a repatriation tax on deemed repatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries. with the enactment of the tax act, our financial results for 2017 included a reduction of income tax expense of approximately $275 million resulting primarily from the re-evaluation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities to reflect the recently enacted 21 percent u.s. federal corporate tax rate and the deemed repatriation tax on untaxed accumulated foreign earnings. these estimates are based on our initial analysis of the tax act. further analysis of this complex legislation or future guidance from the internal revenue service, the securities and exchange commission or the financial accounting standards board could cause us to adjust current estimates in future periods, which could impact our earnings and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flow.
our balance sheet includes significant amounts of goodwill and intangible assets. the impairment of a significant portion of these assets would negatively affect our results of operations.
our balance sheet includes goodwill and intangible assets that represent 73% of our total assets at december 31, 2017. these assets consist primarily of goodwill and identified intangible assets associated with our acquisitions. on at least an annual basis, we assess whether there have been impairments in the carrying value of goodwill. in addition, we review intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. if the carrying value of the asset is determined to be impaired, then it is written down to fair value by a charge to operating earnings. an impairment of a significant portion of goodwill or intangible assets could have a material negative effect on our results of operations.
increased leverage may harm our financial condition and results of operations.
as of december 31, 2017, we had approximately $4.9 billion of debt. we and our subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness in the future. our indebtedness could: decrease our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, general corporate or other purposes; limit our flexibility to make acquisitions; increase our cash requirements to support the payment of interest; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; and increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions. our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness depends upon our future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions and financial, business and other factors affecting our consolidated operations, many of which are beyond our control. in addition, if our outstanding senior notes are downgraded to below investment grade, we may incur additional interest expense. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt and meet our other cash requirements, we may be required, among other things: to seek additional financing in the debt or equity markets; to refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness; or to reduce or delay planned capital or operating expenditures. such measures might not be sufficient to enable us to service our debt and meet our other cash requirements. in addition, any such financing, refinancing or sale of assets might not be available at all or on economically favorable terms.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is provided as a supplement to our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to help provide an understanding of our financial condition, the changes in our financial condition and our results of operations. our discussion is organized as follows:
•   overview. this section contains background information on our company and the services and products that we provide, acquisitions and dispositions, our enterprise priorities, and the trends affecting our industry in order to provide context for management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations.
•   critical accounting policies and estimates. this section contains a discussion of the accounting policies that we believe are important to our financial condition and results of operations and that require judgment and estimates on the part of management in their application. in addition, all of our significant accounting policies, including critical accounting policies, are summarized in note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
•   results of operations. this section contains an analysis of our results of operations presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of income by comparing the results for the year ended december 31, 2017 to the results for the year ended december 31, 2016 and by comparing the results for the year ended december 31, 2016 to the results for the year ended december 31, 2015.
•   liquidity and capital resources. this section provides an analysis of our cash flows and a discussion of our outstanding debt and commitments at december 31, 2017.
overview company background we are a leading global provider of financial services technology. we provide account processing systems, electronic payments processing products and services, internet and mobile banking systems, and related services. we serve over 12,000 clients worldwide, including banks, savings banks, credit unions, investment management firms, leasing and finance companies, billers, retailers, merchants, and building societies. the majority of our revenue is generated from recurring account- and transaction-based fees under contracts that generally have terms of three to five years and high renewal rates. most of the services we provide are necessary for our clients to operate their businesses and are, therefore, non-discretionary in nature.
our operations are principally located in the united states and are comprised of the payments and industry products ("payments") segment and the financial institution services ("financial") segment. the payments segment primarily provides electronic bill payment and presentment services, internet and mobile banking software and services, account-to-account transfers, person-to-person payment services, debit and credit card processing and services, payments infrastructure services, and other electronic payments software and services. our businesses in this segment also provide card and print personalization services, investment account processing services for separately managed accounts, and fraud and risk management products and services. the financial segment provides banks, credit unions, and leasing and finance companies with account processing services, item processing and source capture services, loan origination and servicing products, cash management and consulting services, and other products and services that support numerous types of financial transactions. corporate and other primarily consists of unallocated corporate expenses including share-based compensation, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, intercompany eliminations and other costs that are not considered when management evaluates segment performance.
acquisitions and dispositions we frequently review our portfolio to ensure we have the right set of businesses to execute on our strategy. we expect to acquire businesses when we identify: a compelling strategic need, such as a product, service or technology that helps meet client demand; an opportunity to change industry dynamics; a way to achieve business scale; or similar considerations. we expect to divest businesses that are not in line with our market, product or financial strategies.
during 2017, we completed four acquisitions for an aggregate purchase price of $384 million, net of $33 million of acquired cash, along with earn-out provisions estimated at a fair value of $15 million. in january 2017, we completed our acquisition of online banking solutions, inc. ("obs"), a provider of cash management and digital business banking solutions that complement and enrich our existing solutions. in july 2017, we acquired the assets of pclender, llc ("pclender"), a leader in internet-based mortgage software and mortgage lending technology solutions. the obs and pclender acquisitions are included in the financial segment as their products are integrated across a number of our account processing solutions and will enable our bank and credit union clients to better serve their commercial and mortgage customers. in august 2017, we acquired dovetail group limited ("dovetail"), a leading provider of bank payments and liquidity management solutions. in september 2017, we completed our acquisition of monitise plc ("monitise"), a provider of digital solutions that enables innovative digital banking experiences for leading financial institutions worldwide. the dovetail and monitise acquisitions are included in the payments segment and will further enable us to help financial institutions around the world transform their payments infrastructure and to expand our digital leadership, respectively.
in 2016, we acquired the convenience pay services business of hewlett packard enterprise company and completed our purchase of the community financial services business of aci worldwide, inc. for an aggregate purchase price of $265 million. these acquisitions expand our biller solution offerings and enhance our suite of digital banking and payments solutions, and are included in the payments segment.
in may 2017, we sold our australian item processing business, which was reported within the financial segment, for approximately $17 million, and, in january 2018, we completed the sale of the retail voucher business acquired in our 2017 acquisition of monitise for proceeds of £37 million ($50 million). in addition, in february 2018, we announced a definitive agreement to sell a 55% interest of our lending solutions business, which is reported within the financial segment, retaining a 45% interest in the joint venture.
during 2017 and 2015, stoneriver group, l.p. ("stoneriver"), a joint venture in which we own a 49% interest and account for under the equity method, recognized net gains on the sales of subsidiary businesses, and in 2016, recognized a net gain on the sale of a business interest. our pre-tax share of the net gains and related expenses on these transactions was $26 million in 2017, $146 million in 2016 and $29 million in 2015, with related tax expenses of $9 million, $54 million and $13 million, respectively. in addition, we received cash dividends of $45 million, $151 million and $36 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, from stoneriver, which were funded from the sale transactions.
enterprise priorities we continue to implement a series of strategic initiatives to help accomplish our mission of providing integrated technology and services solutions that enable best-in-class results for our clients. these strategic initiatives include active portfolio management of our businesses, enhancing the overall value of our existing client relationships, improving operational effectiveness, being disciplined in our allocation of capital, and differentiating our products and services through innovation. our key enterprise priorities for 2018 are: (i) to continue to build high-quality revenue while meeting our earnings goals; (ii) to enhance client relationships with an emphasis on digital and payment solutions; and (iii) to deliver innovation and integration which enables differentiated value for our clients.
industry trends the market for products and services offered by financial institutions continues to evolve rapidly. the traditional financial industry and other market entrants regularly introduce and implement new payment, deposit, lending, investment and risk management products, and the distinctions among the products and services traditionally offered by different types of financial institutions continue to narrow as they seek to serve the same customers. at the same time, regulatory conditions and cybersecurity scrutiny have continued to create a challenging operating environment for financial institutions. for example, legislation such as the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act has generated, and may continue to generate, new regulations impacting the financial industry. these conditions, along with mild economic improvement, have created heightened interest in solutions that help financial institutions win and retain customers, generate incremental revenue, comply with regulations and enhance operating efficiency. examples of these solutions include our electronic payments solutions and channels such as internet, mobile and tablet banking, sometimes referred to as "digital channels."
this increased focus on digital channels by both financial institutions and their customers, as well as the growing volume and types of payment transactions in the marketplace, have increased the data and transaction processing needs of financial institutions. we expect that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, maintain regulatory compliance and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. we anticipate that we will benefit over the long term from the trend of financial institutions moving from in-house technology to outsourced solutions as they seek to remain current on technology changes in an evolving marketplace. we believe that economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure, technology, products, services and networks necessary to be competitive in such an environment are essential to justify these investments, and we anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions, including electronic transactions through digital channels, will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us. based on these market conditions, we believe that our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth. furthermore, we believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients.
in addition to the trends described above, the financial institutions marketplace has experienced change in composition as well. during the past 25 years, the number of financial institutions in the united states has declined at a relatively steady rate of approximately 3% per year, primarily as a result of voluntary mergers and acquisitions. rather than reducing the overall market, these consolidations have transferred accounts among financial institutions. an acquisition benefits us when a newly combined institution is processed on our system, or elects to move to one of our systems, and negatively impacts us when a competing system is selected. financial institution acquisitions also impact our financial results due to early contract termination fees in our multi-year client contracts, which are primarily generated when an existing client with a multi-year contract is acquired by another financial institution. these fees can vary from period to period based on the number and size of clients that are acquired and how early in the contract term the contract is terminated. our revenue is diversified, and our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. we have clients that span the entire range of financial institutions in terms of asset size and business model, and our 50 largest financial institution clients represent less than 25% of our annual revenue. in addition, we believe that our products and services can assist financial institutions with the regulatory and market challenges that they currently face by providing, among other things, new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, which require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. we continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that we use to prepare our consolidated financial statements and base our estimates on historical experience and assumptions that we believe are reasonable in light of current circumstances. actual amounts and results could differ materially from these estimates.
acquisitions from time to time, we make strategic acquisitions that may have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial position. we allocate the purchase price of acquired businesses to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction at their estimated fair values. the estimates used to determine the fair value of long-lived assets, such as intangible assets, can be complex and require significant judgments. we use information available to us to make fair value determinations and engage independent valuation specialists, when necessary, to assist in the fair value determination of significant acquired long-lived assets. while we use our best estimates and assumptions as a part of the purchase price allocation process, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. as a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our consolidated statements of income. we are also required to estimate the useful lives of intangible assets to determine the amount of acquisition-related intangible asset amortization expense to record in future periods. we periodically review the estimated useful lives assigned to our intangible assets to determine whether such estimated useful lives continue to be appropriate.
goodwill and acquired intangible assets we review the carrying value of goodwill for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. goodwill is tested for impairment at a reporting unit level, determined to be at an operating segment level or one level below. when reviewing goodwill for impairment, we consider the amount of excess fair value over the carrying value of each reporting unit, the period of time since a reporting unit's last quantitative test, the extent a reorganization or disposition changes the composition of one or more of our reporting units, and other factors to determine whether or not to first perform a qualitative test. when performing a qualitative test, we assess numerous factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting units are less than their respective carrying values. examples of qualitative factors that we assess include our share price, our financial performance, market and competitive factors in our industry, and other events specific to our reporting units. if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we perform a quantitative impairment test.
the quantitative impairment test compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value, and recognizes an impairment loss for the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, without exceeding the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. we determine the fair value of a reporting unit based primarily on the present value of estimated future cash flows. determining the fair value of a reporting unit involves judgment and the use of significant estimates and assumptions, which include assumptions regarding the revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate estimated future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, and future economic and market conditions.
our most recent impairment assessment in the fourth quarter of 2017 determined that our goodwill was not impaired. the estimated fair values of the respective reporting units substantially exceeded the carrying values, except for recently acquired reporting units that approximated or exceeded the carrying values to a lesser magnitude given the short passage of time between the recent acquisition dates and when we performed our most recent annual impairment assessment.
we review acquired intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. recoverability is assessed by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. measurement of any impairment loss is based on estimated fair value. given the significance of our goodwill and intangible asset balances, an adverse change in fair value could result in an impairment charge, which could be material to our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition the majority of our revenue is generated from monthly account- and transaction-based fees. revenue is recognized as services are provided and is primarily recognized under service agreements that are long-term in nature, generally three to five years, and that do not require management to make significant judgments or assumptions. at times, however, judgment is exercised in evaluating revenue recognition, such as when a contract arrangement includes multiple product and service deliverables. due to the quantity, size and nature of our multiple element arrangements, the judgments we make in this regard are not likely to have a material impact on revenue recognition for any individual element. additionally, given the nature of our business and the rules governing revenue recognition, our revenue recognition practices generally do not involve significant estimates that materially affect our results of operations. additional information about our revenue recognition policies is included in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
results of operations components of revenue and expenses the following summary describes the components of revenue and expenses as presented in our consolidated statements of income.
processing and services processing and services revenue, which in 2017 represented 85% of our total revenue, is primarily generated from account- and transaction-based fees under contracts that generally have terms of three to five years. revenue is recognized when the related transactions are processed and services have been performed. processing and services revenue is most reflective of our business performance as a significant amount of our total operating profit is generated by these services. cost of processing and services includes costs directly associated with providing services to clients and includes the following: personnel; equipment and data communication; infrastructure costs, including costs to maintain software applications; client support; depreciation and amortization; and other operating expenses.
product product revenue, which in 2017 represented 15% of our total revenue, is primarily derived from integrated print and card production sales, as well as software license sales which represented less than 4% of our total revenue. cost of product includes costs directly associated with the products sold and includes the following: costs of materials and software development; personnel; infrastructure costs; depreciation and amortization; and other costs directly associated with product revenue.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist of: salaries, wages, commissions and related expenses paid to sales personnel, administrative employees and management; advertising and promotional costs; depreciation and amortization; and other selling and administrative expenses.
financial results the following table presents certain amounts included in our consolidated statements of income, the relative percentage that those amounts represent to revenue and the change in those amounts from year to year. this information should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
(in millions)                                                                                                                                                                                      percentage of revenue (1)                                                   increase (decrease)
processing and services                                                                                           $4,833              $4,625              $4,411            84.8     %         84.0     %         84.0     %          $208              4    %          $214                5    %
cost of processing and services                                                                                    2,291               2,212               2,178            47.4     %         47.8     %         49.4     %            79              4    %            34                2    %
cost of product                                                                                                      733                 747                 731            84.9     %         84.9     %         86.7     %           (14    )        (2   )%            16                2    %
gain on sale of business                                                                                             (10   )               -                   -            (0.2    )%            -                  -                  10              -                  -                -
operating income                                                                                                   1,532               1,445               1,311            26.9     %         26.2     %         24.9     %            87              6    %           134               10    %
(1)   percentage of revenue is calculated as the relevant revenue, expense, income or loss amount divided by total revenue, except for cost of processing and services and cost of product amounts which are divided by the related component of revenue.
(in millions)               payments                  financial   corporateand other                           total year ended december 31, total revenue:
revenue growth:
operating income:
operating income growth:
operating margin:
operating margin growth: (1)
(1)   represents the basis point growth or decline in operating margin.
total revenue total revenue increased $191 million, or 3%, in 2017 and increased $251 million, or 5%, in 2016 compared to the prior years. the increase in total revenue during 2017 and 2016 was attributable to revenue growth in our payments segment of 5% and 8%, respectively, and revenue growth in our financial segment of 2% and 1%, respectively, compared to the prior years.
revenue in our payments segment increased $144 million, or 5%, in 2017 and increased $228 million, or 8%, in 2016 compared to the prior years. revenue growth at our card services business contributed approximately 2.5% in each of 2017 and 2016 to the payments segment revenue growth largely due to increased transaction volumes. increased volumes also drove revenue growth contributions of 1% in 2017 from our electronic payments business and 2% in 2016 from our output solutions business, which included a higher level of emv chip card manufacturing and personalization, compared to the prior years. revenue from in-year business acquisitions further contributed $22 million, or 1%, and $86 million, or 3%, in 2017 and 2016, respectively, to payments segment revenue growth.
revenue in our financial segment increased $53 million, or 2%, in 2017 and increased $34 million, or 1%, in 2016 compared to the prior years. our lending solutions business contributed approximately 2% and 1% to the financial segment revenue growth in 2017 and 2016, respectively, driven by increased volumes. in addition, our account processing business contributed approximately 1% to the financial segment revenue growth in 2016. financial segment revenue growth was partially offset by the australian item processing business disposition in 2017 and lower revenue in our international business in 2016, which each negatively impacted financial segment revenue growth by approximately 1% compared to the prior years.
total expenses total expenses increased $104 million in 2017 and $117 million in 2016, or 3% in each year, compared to the prior years. total expenses as a percentage of total revenue was 73.1%, 73.8% and 75.1% in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. total expenses were favorably impacted by 20 basis points in 2017 compared to 2016 due to the gain on the sale of our australian item processing business.
cost of processing and services as a percentage of processing and services revenue was 47.4%, 47.8% and 49.4% in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. cost of processing and services as a percentage of processing and services revenue was favorably impacted in both 2017 and 2016 by increased operating leverage in our recurring revenue businesses. cost of processing and services as a percentage of processing and services revenue in 2016 was also favorably impacted by approximately 80 basis points from lower amortization related to certain fully amortized acquisition-related intangible assets compared to the prior year.
cost of product as a percentage of product revenue was consistent in 2017 and 2016 at 84.9%, and decreased from 86.7% in 2015. cost of product as a percentage of product revenue was negatively impacted in 2015 by increased expenses in our output solutions business associated with additional investments to expand our card manufacturing and personalization capacity.
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue was 20.2%, 20.0% and 19.7% in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue in 2017 and 2016 was primarily due to increased costs associated with acquisitions.
operating income and operating margin total operating income increased $87 million, or 6%, in 2017 and increased $134 million, or 10%, in 2016 compared to the prior years. total operating margin increased to 26.9% in 2017 from 26.2% in 2016 and 24.9% in 2015.
operating income in our payments segment increased $91 million, or 10%, in 2017 and increased $103 million, or 12%, in 2016 compared to the prior years. operating margin was 32.0%, 30.5% and 29.3% in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, increasing 150 basis points in 2017 and 120 basis points in 2016. our card services business contributed approximately 110 basis points in each of 2017 and 2016 to the payments segment operating margin growth largely attributable to scalable revenue growth. in addition, payments segment operating margin was positively impacted by approximately 90 basis points from our electronic payments business in 2017 and by approximately 70 basis points from our output solutions business in 2016, attributable to improved operating leverage and product mix, respectively. payments segment operating margin improvement was partially offset by approximately 50 basis points in each of 2017 and 2016 as a result of in-year acquisitions.
operating income in our financial segment increased $26 million, or 3%, in 2017 and was generally consistent in 2016 compared to the prior years. operating margin was 33.5%, 33.2% and 33.8% in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, increasing 30 basis points in 2017 and decreasing 60 basis points in 2016. financial segment operating margin in 2017 was positively impacted by approximately 70 basis points from scalable revenue growth. increased expenses associated with incremental investments in innovation-based solutions negatively impacted financial operating margin by 30 basis points and 60 basis points in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
the operating loss in corporate and other increased $30 million in 2017 and decreased $34 million in 2016 compared to the prior years. the operating loss increase in 2017 was primarily attributable to increased acquisition and related integration costs of $12 million and increased employee benefit expenses, including severance, of $20 million. these increased costs were partially offset by a $10 million gain on the sale of our australian item processing business. the operating loss improvement in 2016 was primarily due to lower amortization related to certain fully amortized acquisition-related intangible assets compared to 2015.
interest expense interest expense increased $13 million, or 8%, in 2017 and decreased $7 million, or 4%, in 2016 compared to the prior years. higher average variable interest rates and higher average outstanding debt contributed approximately $7 million and $6 million, respectively, to increased interest expense in 2017 compared to 2016. the lower interest expense in 2016 was primarily due to the reclassification of $7 million to interest expense for unamortized losses on settled cash flow hedges related to the early extinguishment of debt in 2015.
interest and investment income (loss), net the net interest and investment loss in 2016 was attributable to a non-cash write-off of a $7 million cost-method investment.
loss on early debt extinguishment in may 2015, we redeemed our $600 million aggregate principal amount of 3.125% senior notes due in 2016 and $500 million aggregate principal amount of 6.8% senior notes due in 2017, which resulted in a pre-tax loss on early debt extinguishment of $85 million related to make-whole payments and other costs associated with redemption.
income tax provision income tax provision as a percentage of income from continuing operations before income from investment in unconsolidated affiliate was 11.6%, 38.6% and 35.7% in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the rate in 2017 decreased by 20.3% attributable to the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act, as further described below, and by 3.6% attributable to excess tax benefits from share-based compensation awards recognized as a reduction in the income tax provision as a result of the 2017 adoption of accounting standards update 2016-09, compensation - stock compensation (topic 718): improvements to employee share-based payment accounting. the higher rate in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to the level of income tax expense associated with our share of the net gains on sales transactions by our unconsolidated affiliate, stoneriver.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act. the tax act makes broad changes to the u.s. tax code, including, but not limited to, (1) reducing the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent beginning in 2018; (2) requiring companies to pay a one-time transition tax on certain un-repatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries; (3) generally eliminating u.s. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; (4) requiring u.s. federal taxable income to include certain earnings of controlled foreign corporations; and (5) creating a new limitation on deductible interest expense. the provisions of the tax act decreased our 2017 effective tax rate by 20.3%, primarily due to the re-evaluation of the net deferred tax liability to reflect the lower federal tax rate of 21 percent. the ultimate impact of the tax act may differ from the reported amounts due to changes in interpretations and assumptions, as well as guidance that may be issued in the future.
income from investment in unconsolidated affiliate during 2017 and 2015, stoneriver recognized net gains on the sales of subsidiary businesses, and in 2016, recognized a net gain on the sale of a business interest, resulting in our share of stoneriver income of $32 million, $147 million and $32 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
income from discontinued operations income from discontinued operations in 2017 included a litigation settlement related to a prior disposition of $19 million, net of income tax of $7 million, and earnings related to an acquired business held for sale.
net income per share - diluted from continuing operations net income per share-diluted from continuing operations was $5.71, $4.15 and $2.99 in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. net income per share-diluted from continuing operations was favorably impacted by discrete income tax benefits associated with the tax act of $1.28 per share in 2017 and from our share of net investment gains, primarily from stoneriver capital transactions, of $0.09, $0.39 and $0.07 per share in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. net income per share-diluted from continuing operations was negatively impacted in 2017 and 2016 by merger and integration costs of $0.23 and $0.17 per share, respectively, and in 2015 by debt extinguishment and refinancing costs of $0.25 per share. the amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets also reduced net income per share-diluted from continuing operations by $0.49, $0.46 and $0.53 per share in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
liquidity and capital resources general our primary liquidity needs are: (i) to fund normal operating expenses; (ii) to meet the interest and principal requirements of our outstanding indebtedness; and (iii) to fund capital expenditures and operating lease payments. we believe these needs will be satisfied using cash flow generated by our operations, along with our cash and cash equivalents of $325 million and available borrowings under our revolving credit facility of $0.9 billion at december 31, 2017. the following table summarizes our operating cash flow and capital expenditure amounts for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
excess tax benefits from share-based awards                  -                     (51     )              51
non-cash impairment charges                                 18                      17                     1
gain on sale of business                                   (10     )                 -                   (10     )
net changes in working capital and other                   (19     )                31                   (50     )
operating cash flow                                     $1,483                  $1,431                   $52         4           %
capital expenditures                                      $287                    $290                   $(3     )         (1    )%
our net cash provided by operating activities, or operating cash flow, was $1.48 billion in 2017, an increase of 4% compared to $1.43 billion in 2016. this increase was primarily due to improved operating results, partially offset by $106 million of lower cash dividends received from our stoneriver joint venture and unfavorable timing of payables. in 2017 and 2016, we received cash dividends of $45 million and $151 million, respectively, from our stoneriver joint venture. these dividends, in their entirety, represented returns on our investment and are reported in cash flows from operating activities.
our current policy is to use our operating cash flow primarily to fund capital expenditures, share repurchases and acquisitions, and to repay debt rather than to pay dividends. our capital expenditures were approximately 5% of our total revenue in both 2017 and 2016.
share repurchases we purchased $1.17 billion and $1.20 billion of our common stock in 2017 and 2016, respectively. on november 16, 2016, our board of directors authorized the purchase of up to 15.0 million shares of our common stock. as of december 31, 2017, we had approximately 10.7 million shares remaining under this authorization. shares repurchased are generally held for issuance in connection with our equity plans.
acquisitions and dispositions we completed four acquisitions in 2017 for an aggregate purchase price of $384 million, net of $33 million of acquired cash, and two acquisitions in 2016 for an aggregate purchase price of $265 million. we funded these acquisitions by utilizing a combination of available cash and existing availability under our revolving credit facility.
in january 2018, we completed the sale of the retail voucher business acquired in our 2017 acquisition of monitise for proceeds of £37 million ($50 million). in addition, in february 2018, we announced a definitive agreement to sell a 55% interest of our lending solutions business, retaining a 45% interest in the joint venture.
at december 31, 2017, our debt consisted primarily of $3.3 billion of senior notes, $1.1 billion of revolving credit facility borrowings and $540 million of term loan borrowings. interest on our senior notes is paid semi-annually. we were in compliance with all financial debt covenants during 2017. additional information about our debt structure and associated instruments is included in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
variable rate debt we maintain a $2.0 billion revolving credit agreement and a term loan with a syndicate of banks. both the outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility and the term loan bear interest at a variable rate based on libor or on a base rate, plus a specified margin based on our long-term debt rating in effect from time to time. the variable interest rate was 2.59% on the revolving credit facility borrowings and 2.82% on the term loan borrowings at december 31, 2017. there are no significant commitment fees and no compensating balance requirements on the revolving credit facility, which matures in april 2020. the outstanding principal balance on the term loan of $540 million is due at maturity in october 2018. at december 31, 2017, the term loan was classified in the consolidated balance sheet as long-term as we have the intent to refinance this debt on a long-term basis and the ability to do so under our revolving credit facility. the revolving credit facility and the term loan contain various, substantially similar restrictions and covenants that require us, among other things, to: (i) limit our consolidated indebtedness as of the end of each fiscal quarter to no more than three and one-half times consolidated net earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and certain other adjustments during the period of four fiscal quarters then ended, and (ii) maintain consolidated net earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and certain other adjustments of at least three times consolidated interest expense as of the end of each fiscal quarter for the period of four fiscal quarters then ended.
other access to capital markets impacts our cost of capital, our ability to refinance maturing debt and our ability to fund future acquisitions. our ability to access capital on favorable terms depends on a number of factors, including general market conditions, interest rates, credit ratings on our debt securities, perception of our potential future earnings and the market price of our common stock. as of december 31, 2017, we had a corporate credit rating of baa2 with a stable outlook from moody's investors service, inc. ("moody's") and bbb with a stable outlook from standard & poor's ratings services ("s&p") on our senior unsecured debt securities.
the interest rates payable on our senior notes, revolving credit facility and term loan are subject to adjustment from time to time if moody's or s&p changes the debt rating applicable to the notes. if the ratings from moody's or s&p decrease below investment grade, the per annum interest rates are subject to increase by up to two percent. in no event will the total increase in the per annum interest rates exceed two percent above the original interest rates, nor will the per annum interest rate be reduced below the original interest rate applicable to the senior notes.
off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations we do not participate in, nor have we created, any off-balance sheet variable interest entities or other off-balance sheet financing. the following table details our contractual obligations at december 31, 2017:
minimum operating lease payments (1)                  410                     109                     133                   67                       101
(1)   interest, operating lease and purchase obligations are reported on a pre-tax basis.
(2)   the calculations assume that only mandatory debt repayments are made, the term loan is refinanced on a long-term basis under the revolving credit facility, no additional refinancing or lending occurs, and the variable rates on the revolving credit facility and term loan are priced at the rate in effect as of december 31, 2017.