item 1a. risk factors legal and regulatory direct regulation of the payments industry global regulatory and legislative activity related to the payments industry may have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations.
regulators increasingly seek to regulate, or establish or expand their authority to regulate, certain aspects of payments systems such as ours. some recent examples of regulatory and legislative activity include:
•   the european union's adoption of its interchange fee regulation in 2015 regulating electronic payments issued and acquired within the eea, including caps on consumer credit and debit interchange fees (described in more detail in the risk factors below) and the separation of brand and switching (which mastercard implemented in 2016)
•   several jurisdictions' creation or grant of authority to create new regulations that either have or would enable the authority to regulate or increase formal oversight over payment systems, including the united kingdom and india (both of which have designated us as a payments system subject to regulation), as well as brazil, hong kong, mexico and russia
•   the eea's implementation of the revised psd2, which requires:
ø   financial institutions to provide third party payment processors access to consumer payment accounts. this may enable these third party payment processors to route transactions away from mastercard products by offering account information or payment initiation services directly to people who currently use our products.
ø   a different standard for authentication of transactions (strong customer authentication ("sca"), as opposed to risk-based authentication). the new authentication standard requires additional verification information from consumers to complete transactions and may increase the number of transactions that consumers abandon if we are unable to ensure a frictionless authentication experience. an increase in the rate of abandoned transactions could adversely impact our volumes or other operations metrics.
these regulations have established, and could further expand, obligations or restrictions with respect to the types of products and services that we may offer to financial institutions for consumers, the countries in which our integrated products and services may be used, the way we structure and operate our business and the types of consumers and merchants who can obtain or accept our products or services. new regulations and oversight could also relate to our clearing and settlement activities (including risk management policies and procedures, collateral requirements, participant default policies and procedures, the ability to complete timely switching of financial transactions, and capital and financial resource requirements). in addition, several central banks or similar regulatory bodies around the world that have increased, or are seeking to increase, their formal oversight of the electronic payments industry and, in some cases, are considering designating certain payments networks as "systemically important payment systems" or "critical infrastructure." these obligations, designations and restrictions may further expand and could conflict with each other as more jurisdictions impose oversight of payment systems.
as a result, increased regulation and oversight of payment systems may result in costly compliance burdens or otherwise increase our costs. such laws or compliance burdens could result in issuers being less willing to participate in our payments system, reduce the benefits offered in connection with the use of our products (making our products less desirable to consumers), reduce the volume of domestic and cross-border transactions or other operational metrics, disintermediate us, impact our profitability and limit our ability to innovate or offer differentiated products and services, all of which could materially and adversely impact our financial performance. regulators could also require us to obtain prior approval for changes to its system rules, procedures or operations, or could require customization with regard to such changes, which could impact market participant risk and therefore risk to us. such regulatory changes could lead to new or different criteria for participation in and access to our payments system by financial institutions or other customers. moreover, failure to comply with the laws and regulations to which we are subject could result in fines, sanctions, civil damages or other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations, as well as have an impact on our brand and reputation increased regulatory, legislative and litigation activity with respect to interchange rates could have an adverse impact on our business.
interchange rates are a significant component of the costs that merchants pay in connection with the acceptance of our products. although we do not earn revenues from interchange, interchange rates can impact the volume of transactions we see on our payment products. if interchange rates are too high, merchants may stop accepting our products or route debit transactions away from our network. if interchange rates are too low, issuers may stop promoting our integrated products and services, eliminate or reduce loyalty rewards programs or other account holder benefits (e.g., free checking, low interest rates on balances), or charge fees to account holders (e.g., annual fees or late payment fees).
governments and merchant groups in a number of countries have implemented or are seeking interchange rate reductions through legislation, competition law, central bank regulation and litigation.
examples of regulatory and legislative activity include:
•   a statement of objections issued by the european commission in july 2015 related to our interregional interchange fees and central acquiring rules within the eea, to which we have responded and remain in discussions.
•   legislation regulating the level of domestic interchange rates that has been enacted, or is being considered, in many jurisdictions (for example, debit interchange in the united states is capped by statute for certain regulated entities).
•   merchants and consumers are also seeking interchange fee reductions and acceptance rule changes through litigation. see note 18 (legal and regulatory proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for more details.
if issuers cannot collect or we are forced to reduce interchange rates, issuers may be less willing to participate in our four-party payments system, or may reduce the benefits offered in connection with the use of our products, reducing the attractiveness of our products to consumers. in particular, any changes to interregional interchange fees as a result of the european commission's statement of objections could impact our cross-border transaction activity disproportionately versus competitors that are not subject to similar reductions. these and other impacts could lower transaction volumes, and/or make proprietary three-party networks or other forms of payment more attractive. issuers could reduce the benefits associated with our products or choose to charge higher fees to consumers to attempt to recoup a portion of the costs incurred for their services. in addition, issuers could seek to decrease the expense of their payment programs by seeking a reduction in the fees that we charge to them, particularly if regulation has a disproportionate impact on us as compared to our competitors in terms of the fees we can charge. this could make our products less desirable to consumers, reduce the volume of transactions and our profitability, and limit our ability to innovate or offer differentiated products.
we are devoting substantial resources to defending our right to establish interchange rates in regulatory proceedings, litigation and legislative activity. the potential outcome of any of these activities could have a more positive or negative impact on us relative to our competitors. if we are ultimately unsuccessful in defending our ability to establish interchange rates, any resulting legislation, regulation and/or litigation may have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations. in addition, regulatory proceedings and litigation could result in us being fined and/or having to pay civil damages, the amount of which could be material.
current regulatory activity could be extended to additional jurisdictions or products, which could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
regulators around the world increasingly replicate other regulators' approaches with regard to the regulation of payments and other industries. consequently, regulation in any one country, state or region may influence regulatory approaches in other countries, states or regions. similarly, new laws and regulations within a country, state or region involving one product may lead to regulation of similar or related products. for example, regulations affecting debit transactions could lead to regulation of other products (such as credit).
as a result, the risks to our business created by any one new law or regulation are magnified by the potential it has to be replicated in other jurisdictions or involve other products within any particular jurisdiction. these include matters like interchange rates, potential direct regulation of our network fees and pricing, network standards and network exclusivity and routing agreements. conversely, if widely varying regulations come into existence worldwide, we may have difficulty adjusting our products, services, fees and other important aspects of our business to meet the varying requirements. either of these outcomes could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
limitations on our ability to restrict merchant surcharging could materially and adversely impact our results of operations.
we have historically implemented policies, referred to as no-surcharge rules, in certain jurisdictions, including the united states, that prohibit merchants from charging higher prices to consumers who pay using our products instead of other means. authorities in several jurisdictions have acted to end or limit the application of these no-surcharge rules (or indicated interest in doing so). additionally, we have modified our no-surcharge rules to permit u.s. merchants to surcharge credit cards, subject to certain limitations. it is possible that over time merchants in some or all merchant categories in these jurisdictions may choose to surcharge as permitted by the rule change. this could result in consumers viewing our products less favorably and/or using alternative means of payment instead of electronic products, which could result in a decrease in our overall transaction volumes, and which in turn could materially and adversely impact our results of operations.
preferential or protective government actions preferential and protective government actions related to domestic payment services could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our revenues.
governments in some countries have acted, or in the future may act, to provide resources, preferential treatment or other protection to selected national payment and switching providers, or have created, or may in the future create, their own national provider. this action may displace us from, prevent us from entering into, or substantially restrict us from participating in, particular geographies, and may prevent us from competing effectively against those providers. for example:
•   governments in some countries are considering, or may consider, regulatory requirements that mandate switching of domestic payments either entirely in that country or by only domestic companies. in particular, we are currently excluded from domestic switching in china and are seeking market access, which is uncertain and subject to a number of factors, including receiving regulatory approval. in 2017, people's bank of china issued the service guidelines for market access of bank card clearing institutions, which provide some guidance on the 2016 regulations on license application and operational requirements for network operators to process domestic payments in china. we have been engaged with regulators, business partners and other stakeholders in connection with steps required to advance an application. additionally, russia has amended its national payments systems laws to require all payment systems to process domestic transactions through a government-owned payment switch. as a result, all of our domestic transactions in russia are currently processed by that system instead of by us.
•   geopolitical events and resulting ofac sanctions, adverse trade policies or other types of government actions could lead jurisdictions affected by those sanctions to take actions in response that could adversely affect our business.
•   regional groups of countries, such as the gulf cooperation countries in the middle east and a number of countries in south east asia, are considering, or may consider, efforts to restrict our participation in the switching of regional transactions.
such developments prevent us from utilizing our global switching capabilities for domestic or regional customers. our efforts to effect change in, or work with, these countries may not succeed. this could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our revenues and extend our global brand.
regulation related to our participation in the payments industry regulations that directly or indirectly affect the global payments industry may materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
we are subject to regulations that affect the payments industry in the many jurisdictions in which our integrated products and services are used. many of our customers are also subject to regulations applicable to banks and other financial institutions that, at times, consequently affect us. regulation of the payments industry, including regulations applicable to us and our customers, has increased significantly in the last several years. see "business-government regulation" in part i, item 1 for a detailed description of such regulation and related legislation. examples include:
•   anti-money laundering, counter terrorist financing, economic sanctions and anti-corruption - we are subject to aml and ctf laws and regulations globally, including the u.s. bank secrecy act and the usa patriot act, as well as the various economic sanctions programs, including those imposed and administered by ofac. we have implemented a comprehensive aml/ctf program, comprised of policies, procedures and internal controls, including the designation of a compliance officer, which is designed to prevent our payment network from being used to facilitate money laundering and other illicit activity and to address these legal and regulatory requirements and assist in managing money laundering and terrorist financing risks. the economic sanctions programs administered by ofac restrict financial transactions and other dealings with certain countries and geographies (specifically crimea, cuba, iran, north korea and syria) and with persons and entities included in ofac sanctions lists including the sdn list. we take measures to prevent transactions that do not comply with ofac and other applicable sanctions, including establishing a risk-based compliance program that has policies, procedures and controls designed to prevent us from having unlawful business dealings with prohibited countries, regions, individuals or entities. as part of this program, we obligate issuers and acquirers to comply with their local sanctions obligations and the u.s. sanctions programs, including requiring the screening of account holders and merchants, respectively, against ofac sanctions lists (including the sdn list). iran, sudan and syria have been identified by the u.s. state department as terrorist-sponsoring states, and we have no offices, subsidiaries or affiliated entities located in any of these countries or geographies and do not license entities domiciled there. we are also subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations globally, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act, which, among other things, generally prohibit giving or offering payments or anything of value for the purpose of improperly influencing a business decision or to gain an unfair business advantage. we have implemented policies, procedures and internal controls to proactively manage corruption risk. a violation and subsequent judgment or settlement against us, or those with whom we may be associated, under these laws could subject us to substantial monetary penalties, damages, and/or have a significant reputational impact.
•   financial sector oversight - in the united states, we are subject to regulation by a number of agencies charged with oversight of, among other things, consumer protection, financial and banking matters. these regulators have supervisory and independent examination authority as well as enforcement authority that we may be subject to because of the services we provide to financial institutions that issue and acquire our products. it is often not clear whether and/or to what extent these institutions will regulate broader aspects of payment networks.
•   real-time account-based payment systems - in 2017, we completed the acquisition of a controlling interest in vocalink. in the u.k., the bank of england has expanded its oversight of certain payment system providers that are systemically important to u.k.'s payment network. as a result of these changes, aspects of our vocalink business could become subject to the u.k. payment system oversight regime and be directly overseen by the bank of england.
•   issuer practice legislation and regulation - our financial institution customers are subject to numerous regulations, which impact us as a consequence. in addition, certain regulations, such as psd2 in the eea, may disintermediate issuers. if our customers are disintermediated in their business, we could face diminished demand for our integrated products and services. in addition, existing or new regulations in these or other areas may diminish the attractiveness of our products to our customers.
•   regulation of internet and digital transactions - proposed legislation in various jurisdictions relating to internet gambling and other digital areas such as cyber-security, copyright, trademark infringement and privacy could impose additional compliance burdens on us and/or our customers, including requiring us or our customers to monitor, filter, restrict, or otherwise oversee various categories of payment transactions.
increased regulatory focus on us, such as in connection with the matters discussed above, may result in costly compliance burdens and/or may otherwise increase our costs. similarly, increased regulatory focus on our customers may cause such customers to reduce the volume of transactions processed through our systems. actions by regulators could influence other organizations around the world to enact or consider adopting similar measures, amplifying any potential compliance burden. finally, failure to comply with the laws and regulations discussed above to which we are subject could result in fines, sanctions or other penalties. each may individually or collectively materially and adversely affect our financial performance and/or our overall business and results of operations, as well as have an impact on our reputation.
we could be subject to adverse changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations or challenges to our tax positions.
we are subject to tax laws and regulations of the u.s. federal, state and local governments as well as various non-u.s. jurisdictions.
potential changes in existing tax laws may impact our effective tax rate and tax payments. for example, the recent u.s. tax legislation enacted on december 22, 2017 represents a significant overhaul of the u.s. federal tax code. this tax legislation reduced the u.s. statutory corporate tax rate and made other changes that could have a favorable impact on our overall u.s. federal tax liability in a given period. however, the tax legislation also included a number of provisions that limit or eliminate various deductions, including interest expense, performance-based compensation for certain executives and the domestic production activities deduction, among others, that could affect our u.s. federal income tax position. we are continuing to evaluate the overall impact of this tax legislation on our operations and u.s. federal income tax position. see note 17 (income taxes) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion of the tcja. while we expect the tcja to be favorable to the company overall, there can be no assurance that changes in tax laws or regulations, both within the u.s. and the other jurisdictions in which we operate, will not materially and adversely affect our effective tax rate, tax payments, financial condition and results of operations. similarly, changes in tax laws and regulations that impact our customers and counterparties or the economy generally may also impact our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, tax laws and regulations are complex and subject to varying interpretations, and any significant failure to comply with applicable tax laws and regulations in all relevant jurisdictions could give rise to substantial penalties and liabilities. any changes in enacted tax laws, rules or regulatory or judicial interpretations; any adverse outcome in connection with tax audits in any jurisdiction; or any change in the pronouncements relating to accounting for income taxes could materially and adversely impact our effective tax rate, tax payments, financial condition and results of operations.
privacy, data protection and security regulation of privacy, data protection, security and the digital economy could increase our costs, as well as negatively impact our growth.
we are subject to regulations related to privacy, data protection and information security in the jurisdictions in which we do business. these regulations could result in negative impacts to our business. as we continue to develop integrated products and services to meet the needs of a changing marketplace, we may expand our information profile through the collection of additional data across multiple channels. this expansion could amplify the impact of these regulations on our business. regulation of privacy and data protection and information security often times require monitoring of and changes to our data practices in regard to the collection, use, disclosure, storage and/or security of personal and sensitive information. in addition, due to the european parliament's passage of the gdpr and the european court of justice's invalidation of the safe harbor treaty, we are subject to enhanced compliance and operational requirements in the european union. failure to comply with these laws, regulations and requirements could result in fines, sanctions or other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and overall business, as well as have an impact on our reputation.
new requirements or reinterpretations of existing requirements in these areas, or the development of new regulatory schemes related to the digital economy in general, may also increase our costs and could impact aspects of our business such as fraud monitoring, the development of information-based products and solutions and technology operations. in addition, these requirements may increase the costs to our customers of issuing payment products, which may, in turn, decrease the number of our payment products that they issue. moreover, due to account data compromise events, as well as the disclosure of the monitoring activities by certain governmental agencies, there has been heightened legislative and regulatory scrutiny around the world that could lead to further regulation and requirements. any of these developments could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
in addition, fraudulent activity could encourage regulatory intervention, which could damage our reputation and reduce the use and acceptance of our integrated products and services or increase our compliance costs. criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to capture consumer account information to engage in illegal activities such as counterfeiting or other fraud. as outsourcing and specialization become common in the payments industry, there are more third parties involved in processing transactions using our payment products. while we are taking measures to make card and digital payments more secure, increased fraud levels involving our integrated products and services, or misconduct or negligence by third parties switching or otherwise servicing our integrated products and services, could lead to regulatory intervention, such as enhanced security requirements, as well as damage to our reputation.
litigation liabilities we may incur for any litigation that has been or may be brought against us could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
we are a defendant on a number of civil litigations and regulatory proceedings and investigations, including among others, those alleging violations of competition and antitrust law and those involving intellectual property claims. see note 18 (legal and regulatory proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for more details regarding the allegations contained in these complaints and the status of these proceedings. in the event we are found liable in any material litigations or proceedings, particularly in the event we may be found liable in a large class-action lawsuit or on the basis of an antitrust claim entitling the plaintiff to treble damages or under which we were jointly and severally liable, we could be subject to significant damages, which could have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations.
limitations on our business resulting from litigation or litigation settlements may materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
certain limitations have been placed on our business in recent years because of litigation and litigation settlements, such as changes to our no-surcharge rule in the united states. any future limitations on our business resulting from litigation or litigation settlements could impact our relationships with our customers, including reducing the volume of business that we do with them, which may materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
business and operations competition and technology substantial and intense competition worldwide in the global payments industry may materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
the global payments industry is highly competitive. our payment programs compete against all forms of payment, including cash and checks; electronic, mobile and e-commerce payment platforms; cryptocurrencies; ach payment services; and other payments networks, which can have several competitive impacts on our business:
•   in certain jurisdictions, including the united states, visa has greater volume, scale and market share than we do, which may provide significant competitive advantages.
•   some of our traditional competitors, as well as alternative payment service providers, may have substantially greater financial and other resources than we have, may offer a wider range of programs and services than we offer or may use more effective advertising and marketing strategies to achieve broader brand recognition or merchant acceptance than we have.
•   our ability to compete may also be affected by the outcomes of litigation, competition-related regulatory proceedings, central bank activity and legislative activity.
certain of our competitors, including american express, discover, private-label card networks and certain alternative payments systems, operate three-party payments systems with direct connections to both merchants and consumers and these competitors may derive competitive advantages from their business models. if we continue to attract more regulatory scrutiny than these competitors because we operate a four-party system, or we are regulated because of the system we operate in a way in which our competitors are not, we could lose business to these competitors. see "business-competition" in part i, item 1.
if we are not able to differentiate ourselves from our competitors, drive value for our customers and/or effectively align our resources with our goals and objectives, we may not be able to compete effectively against these threats. our competitors may also more effectively introduce their own innovative programs and services that adversely impact our growth. we also compete against new entrants that have developed alternative payments systems, e-commerce payments systems and payments systems for mobile devices, as well as physical store locations. a number of these new entrants rely principally on the internet to support their services and may enjoy lower costs than we do, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. our failure to compete effectively against any of the foregoing competitive threats could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
disintermediation from stakeholders both within and outside of the payments value chain could harm our business.
as the payments industry continues to develop and change, we face disintermediation and related risks, including:
•   regulation in the eea may disintermediate us by enabling third-party processors opportunities to route payment transactions away from our networks and towards other forms of payment.
•   although we partner with technology companies (such as digital players and mobile providers) that leverage our technology, platforms and networks to deliver their products, they could develop platforms or networks that disintermediate us from digital payments and impact our ability to compete in the digital economy. this risk is heightened when we have relationships with these entities where we share mastercard data. while we share this data in a controlled manner subject to applicable anonymization and data privacy standards, without proper oversight we could inadvertently share too much data which could give the partner a competitive advantage.
•   competitors, customers, technology companies, governments and other industry participants may develop products that compete with or replace value-added products and services we currently provide to support our switched transaction and payment offerings. these products could replace our own switching and payments offerings or could force us to change our pricing or practices for these offerings. in addition, governments that develop national payment platforms may promote their platforms in such a way that could put us at a competitive disadvantage in those markets.
•   participants in the payments industry may merge, create joint ventures or form other business combinations that may strengthen their existing business services or create new payment services that compete with our services.
our failure to compete effectively against any of the foregoing competitive threats could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
continued intense pricing pressure may materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
in order to increase transaction volumes, enter new markets and expand our mastercard-branded cards and enabled products and services, we seek to enter into business agreements with customers through which we offer incentives, pricing discounts and other support that promote our products. in order to stay competitive, we may have to increase the amount of these incentives and pricing discounts. over the past several years, we have experienced continued pricing pressure. the demand from our customers for better pricing arrangements and greater rebates and incentives moderates our growth. we may not be able to continue our expansion strategy to process additional transaction volumes or to provide additional services to our customers at levels sufficient to compensate for such lower fees or increased costs in the future, which could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations. in addition, increased pressure on prices increases the importance of cost containment and productivity initiatives in areas other than those relating to customer incentives.
in the future, we may not be able to enter into agreements with our customers if they require terms that we are unable or unwilling to offer, and we may be required to modify existing agreements in order to maintain relationships and to compete with others in the industry. some of our competitors are larger and have greater financial resources than we do and accordingly may be able to charge lower prices to our customers. in addition, to the extent that we offer discounts or incentives under such agreements, we will need to further increase transaction volumes or the amount of services provided thereunder in order to benefit incrementally from such agreements and to increase revenue and profit, and we may not be successful in doing so, particularly in the current regulatory environment. our customers also may implement cost reduction initiatives that reduce or eliminate payment product marketing or increase requests for greater incentives or greater cost stability. these factors could have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations.
rapid and significant technological developments and changes could negatively impact our overall business and results of operations or limit our future growth.
the payments industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes, which can impact our business in several ways:
•   technological changes, including continuing developments of technologies in the areas of smart cards and devices, contactless and mobile payments, e-commerce, cryptocurrency and block chain technology, machine learning and ai, could result in new technologies that may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies we currently use in our programs and services. moreover, these changes could result in new and innovative payment methods and programs that could place us at a competitive disadvantage and that could reduce the use of our products.
•   we rely in part on third parties, including some of our competitors and potential competitors, for the development of and access to new technologies. the inability of these companies to keep pace with technological developments, or the acquisition of these companies by competitors, could negatively impact our offerings.
•   our ability to develop and adopt new services and technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide solutions and standards (such as those related to emv, tokenization or other safety and security technologies), and by resistance from customers or merchants to such changes.
•   our ability to develop evolving systems and products may be inhibited by any difficulty we may experience in attracting and retaining technology experts.
•   our ability to adopt these technologies can also be inhibited by intellectual property rights of third parties. we have received, and we may in the future receive, notices or inquiries from patent holders (for example, other operating companies or non-practicing entities) suggesting that we may be infringing certain patents or that we need to license the use of their patents to avoid infringement. such notices may, among other things, threaten litigation against us or our customers or demand significant license fees.
•   our ability to develop new technologies and reflect technological changes in our payments offerings will require resources, which may result in additional expenses.
•   we work with technology companies (such as digital players and mobile providers) that use our technology to enhance payment safety and security and to deliver their payment-related products and services quickly and efficiently to consumers. our inability to keep pace technologically could negatively impact the willingness of these customers to work with us, and could encourage them to use their own technology and compete against us.
we cannot predict the effect of technological changes on our business, and our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate, develop or adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards. failure to keep pace with these technological developments or otherwise bring to market products that reflect these technologies could lead to a decline in the use of our products, which could have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations.
operating a new real-time account-based payments network in connection with our vocalink acquisition presents risks that could materially affect our business.
our acquisition of vocalink in 2017 added real-time account-based payment technology to the suite of capabilities we offer. while expansion into this space presents business opportunities, there are also regulatory and operational risks associated with administering a new type of payments network and with integrating this acquisition into our business.
operating a new type of payments system presents new regulatory and operational risks. english regulators have designated this platform to be "critical national infrastructure" and regulators in other countries may in the future expand their regulatory oversight of real-time account-based payments systems in similar ways. in addition, any prolonged service outage on this network could result in quickly escalating impacts, including potential intervention by the bank of england and significant reputational risk to vocalink and us. for a discussion of the regulatory risks related to our real-time account-based payments platform, see our risk factor in "risk factors - regulation related to our participation in the payments industry" in this part i, item 1a. furthermore, the complexity of this payment technology requires careful management to address security vulnerabilities that are different from those faced on our core network. while we are leveraging vocalink's talent and expertise, we may face challenges in adapting to the complex requirements of operating a new payments system. operational difficulties, such as the temporary unavailability of our services or products, or security breaches on our real-time account-based payments network could cause a loss of business for these products and services, result in potential liability for us and adversely affect our reputation.
we are also working to embed the new products and technology acquired from vocalink into our existing markets. this product convergence requires tight working relationships and integration with the people and corporate culture of vocalink as a critical success factor. not managing the integration successfully could result in larger-than-expected integration costs, which could be significant. if we fail to successfully embed these new technologies, we may lose existing vocalink business and may not remain competitive in our payment technology offerings as compared to our competitors. see our risk factor in "risk factors - acquisitions" in this part i, item 1a for more information on risks relating to the integrating our acquisitions.
working with new customers and end users as we expand our integrated products and services can present operational challenges, be costly and result in reputational damage if the new products or services do not perform as intended.
the payments markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid technological change, new product introductions, evolving industry standards and changing customer and consumer needs. in order to remain competitive and meet the needs of the payments market, we are continually involved in diversifying our integrated products and services. these efforts carry the risks associated with any diversification initiative, including cost overruns, delays in delivery and performance problems. these projects also carry risks associated with working with different types of customers, for example organizations such as corporations that are not financial institutions and non-governmental organizations ("ngos"), and end users than those we have traditionally worked with. these differences may present new operational challenges in the development and implementation of our new products or services.
our failure to render these integrated products and services could make our other integrated products and services less desirable to customers, or put us at a competitive disadvantage. in addition, if there is a delay in the implementation of our products or services or if our products or services do not perform as anticipated, we could face additional regulatory scrutiny, fines, sanctions or other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations, as well as negatively impact our brand and reputation.
information security and service disruptions information security incidents or account data compromise events could disrupt our business, damage our reputation, increase our costs and cause losses.
information security risks for payments and technology companies such as ours have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties. these threats may derive from fraud or malice on the part of our employees or third parties, or may result from human error or accidental technological failure. these threats include cyber-attacks such as computer viruses, malicious code, phishing attacks or information security breaches and could lead to the misappropriation of consumer account and other information and identity theft.
our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer systems and networks. our customers and other parties in the payments value chain, as well as account holders, rely on our digital technologies, computer systems, software and networks to conduct their operations. in addition, to access our integrated products and services, our customers and account holders increasingly use personal smartphones, tablet pcs and other mobile devices that may be beyond our control. we, like other financial technology organizations, routinely are subject to cyber-threats and our technologies, systems and networks have been subject to attempted cyber-attacks. because of our position in the payments value chain, we believe that we are likely to continue to be a target of such threats and attacks. additionally, geopolitical events and resulting government activity could also lead to information security threats and attacks by affected jurisdictions and their sympathizers.
to date, we have not experienced any material impact relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches. however, future attacks or breaches could lead to security breaches of the networks, systems or devices that our customers use to access our integrated products and services, which in turn could result in the unauthorized disclosure, release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of confidential, proprietary and other information (including account data information) or data security compromises. such attacks or breaches could also cause service interruptions, malfunctions or other failures in the physical infrastructure or operations systems that support our businesses and customers (such as the lack of availability of our value-added systems), as well as the operations of our customers or other third parties.  in addition, they could lead to damage to our reputation with our customers and other parties and the market, additional costs to us (such as repairing systems, adding new personnel or protection technologies or compliance costs), regulatory penalties, financial losses to both us and our customers and partners and the loss of customers and business opportunities. if such attacks are not detected immediately, their effect could be compounded.
we maintain an information security program, a business continuity program and insurance coverage (each reviewed by our board of directors and its audit committee), and our processing systems incorporate multiple levels of protection, in order to address or otherwise mitigate these risks. we also continually test our systems to discover and address any potential vulnerabilities. despite these mitigation efforts, there can be no assurance that we will be immune to these risks and not suffer material breaches and resulting losses in the future, or that our insurance coverage would be sufficient to cover all losses. our risk and exposure to these matters remain heightened because of, among other things, the evolving nature of these threats, our prominent size and scale and our role in the global payments and technology industries, our plans to continue to implement our digital and mobile channel strategies and develop additional remote connectivity solutions to serve our customers and account holders when and how they want to be served, our global presence, our extensive use of third-party vendors and future joint venture and merger and acquisition opportunities. as a result, information security and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. as cyber-threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. any of the risks described above could materially adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
in addition to information security risks for our systems, we also routinely encounter account data compromise events involving merchants and third-party payment processors that process, store or transmit payment transaction data, which affect millions of mastercard, visa, discover, american express and other types of account holders. these events, some of which have been high profile, typically involve external agents hacking the merchants' or third-party processors' systems and installing malware to compromise the confidentiality and integrity of those systems. further events of this type may subject us to reputational damage and/or lawsuits involving payment products carrying our brands. damage to our reputation or that of our brands resulting from an account data breach of either our systems or the systems of our customers, merchants and other third parties could decrease the use and acceptance of our integrated products and services. such events could also slow or reverse the trend toward electronic payments. in addition to reputational concerns, while most of the lawsuits resulting from account data breaches do not involve direct claims against us and while we have releases from many issuers and acquirers, we could still face damage claims, which, if upheld, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. such events could have a material adverse impact on our transaction volumes, results of operations and prospects for future growth, or increase our costs by leading to additional regulatory burdens being imposed on us.
service disruptions that cause us to be unable to process transactions or service our customers could materially affect our overall business and results of operations.
our transaction switching systems and other offerings may experience interruptions as a result of technology malfunctions, fire, weather events, power outages, telecommunications disruptions, terrorism, workplace violence, accidents or other catastrophic events. our visibility in the global payments industry may also put us at greater risk of attack by terrorists, activists, or hackers who intend to disrupt our facilities and/or systems. additionally, we rely on third-party service providers for the timely transmission of information across our global data network. inadequate infrastructure in lesser-developed markets could also result in service disruptions, which could impact our ability to do business in those markets. if one of our service providers fails to provide the communications capacity or services we require, as a result of natural disaster, operational disruptions, terrorism, hacking or any other reason, the failure could interrupt our services. although we maintain a business continuity program to analyze risk, assess potential impacts, and develop effective response strategies, we cannot ensure that our business would be immune to these risks, because of the intrinsic importance of our switching systems to our business, any interruption or degradation could adversely affect the perception of the reliability of products carrying our brands and materially adversely affect our overall business and our results of operations.
financial institution customers and other stakeholder relationships losing a significant portion of business from one or more of our largest financial institution customers could lead to significant revenue decreases in the longer term, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and our results of operations.
most of our financial institution customer relationships are not exclusive and may be terminated by our customers. our customers can reassess their commitments to us at any time in the future and/or develop their own competitive services. accordingly, our business agreements with these customers may not reduce the risk inherent in our business that customers may terminate their relationships with us in favor of relationships with our competitors, or for other reasons, or might not meet their contractual obligations to us.
in addition, a significant portion of our revenue is concentrated among our five largest financial institution customers. loss of business from any of our large customers could have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations.
exclusive/near exclusive relationships certain customers have with our competitors may have a material adverse impact on our business.
certain customers have exclusive, or nearly-exclusive, relationships with our competitors to issue payment products, and these relationships may make it difficult or cost-prohibitive for us to do significant amounts of business with them to increase our revenues. in addition, these customers may be more successful and may grow faster than the customers that primarily issue our payment products, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. furthermore, we earn substantial revenue from customers with nearly-exclusive relationships with our competitors. such relationships could provide advantages to the customers to shift business from us to the competitors with which they are principally aligned. a significant loss of our existing revenue or transaction volumes from these customers could have a material adverse impact on our business.
consolidation in the banking industry could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
the banking industry has undergone substantial, accelerated consolidation in the past. consolidations have included customers with a substantial mastercard portfolio being acquired by institutions with a strong relationship with a competitor. if significant consolidation among customers were to continue, it could result in the substantial loss of business for us, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and prospects. in addition, one or more of our customers could seek to merge with, or acquire, one of our competitors, and any such transaction could also have a material adverse impact on our overall business. consolidation could also produce a smaller number of large customers, which could increase their bargaining power and lead to lower prices and/or more favorable terms for our customers. these developments could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
our business significantly depends on the continued success and competitiveness of our issuing and acquiring customers and, in many jurisdictions, their ability to effectively manage or help manage our brands.
while we work directly with many stakeholders in the payments system, including merchants, governments and large digital companies and other technology companies, we are, and will continue to be, significantly dependent on our relationships with our issuers and acquirers and their respective relationships with account holders and merchants to support our programs and services. furthermore, we depend on our issuing partners and acquirers to continue to innovate to maintain competitiveness in the market. we do not issue cards or other payment devices, extend credit to account holders or determine the interest rates or other fees charged to account holders. each issuer determines these and most other competitive payment program features. in addition, we do not establish the discount rate that merchants are charged for acceptance, which is the responsibility of our acquiring customers. as a result, our business significantly depends on the continued success and competitiveness of our issuing and acquiring customers and the strength of our relationships with them. in turn, our customers' success depends on a variety of factors over which we have little or no influence, including economic conditions in global financial markets or their disintermediation by competitors or emerging technologies. if our customers become financially unstable, we may lose revenue or we may be exposed to settlement risk. see our risk factor in "risk factors - settlement and third-party obligations" in this part i, item 1a with respect to how we guarantee certain third-party obligations for further discussion.
with the exception of the united states and a select number of other jurisdictions, most in-country (as opposed to cross-border) transactions conducted using mastercard, maestro and cirrus cards are authorized, cleared and settled by our customers or other processors. because we do not provide domestic switching services in these countries and do not, as described above, have direct relationships with account holders, we depend on our close working relationships with our customers to effectively manage our brands, and the perception of our payments system, among consumers in these countries. we also rely on these customers to help manage our brands and perception among regulators and merchants in these countries, alongside our own relationships with them. from time to time, our customers may take actions that we do not believe to be in the best interests of our payments system overall, which may materially and adversely impact our business.
merchants' continued focus on acceptance costs may lead to additional litigation and regulatory proceedings and increase our incentive program costs, which could materially and adversely affect our profitability.
merchants are important constituents in our payments system. we rely on both our relationships with them, as well as their relationships with our issuer and acquirer customers, to continue to expand the acceptance of our integrated products and services. we also work with merchants to help them enable new sales channels, create better purchase experiences, improve efficiencies, increase revenues and fight fraud. in the retail industry, there is a set of larger merchants with increasingly global scope and influence. we believe that these merchants are having a significant impact on all participants in the global payments industry, including mastercard. some large merchants have supported the legal, regulatory and legislative challenges to interchange fees that mastercard has been defending, including the u.s. merchant litigations. see our risk factor in "risk factors - risks related to our participation in the payments industry" in this part i, item 1a with respect to payments industry regulation, including interchange fees. the continued focus of merchants on the costs of accepting various forms of payment, including in connection with the growth of digital payments, may lead to additional litigation and regulatory proceedings.
certain larger merchants are also able to negotiate incentives from us and pricing concessions from our issuer and acquirer customers as a condition to accepting our products. we also make payments to certain merchants to incentivize them to create co-branded payment programs with us. as merchants consolidate and become even larger, we may have to increase the amount of incentives that we provide to certain merchants, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. competitive and regulatory pressures on pricing could make it difficult to offset the costs of these incentives. additionally, if the rate of merchant acceptance growth slows our business could suffer.
our work with governments exposes us to unique risks that could have a material impact on our business and results of operations.
as we increase our work with national, state and local governments, both indirectly through financial institutions and with them directly as our customers, we may face various risks inherent in associating or contracting directly with governments. these risks include, but are not limited to, the following:
•   governmental entities typically fund projects through appropriated monies. changes in governmental priorities or other political developments, including disruptions in governmental operations, could impact approved funding and result in changes in the scope, or lead to the termination of, the arrangements or contracts we or financial institutions enter into with respect to our payment products and services.
•   our work with governments subjects us to u.s. and international anti-corruption laws, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act. a violation and subsequent judgment or settlement under these laws could subject us to substantial monetary penalties and damages and have a significant reputational impact.
•   working or contracting with governments, either directly or via our financial institution customers, can subject us to heightened reputational risks, including extensive scrutiny and publicity, as well as a potential association with the policies of a government as a result of a business arrangement with that government. any negative publicity or negative association with a government entity, regardless of its accuracy, may adversely affect our reputation.
settlement and third-party obligations our role as guarantor exposes us to risk of loss or illiquidity.
we are a guarantor of certain third-party obligations, including those of:
•   principal customers, which are customers that participate directly in our programs and are responsible for their own settlement and other activities as well as those of their sponsored affiliate customers
•   affiliate debit licensees in this capacity, we are exposed to risk of loss or illiquidity:
•   if our principal customer or affiliate debit licensee is unable to fulfill its settlement obligations to other customers, we may bear the loss.
concurrent settlement failures of more than one of our larger customers or of several of our smaller customers either on a given day or over a condensed period of time may exceed our available resources and could materially and adversely affect our overall business and liquidity. even if we have sufficient liquidity to cover a settlement failure, we may not be able to recover the cost of such a payment and may therefore be exposed to significant losses, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. should an event occur that would trigger any significant indemnification obligation which we owe to any customers or other companies, such an obligation could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
we mitigate the contingent risk of a settlement failure using various strategies, including monitoring our customers' financial condition, their economic and political operating environments and their compliance with our participation standards. for more information on our settlement exposure and risk assessment and mitigation practices, see note 19 (settlement and other risk management) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8.
global economic and political environment global financial market activity could result in a material and adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations.
adverse economic trends (including distress in financial markets, turmoil in specific economies around the world and additional government intervention) have impacted the environment in which we operate. the condition of the economic environment may accelerate the timing of or increase the impact of risks to our financial performance. such impact may include, but is not limited to, the following:
•   our customers may:
ø   restrict credit lines to account holders or limit the issuance of new mastercard products to mitigate increasing account holder defaults
ø   implement cost reduction initiatives that reduce or eliminate payment product marketing or increase requests for greater incentives or greater cost stability
ø   default on their settlement obligations, including as a result of sovereign defaults, causing a liquidity crisis for our other customers
•   consumer spending can be negatively impacted by:
ø   declining economies, foreign currency fluctuations and the pace of economic recovery, which can change cross-border travel patterns, on which a significant portion of our revenues is dependent
ø   low levels of consumer and business confidence typically associated with recessionary environments and those markets experiencing relatively high unemployment
•   government intervention (including the effect of laws, regulations and/or government investments on or in our financial institution customers), as well as uncertainty due to changing political regimes in executive, legislative and/or judicial branches of government, may have potential negative effects on our business and our relationships with customers or otherwise alter their strategic direction away from our products.
•   tightening of credit availability could impact the ability of participating financial institutions to lend to us under the terms of our credit facility.
any of these developments could have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations.
a decline in cross-border activity could adversely affect our results of operations.
we switch substantially all cross-border transactions using mastercard, maestro and cirrus-branded cards and generate a significant amount of revenue from cross-border volume fees and fees related to switched transactions. revenue from switching cross-border and currency conversion transactions for our customers fluctuates with the levels and destinations of cross-border travel and our customers' need for transactions to be converted into their base currency. cross-border activity may be adversely affected by world geopolitical, economic, weather and other conditions. these include the threat of terrorism and outbreaks of flu, viruses and other diseases. additionally, any regulation of interregional interchange fees could negatively impact our cross-border activity, which could decrease the revenue we receive. any such decline in cross-border activity could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
negative trends in spending could negatively impact our results of operations.
the global payments industry depends heavily upon the overall level of consumer, business and government spending. general economic conditions (such as unemployment, housing and changes in interest rates) and other political conditions (such as devaluation of currencies and government restrictions on consumer spending) in key countries in which we operate may adversely affect our financial performance by reducing the number or average purchase amount of transactions involving our products.
adverse currency fluctuations and foreign exchange controls could negatively impact our results of operations.
during 2017, approximately 65% of our revenue was generated from activities outside the united states. this revenue (and the related expense) could be transacted in a non-functional currency or valued based on a currency other than the functional currency of the entity generating the revenues. resulting exchange gains and losses are included in our net income. our risk management activities provide protection with respect to adverse changes in the value of only a limited number of currencies and are based on estimates of exposures to these currencies.
in addition, some of the revenue we generate outside the united states is subject to unpredictable currency fluctuations including devaluation of currencies where the values of other currencies change relative to the u.s. dollar. if the u.s. dollar strengthens compared to currencies in which we generate revenue, this revenue may be translated at a materially lower amount than expected. furthermore, we may become subject to exchange control regulations that might restrict or prohibit the conversion of our other revenue currencies into u.s. dollars, such as what we have experienced in venezuela.
the occurrence of currency fluctuations or exchange controls could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
the united kingdom's proposed withdrawal from the european union could harm our business and financial results.
in june 2016, voters in the united kingdom approved the withdrawal of the u.k. from the e.u. (commonly referred to as "brexit"). the u.k. government triggered article 50 of the lisbon treaty on may 29, 2017, which commenced the official e.u. withdrawal process. uncertainty over the terms of the u.k.'s departure from the e.u. could cause political and economic uncertainty in the u.k. and the rest of europe, which could harm our business and financial results.
brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations in the u.k. and e.u. we, as well as our clients who have significant operations in the u.k., may incur additional costs and expenses as we adapt to potentially divergent regulatory frameworks from the rest of the e.u. in addition, because we conduct business in and have operations in the u.k., we may need to apply for regulatory authorization and permission in separate e.u. member states. we may also face additional complexity with regard to immigration and travel rights for our employees located in the u.k. and the e.u. these factors may impact our ability to operate in the e.u. and u.k. seamlessly. any of these effects of brexit, among others, could harm our business and financial results.
reputational impact negative brand perception may materially and adversely affect our overall business.
our brands and their attributes are key assets of our business. the ability to attract consumers to our branded products and retain them depends upon the external perception of us and our industry. our business may be affected by actions taken by our customers, merchants or other organizations that impact the perception of our brands or the payments industry in general. from time to time, our customers may take actions that we do not believe to be in the best interests of our brands, such as creditor practices that may be viewed as "predatory". additionally, large digital companies and other technology companies who are our customers use our networks to build their own acceptance brands, which could cause consumer confusion and decrease the value of our brand. moreover, adverse developments with respect to our industry or the industries of our customers may also, by association, impair our reputation, or result in greater regulatory or legislative scrutiny. we have also been pursuing the use of social media channels at an increasingly rapid pace. under some circumstances, our use of social media, or the use of social media by others as a channel for criticism or other purposes, could also cause rapid, widespread reputational harm to our brands by disseminating rapidly and globally actual or perceived damaging information about us, our products or merchants or other end users who utilize our products. also, as we are headquartered in the united states, a negative perception of the united states could impact the perception of our company, which could adversely affect our business. such perception and damage to our reputation could have a material and adverse effect to our overall business.
acquisitions acquisitions, strategic investments or entry into new businesses could disrupt our business and harm our results of operations or reputation.
although we may continue to evaluate and/or make strategic acquisitions of, or acquire interests in joint ventures or other entities related to, complementary businesses, products or technologies, we may not be able to successfully partner with or integrate them, despite original intentions and focused efforts. in addition, such an integration may divert management's time and resources from our core business and disrupt our operations. moreover, we may spend time and money on acquisitions or projects that do not meet our expectations or increase our revenue. to the extent we pay the purchase price of any acquisition in cash, it would reduce our cash reserves available to us for other uses, and to the extent the purchase price is paid with our stock, it could be dilutive to our stockholders. furthermore, we may not be able to successfully finance the business following the acquisition as a result of costs of operations, including any litigation risk which may be inherited from the acquisition.
any acquisition or entry into a new business could subject us to new regulations with which we would need to comply. this compliance could increase our costs, and we could be subject to liability or reputational harm to the extent we cannot meet any such compliance requirements. our expansion into new businesses could also result in unanticipated issues which may be difficult to manage.
class a common stock and governance structure provisions in our organizational documents and delaware law could be considered anti-takeover provisions and have an impact on change-in-control.
provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and delaware law could be considered anti-takeover provisions, including provisions that could delay or prevent entirely a merger or acquisition that our stockholders consider favorable. these provisions may also discourage acquisition proposals or have the effect of delaying or preventing entirely a change in control, which could harm our stock price. for example, subject to limited exceptions, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prohibits any person from beneficially owning more than 15% of any of the class a common stock or any other class or series of our stock with general voting power, or more than 15% of our total voting power. in addition:
•   our stockholders are not entitled to the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors
•   a vote of 80% or more of all of the outstanding shares of our stock then entitled to vote is required for stockholders to amend any provision of our bylaws
•   any representative of a competitor of mastercard or of mastercard foundation is disqualified from service on our board of directors mastercard foundation's substantial stock ownership, and restrictions on its sales, may impact corporate actions or acquisition proposals favorable to, or favored by, the other public stockholders.
as of february 9, 2018, mastercard foundation owned 112,181,762 shares of class a common stock, representing approximately 10.8% of our general voting power. mastercard foundation may not sell or otherwise transfer its shares of class a common stock prior to may 1, 2027, except to the extent necessary to satisfy its charitable disbursement requirements, for which purpose earlier sales are permitted. mastercard foundation is permitted to sell all of its remaining shares after may 1, 2027. the directors of mastercard foundation are required to be independent of us and our customers. the ownership of class a common stock by mastercard foundation, together with the restrictions on transfer, could discourage or make more difficult acquisition proposals favored by the other holders of the class a common stock. in addition, because mastercard foundation is restricted from selling its shares for an extended period of time, it may not have the same interest in short or medium-term movements in our stock price as, or incentive to approve a corporate action that may be favorable to, our other stockholders.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes of mastercard incorporated and its consolidated subsidiaries, including mastercard international incorporated ("mastercard international") (together, "mastercard" or the "company"), included elsewhere in this report. this change only relates to terminology; no previously reported amounts have changed. percentage changes provided throughout "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" were calculated on amounts rounded to the nearest thousand.
business overview mastercard is a technology company in the global payments industry that connects consumers, financial institutions, merchants, governments, digital partners, businesses and other organizations worldwide, enabling them to use electronic forms of payment instead of cash and checks. through our global payments processing network, we facilitate the switching (authorization, clearing and settlement) of payment transactions and deliver related products and services. we make payments easier and more efficient by creating a wide range of payment solutions and services using our family of well-known brands, including mastercard®, maestro®, cirrus® and masterpass®. our recent acquisition of vocalink holdings limited ("vocalink") has expanded our capability to process automated clearing house ("ach") transactions, among other things. as a multi-rail network, we now offer customers one partner to turn to for their payment needs for both domestic and cross-border transactions. we also provide value-added offerings such as safety and security products, information services and consulting, loyalty and reward programs and issuer and acquirer processing. our networks are designed to ensure safety and security for the global payments system.
a typical transaction on our core network involves four participants in addition to us: account holder (a consumer who holds a card or uses another device enabled for payment), merchant, issuer (the account holder's financial institution) and acquirer (the merchant's financial institution). we do not issue cards, extend credit, determine or receive revenue from interest rates or other fees charged to account holders by issuers, or establish the rates charged by acquirers in connection with merchants' acceptance of our branded products. in most cases, account holder relationships belong to, and are managed by, our financial institution customers.
we generate revenues from assessing our customers based on the gross dollar volume (the "gdv") of activity on the products that carry our brands, from the fees we charge to our customers for providing transaction processing and from other payment-related products and services.
business environment we authorize, clear and settle transactions in more than 210 countries and territories and in more than 150 currencies. net revenue generated in the united states was 35% of total revenue in 2017 and 38% in 2016 and 39% in 2015. no individual country, other than the united states, generated more than 10% of total net revenue in any such period, but differences in market growth, economic health and foreign exchange fluctuations in certain countries can have an impact on the proportion of revenue generated outside the united states over time. while the global nature of our business helps protect our operating results from adverse economic conditions in a single or a few countries, the significant concentration of our revenue generated in the united states makes our business particularly susceptible to adverse economic conditions in the united states.
the competitive and evolving nature of the global payments industry provides both challenges to and opportunities for the continued growth of our business. adverse economic trends (including distress in financial markets, currency fluctuations, turmoil in specific economies around the world and additional government intervention) have impacted the environment in which we operate. certain of our customers, merchants that accept our brands and account holders who use our brands, have been directly impacted by these adverse economic conditions.
our financial results may be negatively impacted by actions taken by individual financial institutions or by governmental or regulatory bodies. in addition, political instability or a decline in economic conditions in the countries in which we operate may accelerate the timing of or increase the impact of risks to our financial performance. as a result, our revenue or results of operations may be negatively impacted. we continue to monitor political and economic conditions around the world to identify opportunities for the continued growth of our business and to evaluate the evolution of the global payments industry. notwithstanding recent encouraging trends, the extent and pace of economic recovery in various regions remains uncertain and the overall business environment may present challenges for us to grow our business.
for a full discussion of the various legal, regulatory and business risks that could impact our financial results, see "risk factors" in part i, item 1a.
financial results overview the following tables provide a summary of our operating results:
operating expenses                               $5,875                  $5,015                              17%           $5,015                  $4,589                               9%
operating income                                 $6,622                  $5,761                              15%           $5,761                  $5,078                              13%
operating margin                                   53.0     %              53.5     %                  (0.5) ppt             53.5     %              52.5     %                    0.9 ppt income tax expense                               $2,607                  $1,587                              64%           $1,587                  $1,150                              38%
summary of non-gaap results 1:
adjusted operating expenses              $5,693                  $4,898                     16%                         16%          $4,898                  $4,449                     10%                         12%
adjusted operating margin                  54.4     %              54.5     %         (0.1) ppt                   (0.2) ppt            54.5     %              54.0     %           0.6 ppt                     0.6 ppt adjusted effective income tax rate         26.8     %              28.1     %         (1.3) ppt                   (1.3) ppt            28.1     %              23.4     %           4.6 ppt                     4.7 ppt adjusted net income                      $4,906                  $4,144                     18%                         17%          $4,144                  $3,903                      6%                          7%
1 the summary of non-gaap results excludes the impact of special items and/or foreign currency. see "non-gaap financial information" for further information on the special items, the impact of foreign currency and the reconciliation to gaap reported amounts.
ø   switched transaction growth of 17%
ø   cross border growth of 15% on a local currency basis
ø   an increase of 10% in gross dollar volume, on a local currency basis and adjusted for the impact of the 2016 eu regulation change
ø   acquisitions contributed 2 percentage points of growth
ø   these increases were partially offset by higher rebates and incentives
•   operating expenses increased 17% in 2017 versus 2016. excluding the impact of special items, adjusted operating expenses increased 16%, both as adjusted and on a currency-neutral basis, in 2017 versus 2016. the impact of acquisitions contributed 6 percentage points of growth for the twelve months ended december 31, 2017. other factors contributing to the increase were continued investments in strategic initiatives as well as foreign exchange related charges.
•   the effective income tax rate increased 11.9 percentage points to 40.0% in 2017 versus 28.1% in 2016, primarily due to the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tcja"). excluding the impact of the tcja and other special items, the 2017 adjusted effective income tax rate improved by 1.3 percentage points to 26.8% from 28.1% in 2016 primarily due to a more favorable geographical mix of taxable earnings, partially offset by a lower u.s. foreign tax credit benefit.
other financial highlights for 2017 were as follows:
•   we generated net cash flows from operations of $5.6 billion in 2017, versus $4.5 billion in 2016.
•   we repurchased 30 million shares of our common stock for $3.8 billion and paid dividends of $942 million in 2017.
•   we acquired businesses for total consideration of $1.5 billion in 2017, the largest of which was vocalink holdings limited ("vocalink"), which expanded our capability, among other things, to process real-time account-based payment transactions.
•   the tcja, enacted in 2017, will reduce the u.s. corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% beginning in 2018, imposes a one-time deemed repatriation tax on accumulated foreign earnings (the "transition tax") and puts into effect the migration towards a territorial tax system. while the enactment of the tcja resulted in additional tax expense of $873 million in 2017, it is expected to have a favorable impact on our effective tax rate in future periods. see note 17 (income taxes) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion of the tcja impact.
non-gaap financial information non-gaap financial information is defined as a numerical measure of a company's performance that excludes or includes amounts so as to be different than the most comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"). these non-gaap financial measures exclude the impact of the following special items ("special items"). we excluded these special items as management monitors significant changes in tax law, litigation judgments and settlements related to interchange and regulation, and significant one-time items separately from ongoing operations and evaluates ongoing performance without these amounts.
•   in 2017, due to the passage of the tcja, we incurred additional tax expense of $873 million, $0.81 per diluted share, which includes $825 million of provisional charges attributable to the transition tax, the remeasurement of our net deferred tax asset balance in the u.s. and the recognition of a deferred tax liability related to a change in assertion regarding reinvestment of foreign earnings, as well as $48 million in additional tax expense related to a foregone foreign tax credit benefit on current year repatriations (collectively the "tax act impact"). see financial results of this section and note 17 (income taxes) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion of the tcja.
•   in 2017, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $167 million ($108 million after tax, or $0.10 per diluted share) in general and administrative expenses related to the deconsolidation of our venezuelan subsidiaries (the "venezuela charge"). see impact of foreign currency of this section and note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion of the venezuela charge.
•   in 2017, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $15 million ($10 million after tax, or $0.01 per diluted share) in provision for litigation settlements expense, related to a litigation settlement with canadian merchants (the "canadian merchant litigation provision"). in 2016 and 2015, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $117 million ($85 million after tax, or $0.08 per diluted share) and $61 million ($45 million after tax, or $0.04 per diluted share), respectively, in provision for litigation settlements expense, related to separate litigations with merchants in the u.k. (collectively the "u.k. merchant litigation provision"). see note 18 (legal and regulatory proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion of the canadian merchant litigation provision and the u.k. merchant litigation provision.
•   in 2015, we recorded a settlement charge of $79 million ($50 million after tax, or $0.04 per diluted share) in general and administrative expenses, relating to the termination of our qualified u.s. defined benefit pension plan (the "u.s.
employee pension plan settlement charge"). see note 11 (pension, postretirement and savings plans) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion of the u.s. employee pension plan settlement charge.
in addition, we present growth rates adjusted for the impact of foreign currency, which is a non-gaap financial measure. for 2017 and 2016, we present currency-neutral growth rates, which are calculated by remeasuring the prior period's results using the current period's exchange rates for both the translational and transactional impacts on operating results. the impact of foreign currency translation represents the effect of translating operating results where the functional currency is different than our u.s. dollar reporting currency. the impact of the transactional foreign currency represents the effect of converting revenue and expenses occurring in a currency other than the functional currency. our management believes the presentation of the impact of foreign currency provides relevant information.
our management believes that the non-gaap financial measures presented facilitate an understanding of our operating performance and provide a meaningful comparison of our results between periods. our management uses non-gaap financial measures to, among other things, evaluate our ongoing operations in relation to historical results, for internal planning and forecasting purposes and in the calculation of performance-based compensation.
net revenue, operating expenses, operating margin, effective income tax rate, net income and diluted earnings per share, adjusted for special items and/or the impact of foreign currency, are non-gaap financial measures and should not be relied upon as substitutes for measures calculated in accordance with gaap. the following tables reconcile our as-reported financial measures calculated in accordance with gaap to the respective non-gaap adjusted financial measures.
operating expenses                 operating margin          effective income tax rate             net income            diluted earnings per share tax act impact                           **                                    **                          (13.4   )%                        873                             0.81
operating expenses                 operating margin        effective income tax rate          net income             diluted earnings per share operating expenses           operating margin          effective income tax rate             net income            diluted earnings per share the following tables represent the reconciliation of our growth rates reported under gaap to our non-gaap growth rates, adjusted for special items and foreign currency:
net revenue                operating expenses           operating margin           effective income tax rate              net income              diluted earnings per share reported - gaap                          16      %                      17           %                  (0.5) ppt           11.9 ppt                               (4      )%                      (1              )%
tax act impact                           **                             **                                     **           (13.4) ppt                             21       %                      22               %
net revenue                operating expenses           operating margin           effective income tax rate              net income              diluted earnings per share reported - gaap                                11      %                       9           %                    0.9 ppt                             4.9 ppt               7       %                      10               %
1 represents the foreign currency translational and transactional impact.
impact of foreign currency rates our overall operating results are impacted by foreign currency translation, which represents the effect of translating operating results where the functional currency is different than our u.s. dollar reporting currency.
our operating results can also be impacted by transactional foreign currency. the impact of the transactional foreign currency represents the effect of converting revenue and expense transactions occurring in a currency other than the functional currency. changes in foreign currency exchange rates directly impact the calculation of gross dollar volume ("gdv") and gross euro volume ("gev"), which are used in the calculation of our domestic assessments, cross-border volume fees and volume-related rebates and incentives. in most non-european regions, gdv is calculated based on local currency spending volume converted to u.s. dollars using average exchange rates for the period. in europe, gev is calculated based on local currency spending volume converted to euros using average exchange rates for the period. as a result, our domestic assessments, cross-border volume fees and volume-related rebates and incentives are impacted by the strengthening or weakening of the u.s. dollar versus non-european local currencies and the strengthening or weakening of the euro versus other european local currencies. for example, our billing in australia is in the u.s. dollar, however, consumer spend in australia is in the australian dollar. the foreign currency transactional impact of converting australian dollars to our u.s. dollar billing currency will have an impact on the revenue generated. the strengthening or weakening of the u.s. dollar is evident when gdv growth on a u.s. dollar-converted basis is compared to gdv growth on a local currency basis. in 2017, gdv on a u.s. dollar-converted basis increased 8.7%, while gdv on a local currency basis increased 8.6% versus 2016. in 2016, gdv on a u.s. dollar-converted basis increased 5.5%, while gdv on a local currency basis increased 9.1% versus 2015. further, the impact from transactional foreign currency occurs in transaction processing revenue, other revenue and operating expenses when the local currency of these items are different than the functional currency.
in addition, we incur foreign currency gains and losses from remeasuring monetary assets and liabilities that are in a currency other than the functional currency and from remeasuring foreign exchange derivative contracts ("foreign exchange activity"). the impact of foreign exchange activity has not been eliminated in our currency-neutral results (see "non-gaap financial information") and is recorded in general and administrative expenses. we attempt to manage foreign currency balance sheet remeasurement and cash flow risk through our foreign exchange risk management activities, which are discussed further in note 20 (foreign exchange risk management) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8. since we do not designate foreign currency derivatives as hedging instruments pursuant to the accounting standards for derivative instruments and hedging activities, we record gains and losses on foreign exchange derivatives on a current basis, with the associated offset being recognized as the exposures materialize.
we are exposed to currency devaluation in certain countries. in addition, we are subject to exchange control regulations that restrict or prohibit the conversion of financial assets into u.s. dollars. while these revenues and assets are not material to us on a consolidated basis, we can be negatively impacted should there be a continued and sustained devaluation of local currencies relative to the u.s. dollar and/or a continued and sustained deterioration of economic conditions in these countries. specifically, in venezuela, due to increasing foreign exchange regulations restricting access to u.s. dollars, an other-than-temporary lack of exchangeability between the venezuela bolivar and the u.s. dollar has impacted our ability to manage risk, process cross-border transactions and satisfy u.s. dollar denominated liabilities related to our venezuelan operations.  as a result of these factors, we concluded that, effective december 31, 2017, we did not meet the accounting criteria for consolidation of these subsidiaries, and therefore we would transition to the cost method of accounting as of december 31, 2017. this accounting change resulted in a pre-tax charge of $167 million ($108 million after tax, or $0.10 per diluted share).  we continue to operate and serve our venezuelan issuers, acquirers, merchants and account holders with our products and services. we do not believe this accounting change will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements in future periods. see note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion.
financial results revenue revenue description our business model involves four participants in addition to us: account holders, merchants, issuers (the account holders' financial institutions) and acquirers (the merchants' financial institutions). we generate revenues from assessing our customers based on the gdv of activity on the products that carry our brands, from the fees that we charge our customers for providing transaction processing and from other payment-related products and services. our revenue is based upon transactional information accumulated by our systems or reported by our customers. our primary revenue billing currencies are the u.s. dollar, euro, brazilian real and the british pound.
the price structure for our products and services is complex and is dependent on the nature of volumes, types of transactions and type of products and services we offer to our customers. our net revenue can be significantly impacted by the following:
•   amount of usage of our other products or services
•   amount of rebates and incentives provided to customers
1.   domestic assessments are fees charged to issuers and acquirers based primarily on the dollar volume of activity on cards and other devices that carry our brands where the merchant country and the issuer country are the same. domestic assessments include items such as card assessments, which are fees charged on the number of cards issued or assessments for specific purposes, such as acceptance development or market development programs.
2.   cross-border volume fees are charged to issuers and acquirers based on the dollar volume of activity on cards and other devices that carry our brands where the merchant country and the issuer country are different. in general, a cross-border transaction generates higher revenue than a domestic transaction since cross-border fees are higher than domestic fees, and may include fees for currency conversion.
3.   transaction processing revenue is earned for both domestic and cross-border transactions and is primarily based on the number of transactions. transaction processing includes the following:
•   switched transactions include the following products and services:
ø   authorization is the process by which a transaction is routed to the issuer for approval. in certain circumstances, such as when the issuer's systems are unavailable or cannot be contacted, mastercard or others, on behalf of the issuer approve in accordance with either the issuer's instructions or applicable rules (also known as "stand-in").
ø   clearing is the determination and exchange of financial transaction information between issuers and acquirers after a transaction has been successfully conducted at the point of interaction. we clear transactions among customers through our central and regional processing systems.
ø   settlement is facilitating the exchange of funds between parties.
•   connectivity fees are charged to issuers, acquirers and other financial institutions for network access, equipment and the transmission of authorization and settlement messages. these fees are based on the size of the data being transmitted and the number of connections to our network.
•   other processing fees include issuer and acquirer processing solutions; payment gateways for e-commerce merchants; mobile gateways for mobile initiated transactions; and safety and security.
4.   other revenues: other revenues consist of other payment-related products and services and are primarily associated with the following:
•   consulting, data analytic and research fees are primarily generated by mastercard advisors, our professional advisory services group.
•   safety and security services fees are for products and services we offer to prevent, detect and respond to fraud and to ensure the safety of transactions made on our products. we work with issuers, merchants and governments to help deploy standards for safe and secure transactions for the global payments system.
•   loyalty and rewards solutions fees are charged to issuers for benefits provided directly to consumers with mastercard-branded cards, such as access to a global airline lounge network, global and local concierge services, individual insurance coverages, emergency card replacement, emergency cash advance services and a 24-hour cardholder service center. for merchants, we provide targeted offers and rewards campaigns and management services for publishing offers, as well as opportunities for holders of co-brand or loyalty cards and rewards program members to obtain rewards points faster.
•   program management services provided to prepaid card issuers consist of foreign exchange margin, commissions, load fees, and atm withdrawal fees paid by cardholders on the sale and encashment of prepaid cards.
•   real-time account-based payment services relating to ach and other ach related services.
•   we also charge for a variety of other payment-related products and services, including account and transaction enhancement services, rules compliance and publications.
5.   rebates and incentives (contra-revenue): rebates and incentives are provided to certain of our customers and are recorded as contra-revenue.
revenue analysis gross revenue increased 18% and 14%, or 17% and 15% on a currency neutral basis, in 2017 and 2016, respectively, versus the prior year. the increase in both 2017 and 2016 was primarily driven by an increase in transactions, dollar volume of activity on cards carrying our brands for both domestic and cross-border transactions and other payment-related products and services.
rebates and incentives increased 22% and 20% in 2017 and 2016, respectively, or 22% on a currency neutral basis in both periods. the increases in rebates and incentives in 2017 and 2016 were primarily due to the impact from new and renewed agreements and increased volumes.
the significant components of our net revenue were as follows:
domestic assessments                         $5,130                $4,411                $4,086                   16%                      8%
transaction processing                        6,188                 5,143                 4,345                   20%                     18%
the following table summarizes the primary drivers of net revenue growth:
domestic assessments     10   %       11   %        -   %          -   %          1     %          (2   )%        6   %   3   (1   )%   3   16   %       8   %
transaction processing   15   %       14   %        1   %          -   %          1     %           -   %         4   %        5    %       20   %      18   %
1 represents the foreign currency translational and transactional impact versus the prior year.
2 includes impact from pricing and other non-volume based fees.
3 includes impact of the allocation of revenue to service deliverables, which are recorded in other revenue when services are performed.
4 includes impacts from advisor fees, safety and security fees, loyalty and reward solution fees and other payment-related products and services.
5 includes the impact from timing of new, renewed and expired agreements.
the following table provides a summary of the trend in volume and transaction growth:
growth (usd)           growth (local)           growth (usd)           growth (local)
switched transactions growth                                  17         %                                    16         %
in 2016, our gdv was impacted by the eu interchange fee regulation related to card payments which became effective in june 2016. the regulation requires that we no longer collect fees on domestic european economic area payment transactions that do not use our network brand. prior to that, we collected a de minimis assessment fee in a few countries, particularly france, on transactions with mastercard co-badged cards if the brands of domestic networks (as opposed to mastercard) were used. as a result, the non-mastercard co-badged volume is no longer being included.
the following table reflects gdv growth rates for europe and worldwide mastercard. for comparability purposes, we adjusted growth rates for the impact of article 8 of the eu interchange fee regulation related to card payments, to exclude the prior period co-badged volume processed by other networks.
growth (local)
a significant portion of our revenue is concentrated among our five largest customers. in 2017, the net revenue from these customers was approximately $2.9 billion, or 23%, of total net revenue. the loss of any of these customers or their significant card programs could adversely impact our revenue. in addition, as part of our business strategy, among other efforts, we enter into business agreements with customers. these agreements can be terminated in a variety of circumstances. see our risk factor in "risk factor - business risks" in part i, item 1a for further discussion.
operating expenses operating expenses increased 17% and 9% in 2017 and 2016, respectively, versus the prior year. excluding the impact of the special items, adjusted operating expenses increased 16% and 10%, or 16% and 12% on a currency neutral basis, in 2017 and 2016, respectively. acquisitions contributed 6 percentage points of growth in 2017.
the components of operating expenses were as follows:
advertising and marketing                                            898                   811                   821             11     %          (1    )%
total operating expenses                                           5,875                 5,015                 4,589             17     %           9     %
adjusted total operating expenses (excluding special items1)      $5,693                $4,898                $4,449             16     %          10     %
1 see "non-gaap financial information" for further information on special items.
the following table summarizes the primary drivers of changes in operating expenses in 2017 and 2016:
for the years ended december 31, operational                              special items 1                 acquisitions                foreign currency 2                      total advertising and marketing              9    %          -   %          -   %           -     %          1    %         -   %          1   %            (1   )%        11   %       (1   )%
total operating expenses               10   %         11   %          1   %           (1    )%         6    %         1   %          1   %            (1   )%        17   %        9    %
1 see "non-gaap financial information" for further information on special items.
2.represents the foreign currency translational and transactional impact versus the prior year.
general and administrative general and administrative expenses increased 22% and 11% in 2017 and 2016, respectively, versus the prior year. excluding the impact of special items, adjusted general and administrative expenses increased 17% and 14% in 2017 and 2016, respectively, versus the prior year. acquisitions contributed 6 percentage points and 1 percentage point of growth in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
the significant components of our general and administrative expenses were as follows:
professional fees                                                               355                   337                   310                    5%                      9%
data processing and telecommunications                                          504                   420                   362                   20%                     16%
foreign exchange activity                                                       106                    34                   (82    )               **                      **
1 see "non-gaap financial information" for further information on special items.
the primary drivers of changes in general and administrative expenses in 2017 and 2016 were:
•   personnel expenses increased 21% and 6% in 2017 and 2016, respectively, versus the prior year. excluding the impact of u.s. employee pension plan settlement charge of $79 million recorded in 2015, personnel expense grew 10% for 2016 versus 2015. the 2017 and 2016 increases were driven by a higher number of employees to support our continued investment in the areas of real-time account payments, digital, services, data analytics and geographic expansion. the impact of acquisitions contributed 6 and 1 percentage points of growth for 2017 and 2016, respectively.
•   professional fees consist primarily of third-party services, legal costs to defend our outstanding litigation and the evaluation of regulatory developments that impact our industry and brand. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to merger and acquisition related consulting costs. the increase in 2016 was primarily due to higher legal costs to defend litigation.
•   data processing and telecommunication charges consist of expenses to support our global payments network infrastructure, expenses to operate and maintain our computer systems and other telecommunication systems. these expenses increased in both 2017 and 2016 due to capacity growth of our business and higher third-party processing costs.
•   foreign exchange activity includes gains and losses on foreign exchange derivative contracts and the impact of remeasurement of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. see note 20 (foreign exchange risk management) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion. during 2017, foreign exchange activity negatively impacted general and administrative expense growth by 2 percentage points versus the comparable period in 2016, due to greater losses from foreign exchange derivative contracts versus the prior year. during 2016, foreign exchange activity negatively impacted general and administrative expense growth by 4 percentage points versus the comparable period in 2015, due to the impact from foreign exchange derivative contracts and the lapping of balance sheet remeasurement gains in the prior year.
•   other expenses include costs to provide loyalty and rewards solutions, travel and meeting expenses and rental expense for our facilities and other miscellaneous charges. other expenses increased 25% and 8% in 2017 and 2016, respectively, versus the prior year. in 2017, other expenses increased due to the impact of the venezuelan charge of $167 million. in 2016, other expenses increased primarily due to higher cardholder services and loyalty costs.
advertising and marketing in 2017, advertising and marketing expenses increased 11% versus 2016, mainly due to higher marketing spend primarily related to masterpass. advertising and marketing expenses decreased 1% in 2016, mainly due to lower sponsorship promotions compared to 2015.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expenses increased 17% and 2% in 2017 and 2016, respectively, versus the prior year. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to the impact of acquisitions. in 2016, the increase was primarily due to higher depreciation from capital investments partially offset by certain intangibles becoming fully amortized.
provision for litigation settlements during 2017 and 2016, we recorded pre-tax charges of $15 million and $117 million related to litigations with merchants in canada and the u.k., respectively. during 2015, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $61 million related to litigations with merchants in the u.k. see note 18 (legal and regulatory proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion.
other income (expense) is comprised primarily of investment income, interest expense, our share of income (losses) from equity method investments and other gains and losses. total other expense decreased $15 million to $100 million in 2017 versus $115 million in 2016 due to lower impairment charges taken on certain investments last year and a gain on an investment in the current year, partially offset by higher interest expense from debt issued in the fourth quarter of 2016. total other expense decreased $5 million to $115 million in 2016 versus $120 million in 2015 due to lower impairment charges taken on certain investments and higher investment income in 2016, partially offset by higher interest expense from debt issued in 2015 and 2016.
income taxes on december 22, 2017, in the u.s., the tcja was signed into law. the tcja, represents significant changes to the u.s. internal revenue code and, among other things:
•   requires a current inclusion in u.s. federal taxable income of earnings of foreign affiliates that are determined to be global intangible low taxed income or "gilti"
•   provides for an effective tax rate of 13.125% for certain income derived from outside of the u.s. (referred to as foreign derived intangible income or "fdii")
•   introduces further limitations on the deductibility of executive compensation
•   permits 100% expensing of qualifying fixed assets acquired after september 27, 2017
•   limits the deductibility of interest expense in certain situations
•   eliminates the domestic production activities deduction while the effective date of the law for most of the above provisions is january 1, 2018, gaap requires the resulting tax effects be accounted for in the reporting period of enactment. the impact of the tcja is discussed further below and in note 17 (income taxes) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8.
the effective income tax rate for 2017 was higher than the effective income tax rate for 2016 primarily due to additional tax expense of $873 million attributable to the tcja, which includes $825 million of provisional charges related to the transition tax, the remeasurement of our net deferred tax asset balance in the u.s. and the recognition of a deferred tax liability related to a change in assertion regarding the reinvestment of foreign earnings, as well as $48 million in additional tax expense due to a foregone foreign tax credit benefit on current year repatriations. excluding the impact of the tcja and other special items, the 2017 adjusted effective income tax rate improved by 1.3 percentage points to 26.8% from 28.1% in 2016 primarily due to a more favorable geographical mix of taxable earnings, partially offset by a lower u.s. foreign tax credit benefit.
the effective income tax rate for 2016 was higher than the effective income tax rate for 2015 primarily due to benefits associated with the impact of settlements with tax authorities in multiple jurisdictions in 2015, the lapping of a discrete benefit relating to certain foreign taxes that became eligible to be claimed as credits in the united states in 2015, and a higher u.s. foreign tax credit benefit associated with the repatriation of current year foreign earnings in 2015. these items were partially offset by a more favorable geographic mix of taxable earnings in 2016.
the provision for income taxes differs from the amount of income tax determined by applying the u.s. federal statutory income tax rate of 35% to pretax income for the years ended december 31, as a result of the following:
state tax effect, net of federal benefit            43              0.7     %   22                         0.4     %   27                         0.5     %
impact of foreign tax credits 1                    (27    )        (0.4    )%            (141    )        (2.5    )%            (281    )        (5.7    )%
impact of settlements with tax authorities           -                -     %               -                -     %            (147    )        (2.9    )%
remeasurement of u.s. deferred taxes               157              2.4     %               -                -     %               -                -     %
1 included within the impact of foreign tax credits are repatriation benefits of current year foreign earnings of $0 million, $116 million and $172 million, in addition to other foreign tax credit benefits which become eligible in the united states of $27 million, $25 million and $109 million for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
our gaap effective income tax rates for 2017, 2016 and 2015 were affected by the tax benefits related to the special items as previously discussed.
as of december 31, 2017, a provisional amount of the u.s. federal and state and local income taxes of $36 million has been provided on a substantial amount of our undistributed foreign earnings. this deferred tax charge has been established primarily on the estimated foreign exchange gain which will be recognized when such earnings are repatriated. we expect that foreign withholding taxes associated with these future repatriated earnings will not be material. based upon the ongoing review of business requirements and capital needs of our non-u.s. subsidiaries, we believe a portion of these undistributed earnings that have already been subject to tax in the u.s. will be necessary to fund current and future growth of the related businesses and will remain indefinitely reinvested outside of the u.s. in 2018, we will complete our analysis of global working capital and cash needs to determine the amount we consider indefinitely reinvested. we will disclose such amount in the period in which such analysis is completed, as well as, if practicable, any potential tax cost that would arise if the amounts were remitted back to the u.s.
our unrecognized tax benefits related to positions taken during the current and prior periods were $183 million and $169 million, as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, all of which would reduce our effective tax rate if recognized. see note 17 (income taxes) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion. within the next twelve months, we believe that the resolution of certain federal, foreign and state and local tax examinations is reasonably possible and that a change in estimate, reducing unrecognized tax benefits, may occur. it is not possible to provide a range of the potential change until the examinations progress further or the related statute of limitations expire. during 2015, our unrecognized tax benefits related to tax positions taken during the current and prior periods decreased by $183 million. this decrease was primarily due to settlements with tax authorities in multiple jurisdictions. further, the information gained related to these matters was considered in measuring uncertain tax benefits recognized for the periods subsequent to the periods settled.
during 2014, we implemented an initiative to better align our legal entity and tax structure with our operational footprint outside of the u.s. this initiative resulted in a one-time taxable gain in belgium relating to the transfer of intellectual property to a related foreign entity in the united kingdom. we believe this improved alignment has resulted in greater flexibility and efficiency with regard to the global deployment of cash, as well as ongoing benefits in our effective income tax rate. see note 17 (income taxes) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion.
in 2010, in connection with the expansion of our operations in the asia pacific, middle east and africa region, our subsidiary in singapore, mastercard asia pacific pte. ltd. ("mappl"), received an incentive grant from the singapore ministry of finance. see note 17 (income taxes) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion.
liquidity and capital resources we rely on existing liquidity, cash generated from operations and access to capital to fund our global operations, credit and settlement exposure, capital expenditures, investments in our business and current and potential obligations. the following table summarizes the cash, cash equivalents, investments and credit available to us at december 31:
unused line of credit                          3.8               3.8
1 investments include available-for-sale securities and short-term held-to-maturity securities.  at december 31, 2017 and 2016, this amount excludes restricted cash related to the u.s. merchant class litigation settlement of $546 million and $543 million, respectively. this amount also excludes restricted security deposits held for customers of $1 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016.
cash, cash equivalents and investments held by our foreign subsidiaries was $4.8 billion and $3.8 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, or 62% and 45% as of such dates. as described further in note 17 (income taxes) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, as a result of the enactment of the tcja, among other things, we recorded a provisional amount of $629 million in tax expense due to the transition tax, which is payable over the next 8 years. in addition, we have changed our assertion regarding the indefinite reinvestment of foreign earnings outside the u.s. for certain of our foreign affiliates. as a result of this assertion change, we have recognized a provisional deferred tax liability of $36 million. it is our present intention to indefinitely reinvest a portion of our historic undistributed accumulated earnings associated with certain foreign subsidiaries outside of the united states. based upon the ongoing review of business requirements and capital needs of our non-u.s. subsidiaries, we believe a portion of these undistributed earnings that have already been subject to tax in the u.s. will be necessary to fund current and future growth of the related businesses and will remain indefinitely reinvested outside of the u.s. in 2018, we will complete our analysis of global working capital and cash needs to determine the amount we consider indefinitely reinvested. we will disclose such amount in the period in which such analysis is completed, as well as, if practicable, any potential tax cost that would arise if the amounts were remitted back to the u.s.
our liquidity and access to capital could be negatively impacted by global credit market conditions. we guarantee the settlement of many mastercard, cirrus and maestro-branded transactions between our issuers and acquirers. see note 19 (settlement and other risk management) to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 for a description of these guarantees. historically, payments under these guarantees have not been significant; however, historical trends may not be an indication of potential future losses. the risk of loss on these guarantees is specific to individual customers, but may also be driven significantly by regional or global economic conditions, including, but not limited to the health of the financial institutions in a country or region.
our liquidity and access to capital could also be negatively impacted by the outcome of any of the legal or regulatory proceedings to which we are a party. for additional discussion of these and other risks facing our business, see our risk factor in "risk factors - legal and regulatory risks" in part i, item 1a and note 18 (legal and regulatory proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8; and part ii, item 7 (business environment).
cash flow the table below shows a summary of the cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended december 31:
net cash provided by operating activities      $5,555              $4,535              $4,101
net cash provided by operating activities increased $1.0 billion in 2017 versus 2016, primarily due to higher net income as adjusted for non-cash items including deferred payments associated with the tcja. net cash provided by operating activities in 2016 versus 2015, increased by $434 million, primarily due to higher net income as adjusted for non-cash items and accrued expenses, partially offset by higher prepaid taxes.
net cash used in investing activities increased $612 million in 2017 versus 2016, primarily due to acquisitions and investments in nonmarketable equity investments, partially offset by higher net proceeds of investment securities. net cash used in investing activities increased $452 million in 2016 versus 2015, primarily due to lower sales and maturities of our investment securities, partially offset by cash used for acquisition activities in the prior year.
net cash used in financing activities increased $2.4 billion in 2017 versus 2016, primarily due to proceeds from debt issued in the prior year, increased cash used in the repurchases of our class a common stock and higher dividends paid. net cash used in financing activities decreased $172 million in 2016 versus 2015, primarily due to higher proceeds from debt, partially offset by higher dividends paid.
the table below shows a summary of select balance sheet data at december 31:
we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment securities balances, our cash flow generating capabilities, our borrowing capacity and our access to capital resources are sufficient to satisfy our future operating cash needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments and other liquidity requirements associated with our existing operations and potential obligations.
debt and credit availability our long-term debt was $5.4 billion and $5.2 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, with the earliest maturity of principal occurring in 2019.
we have a commercial paper program (the "commercial paper program"), under which we are authorized to issue up to $3.75 billion in outstanding notes, with maturities up to 397 days from the date of issuance. in conjunction with the commercial paper program, we have entered into a committed unsecured $3.75 billion revolving credit facility (the "credit facility") which expires in october 2022.
borrowings under the commercial paper program and the credit facility are to provide liquidity for general corporate purposes, including providing liquidity in the event of one or more settlement failures by our customers. in addition, we may borrow and repay amounts under these facilities for business continuity purposes. we had no borrowings outstanding under the commercial paper program or the credit facility at december 31, 2017 and 2016.
see note 12 (debt) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion on the notes, the commercial paper program and the credit facility.
in june 2015, we filed a universal shelf registration statement to provide additional access to capital, if needed. pursuant to the shelf registration statement, we may from time to time offer to sell debt securities, preferred stock, class a common stock, depository shares, purchase contracts, units or warrants in one or more offerings.
dividends and share repurchases we have historically paid quarterly dividends on our outstanding class a common stock and class b common stock. subject to legally available funds, we intend to continue to pay a quarterly cash dividend. however, the declaration and payment of future dividends is at the sole discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, available cash and current and anticipated cash needs. the following table summarizes the annual, per share dividends paid in the years reflected:
on december 4, 2017, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.25 per share paid on february 9, 2018 to holders of record on january 9, 2018 of our class a common stock and class b common stock. the aggregate amount of this dividend was $263 million.
on february 5, 2018, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.25 per share payable on may 9, 2018 to holders of record on april 9, 2018 of our class a common stock and class b common stock. the aggregate amount of this dividend is estimated to be $263 million.
repurchased shares of our common stock are considered treasury stock. the timing and actual number of additional shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the operating needs of the business, legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. in december 2017, our board of directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to $4 billion of our class a common stock. this program is effective after completion of the share repurchase program authorized in december 2016.
the following table summarizes our share repurchase authorizations of its class a common stock through december 31, 2017, as well as historical purchases:
dollar-value of shares repurchased in 2017     $-                             $2,766                      $996                  $3,762
see note 13 (stockholders' equity) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have no off-balance sheet debt, other than lease arrangements and other commitments as presented in the future obligations table that follows.
future obligations the following table summarizes our obligations as of december 31, 2017 that are expected to impact liquidity and cash flow in future periods. we believe we will be able to fund these obligations through cash generated from operations and our cash balances.
capital leases                                  12                 4                     8                      -                           -
operating leases                               201                64                    77                     26                          34
employee benefits 3                            260                83                    55                     41                          81
1 the table does not include the $709 million provision as of december 31, 2017 related to litigation in the u.s. and the u.k. since the payments are not fixed and determinable. see note 18 (legal and regulatory proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion. the table also does not include the $219 million provision as of december 31, 2017 related to the contingent consideration attributable to acquisitions made in 2017 (primarily based on the achievement of 2018 revenue targets) which are not fixed and determinable. see note 5 (fair value and investment securities) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion.
2 amounts primarily relate to sponsorships to promote the mastercard brand. future cash payments that will become due to our customers under agreements which provide pricing rebates on our standard fees and other incentives in exchange for transaction volumes are not included in the table because the amounts due are contingent on future performance. we have accrued $3.3 billion as of december 31, 2017 related to customer and merchant agreements.
3 amounts relate to severance liabilities along with expected funding requirements for defined benefit pension and postretirement plans.
4 amounts relate to the provisional u.s. tax liability on the transition tax on accumulated non-u.s. earnings of u.s entities. see note 17 (income taxes) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion.
5 amount relates to the fixed-price put option for the vocalink remaining shareholders to sell their ownership interest to mastercard on the third and fifth anniversaries of the transaction and quarterly thereafter. see note 2 (acquisitions) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion.
6 we have recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $183 million at december 31, 2017. within the next twelve months, we believe that the resolution of certain federal, foreign and state and local examinations are reasonably possible and that a change in estimate, reducing unrecognized tax benefits, may occur. it is not possible to provide a range of the potential change until the examinations progress further or the related statute of limitations expire. these amounts have been excluded from the table since the settlement period of this liability cannot be reasonably estimated. the timing of these payments will ultimately depend on the progress of tax examinations with the various authorities.
seasonality we do not experience meaningful seasonality. no individual quarter in 2017, 2016 or 2015 accounted for more than 30% of net revenue.
critical accounting estimates the application of gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions about certain items and future events that directly affect our reported financial condition. we have established detailed policies and control procedures to provide reasonable assurance that the methods used to make estimates and assumptions are well controlled and are applied consistently from period to period. the accounting estimates and assumptions discussed in this section are those that we consider to be the most critical to its financial statements. an accounting estimate is considered critical if both (a) the nature of the estimate or assumption is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment involved, and (b) the impact within a reasonable range of outcomes of the estimate and assumption is material to our financial condition. senior management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of these estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. our significant accounting policies, including recent accounting pronouncements, are described in note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8.
revenue recognition application of the various accounting principles in gaap related to the measurement and recognition of revenue requires us to make judgments and estimates.  specifically, complex arrangements with nonstandard terms and conditions may require significant contract interpretation to determine the appropriate accounting. domestic assessment revenue requires an estimate of our customers' performance in order to recognize this revenue. rebates and incentives are recorded as a reduction to gross revenue based on these estimates. we consider various factors in estimating customer performance, including a review of specific transactions, historical experience with that customer and market and economic conditions. differences between actual results and our estimates are adjusted in the period the customer reports actual performance. if our customers' actual performance is not consistent with our estimates of their performance, net revenue may be materially different.
loss contingencies we are currently involved in various claims and legal proceedings. we regularly review the status of each significant matter and assesses its potential financial exposure. if the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we accrue a liability for the estimated loss. significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and whether an exposure is reasonably estimable. our judgments are subjective based on the status of the legal or regulatory proceedings, the merits of our defenses and consultation with in-house and outside legal counsel. because of uncertainties related to these matters, accruals are based only on the best information available at the time. as additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential liability related to its pending claims and litigation and may revise its estimates. due to the inherent uncertainties of the legal and regulatory process in the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate, our judgments may be materially different than the actual outcomes. see note 18 (legal and regulatory proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion.
income taxes in calculating our effective income tax rate, we need to make estimates regarding the timing and amount of taxable and deductible items which will adjust the pretax income earned in various tax jurisdictions. through our interpretation of local tax regulations, adjustments to pretax income for income earned in various tax jurisdictions are reflected within various tax filings. although we believe that our estimates and judgments discussed herein are reasonable, actual results may be materially different than the estimated amounts.
we record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. significant judgment is required in determining the valuation allowance. we consider projected future taxable income and ongoing tax planning strategies in assessing the need for the valuation allowance. if it is determined that we are able to realize deferred tax assets in excess of the net carrying value or to the extent we are unable to realize a deferred tax asset, we would adjust the valuation allowance in the period in which such a determination is made, with a corresponding increase or decrease to earnings.
we record tax liabilities for uncertain tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, which may not be sustained or may only be partially sustained, upon examination by the relevant taxing authorities. we consider all relevant facts and current authorities in the tax law in assessing whether any benefit resulting from an uncertain tax position is more likely than not to be sustained and, if so, how current law impacts the amount reflected within these financial statements. if upon examination, we realize a tax benefit which is not fully sustained or is more favorably sustained, this would decrease or increase earnings in the period. in certain situations, we will have offsetting tax credits or taxes in other jurisdictions.
we have changed our assertion regarding the indefinite reinvestment of foreign earnings outside the u.s. for certain of our foreign affiliates. as a result of the tcja and the one-time deemed repatriation tax on untaxed accumulated foreign earnings, a provisional amount of u.s. federal and state and local income taxes have been provided on all of our undistributed foreign earnings. future distributions from foreign affiliates from earnings which have not already been taxed in the u.s. will be eligible for a 100% dividends received deduction. beginning in 2018, deferred taxes will be established on the estimated foreign exchange gains or losses for foreign earnings that are not considered permanently reinvested, which will be recognized through cumulative translation adjustments as incurred. ultimately, the working capital requirements of foreign affiliates will determine the amount of cash to be remitted from respective jurisdictions.
on december 22, 2017, sec staff issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118 - income tax accounting implications of the tax cuts and jobs act ("sab 118") which allows registrants to record provisional amounts during a measurement period, which is not to extend beyond one year. accordingly, amounts recorded may require further adjustments due to evolving analysis and interpretations of law, including issuance by the internal revenue service (the "irs") and the department of treasury ("treasury") of notices, regulations and, potentially, direct discussions with treasury, as well as interpretations of how accounting for income taxes should be applied to the tcja. consistent with sab 118, we were able to make reasonable estimates and we have incorporated provisional amounts for the impact of the transition tax. this tax is on previously untaxed accumulated and current earnings and profits of our foreign subsidiaries. to compute the tax, we must determine the amount of post-1986 earnings and profits of relevant subsidiaries, as well as the amount of non-u.s. income taxes paid on such earnings. further, we were able to make reasonable estimates and have recorded provisional amounts related to the remeasurement of our net deferred tax asset in the u.s. and the change in assertion regarding the indefinite reinvestment of foreign earnings. as with the transition tax, these amounts may require further adjustments during the measurement period due to evolving analysis and interpretations of law, including issuance by the irs and treasury of notices and regulations, and, potentially, direct discussions with treasury, as well as interpretations of how accounting for income taxes should be applied.
valuation of assets the valuation of assets acquired in a business combination and asset impairment reviews require the use of significant estimates and assumptions. the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations requires us to estimate the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and any non-controlling interest in the acquiree to properly allocate purchase price consideration. impairment testing for assets, other than goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, requires the allocation of cash flows to those assets or group of assets and if required, an estimate of fair value for the assets or group of assets.
we evaluate goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis or sooner if indicators of impairment exist. goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level utilizing a quantitative assessment. we use the market capitalization for estimating the fair value of its reporting unit. if the fair value exceeds the carrying value, goodwill is not impaired. if the carrying value exceeds the fair value, then goodwill is impaired and the excess of the reporting unit's carrying value over the fair value is recognized as an impairment charge.
the impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets consists of a qualitative assessment to evaluate all relevant events and circumstances that could affect the significant inputs used to determine the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets.  in performing the qualitative assessment, we consider relevant events and conditions, including but not limited to, macroeconomic trends, industry and market conditions, overall financial performance, cost factors, company-specific events, and legal and regulatory factors. if the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than their carrying amounts, we must perform a quantitative impairment test.
our estimates in the valuation of these assets are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. these valuations require the use of management's assumptions, which would not reflect unanticipated events and circumstances that may occur.