item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this form 10-k in evaluating abbvie and abbvie's common stock. any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect abbvie's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. the risk factors generally have been separated into three groups: risks related to abbvie's business, risks related to abbvie's proposed acquisition of allergan (the "acquisition") and the combined company upon completion of the acquisition, and risks related to abbvie's common stock. based on the information currently known to it, abbvie believes that the following information identifies the most significant risk factors affecting it in each of these categories of risks. however, the risks and uncertainties abbvie faces are not limited to those set forth in the risk factors described below and may not be in order of importance or probability of occurrence. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to abbvie or that abbvie currently believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect its business. in addition, past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods.
if any of the following risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, these events could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. in such case, the trading price of abbvie's common stock could decline.
risks related to abbvie's business the expiration or loss of patent protection and licenses may adversely affect abbvie's future revenues and operating earnings.
abbvie relies on patent, trademark and other intellectual property protection in the discovery, development, manufacturing and sale of its products. in particular, patent protection is, in the aggregate, important in abbvie's marketing of pharmaceutical products in the united states and most major markets outside of the united states. patents covering abbvie products normally provide market exclusivity, which is important for the profitability of many of abbvie's products.
as patents for certain of its products expire, abbvie will or could face competition from lower priced generic or biosimilar products. the expiration or loss of patent protection for a product typically is followed promptly by substitutes that may significantly reduce sales for that product in a short amount of time. if abbvie's competitive position is compromised because of generics, biosimilars or otherwise, it could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's business and results of operations. in addition, proposals emerge from time to time for legislation to further encourage the early and rapid approval of generic drugs or biosimilars. any such proposals that are enacted into law could increase the impact of generic competition.
abbvie's principal patents and trademarks are described in greater detail in item 1, "business-intellectual property protection and regulatory exclusivity" and item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-results of operations," and litigation regarding these patents is described in item 3, "legal proceedings." the united states composition of matter patent for humira, which is abbvie's largest product and had worldwide net revenues of approximately $19.2 billion in 2019, expired in december 2016, and the equivalent european union patent expired in the majority of european union countries in october 2018.
| 2019 form 10-k abbvie's major products could lose patent protection earlier than expected, which could adversely affect abbvie's future revenues and operating earnings.
third parties or government authorities may challenge or seek to invalidate or circumvent abbvie's patents and patent applications. for example, manufacturers of generic pharmaceutical products file, and may continue to file, abbreviated new drug applications with the fda seeking to market generic forms of abbvie's products prior to the expiration of relevant patents owned or licensed by abbvie by asserting that the patents are invalid, unenforceable and/or not infringed. in addition, petitioners have filed, and may continue to file, challenges to the validity of abbvie patents under the 2011 leahy-smith america invents act, which created inter partes review and post grant review procedures for challenging patent validity in administrative proceedings at the united states patent and trademark office.
although most of the challenges to abbvie's intellectual property have come from other businesses, governments may also challenge intellectual property rights. for example, court decisions and potential legislation relating to patents, such as legislation regarding biosimilars, and other regulatory initiatives may result in further erosion of intellectual property protection. in addition, certain governments outside the united states have indicated that compulsory licenses to patents may be sought to further their domestic policies or on the basis of national emergencies, such as hiv/aids. if triggered, compulsory licenses could diminish or eliminate sales and profits from those jurisdictions and negatively affect abbvie's results of operations.
abbvie normally responds to challenges by vigorously defending its patents, including by filing patent infringement lawsuits. patent litigation, administrative proceedings and other challenges to abbvie's patents are costly and unpredictable and may deprive abbvie of market exclusivity for a patented product. to the extent abbvie's intellectual property is successfully challenged, circumvented or weakened, or to the extent such intellectual property does not allow abbvie to compete effectively, abbvie's business will suffer. to the extent that countries do not enforce abbvie's intellectual property rights or require compulsory licensing of abbvie's intellectual property, abbvie's future revenues and operating earnings will be reduced.
a third party's intellectual property may prevent abbvie from selling its products or have a material adverse effect on abbvie's future profitability and financial condition.
third parties may claim that an abbvie product infringes upon their intellectual property. resolving an intellectual property infringement claim can be costly and time consuming and may require abbvie to enter into license agreements. abbvie cannot guarantee that it would be able to obtain license agreements on commercially reasonable terms. a successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement could subject abbvie to significant damages or an injunction preventing the manufacture, sale, or use of the affected abbvie product or products. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's profitability and financial condition.
humira accounted for approximately 58% of abbvie's total net revenues in 2019. any significant event that adversely affects humira's revenues could have a material adverse impact on abbvie's results of operations and cash flows. these events could include loss of patent protection for humira (as described further in "-the expiration or loss of patent protection and licenses may adversely affect abbvie's future revenues and operating earnings" above), the commercialization of biosimilars of humira, the discovery of previously unknown side effects or impaired efficacy, increased competition from the introduction of new, more effective or less expensive treatments and discontinuation or removal from the market of humira for any reason.
abbvie's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing and marketing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause its revenues and profitability to decline.
to remain competitive, abbvie must continue to launch new products and new indications and/or brand extensions for existing products, and such launches must generate revenue sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace revenues of profitable products that are lost to or displaced by competing products or therapies. failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on abbvie's revenue and profitability. accordingly, abbvie commits substantial effort, funds, and other resources to research and development and must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. a high rate of failure in the biopharmaceutical industry is inherent in the research and development of new products, and failure can occur at any point in the research and development process,
including after significant funds have been invested. products that appear promising in development may fail to reach the market for numerous reasons, including failure to demonstrate effectiveness, safety concerns, superior safety or efficacy of competing therapies, failure to achieve positive clinical or pre-clinical outcomes beyond the current standards of care, inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or delays in the approval of new products and new indications, limited scope of approved uses, excessive costs to manufacture, the failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights, or infringement of the intellectual property rights of others.
decisions about research studies made early in the development process of a pharmaceutical product candidate can affect the marketing strategy once such candidate receives approval. more detailed studies may demonstrate additional benefits that can help in the marketing, but they also consume time and resources and may delay submitting the pharmaceutical product candidate for approval. abbvie cannot guarantee that a proper balance of speed and testing will be made with respect to each pharmaceutical product candidate or that decisions in this area would not adversely affect abbvie's future results of operations.
even if abbvie successfully develops and markets new products or enhancements to its existing products, they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing clinical preferences, changing industry standards, or competitors' innovations. abbvie's innovations may not be accepted quickly in the marketplace because of existing clinical practices or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. abbvie cannot state with certainty when or whether any of its products under development will be launched, whether it will be able to develop, license, or otherwise acquire compounds or products, or whether any products will be commercially successful. failure to launch successful new products or new indications for existing products may cause abbvie's products to become obsolete, causing abbvie's revenues and operating results to suffer.
a portion of abbvie's near-term pharmaceutical pipeline relies on collaborations with third parties, which may adversely affect the development and sale of its products.
abbvie depends on alliances with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for a portion of the products in its near-term pharmaceutical pipeline. failures by these parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, or other obligations to abbvie, or any disruption in the relationships between abbvie and these third parties, could have an adverse effect on abbvie's pharmaceutical pipeline and business. in addition, abbvie's collaborative relationships for research and development extend for many years and may give rise to disputes regarding the relative rights, obligations and revenues of abbvie and its collaboration partners, including the ownership of intellectual property and associated rights and obligations. this could result in the loss of intellectual property rights or protection, delay the development and sale of potential pharmaceutical products and lead to lengthy and expensive litigation, administrative proceedings or arbitration.
the successful discovery, development, manufacturing and sale of biologics is a long, expensive and uncertain process. there are unique risks and uncertainties with biologics. for example, access to and supply of necessary biological materials, such as cell lines, may be limited and governmental regulations restrict access to and regulate the transport and use of such materials. in addition, the development, manufacturing and sale of biologics is subject to regulations that are often more complex and extensive than the regulations applicable to other pharmaceutical products. manufacturing biologics, especially in large quantities, is often complex and may require the use of innovative technologies. such manufacturing also requires facilities specifically designed and validated for this purpose and sophisticated quality assurance and quality control procedures. biologics are also frequently costly to manufacture because production inputs are derived from living animal or plant material, and some biologics cannot be made synthetically. failure to successfully discover, develop, manufacture and sell biologics-including humira-could adversely impact abbvie's business and results of operations.
abbvie's biologic products are subject to competition from biosimilars.
the biologics price competition and innovation act creates a framework for the approval of biosimilars in the united states and could allow competitors to reference data from biologic products already approved. in europe, the european commission has granted marketing authorizations for several biosimilars pursuant to a set of general and product class-specific guidelines for biosimilar approvals issued over the past few years. in addition, companies are developing biosimilars in other countries that could and do compete with abbvie's biologic products, including humira. as competitors obtain marketing approval for biosimilars referencing abbvie's biologic products, abbvie's products may become subject to competition from such biosimilars, with the attendant competitive pressure and consequences. expiration or successful challenge of abbvie's applicable patent rights could also trigger competition from other products, assuming any relevant
| 2019 form 10-k exclusivity period has expired. as a result, abbvie could face more litigation and administrative proceedings with respect to the validity and/or scope of patents relating to its biologic products.
new products and technological advances by abbvie's competitors may negatively affect abbvie's results of operations.
abbvie competes with other research-based pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that discover, manufacture, market and sell proprietary pharmaceutical products and biologics. for example, humira competes with anti-tnf products and other competitive products intended to treat a number of disease states and abbvie's virology products compete with other available hepatitis c treatment options. these competitors may introduce new products or develop technological advances that compete with abbvie's products in therapeutic areas such as immunology, virology/liver disease, oncology and neuroscience. abbvie cannot predict with certainty the timing or impact of the introduction by competitors of new products or technological advances. such competing products may be safer, more effective, more effectively marketed or sold, or have lower prices or superior performance features than abbvie's products, and this could negatively impact abbvie's business and results of operations.
the manufacture of many of abbvie's products is a highly exacting and complex process, and if abbvie or one of its suppliers encounters problems manufacturing abbvie's products, abbvie's business could suffer.
the manufacture of many of abbvie's products is a highly exacting and complex process, due in part to strict regulatory requirements. problems may arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials, delays related to the construction of new facilities or the expansion of existing facilities, including those intended to support future demand for abbvie's products, changes in manufacturing production sites and limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements, changes in the types of products produced, physical limitations that could inhibit continuous supply, man-made or natural disasters and environmental factors. if problems arise during the production of a batch of product, that batch of product may have to be discarded and abbvie may experience product shortages or incur added expenses. this could, among other things, lead to increased costs, lost revenue, damage to customer relations, time and expense spent investigating the cause and, depending on the cause, similar losses with respect to other batches or products. if problems are not discovered before the product is released to the market, recall and product liability costs may also be incurred.
abbvie uses a number of products in its pharmaceutical and biologic manufacturing processes that are sourced from single suppliers, and an interruption in the supply of those products could adversely affect abbvie's business and results of operations.
abbvie uses a number of products in its pharmaceutical and biologic manufacturing processes that are sourced from single suppliers. the failure of these single-source suppliers to fulfill their contractual obligations in a timely manner or as a result of regulatory noncompliance or physical disruption at a manufacturing site may impair abbvie's ability to deliver its products to customers on a timely and competitive basis, which could adversely affect abbvie's business and results of operations. finding an alternative supplier could take a significant amount of time and involve significant expense due to the nature of the products and the need to obtain regulatory approvals. abbvie cannot guarantee that it will be able to reach agreement with alternative providers or that regulatory authorities would approve abbvie's use of such alternatives. abbvie does, however, carry business interruption insurance, which provides a degree of protection in the case of a failure by a single-source supplier.
significant safety or efficacy issues could arise for abbvie's products, which could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's revenues and financial condition.
pharmaceutical products receive regulatory approval based on data obtained in controlled clinical trials of limited duration. following regulatory approval, these products will be used over longer periods of time in many patients. investigators may also conduct additional, and perhaps more extensive, studies. if new safety or efficacy issues are reported or if new scientific information becomes available (including results of post-marketing phase 4 trials), or if governments change standards regarding safety, efficacy or labeling, abbvie may be required to amend the conditions of use for a product. for example, abbvie may voluntarily provide or be required to provide updated information on a product's label or narrow its approved indication, either of which could reduce the product's market acceptance. if safety or efficacy issues with an abbvie product arise, sales of the product could be halted by abbvie or by regulatory authorities and regulatory action could be taken
by such regulatory authorities. safety or efficacy issues affecting suppliers' or competitors' products also may reduce the market acceptance of abbvie's products.
new data about abbvie's products, or products similar to its products, could negatively impact demand for abbvie's products due to real or perceived safety issues or uncertainty regarding efficacy and, in some cases, could result in product withdrawal. furthermore, new data and information, including information about product misuse, may lead government agencies, professional societies, practice management groups or organizations involved with various diseases to publish guidelines or recommendations related to the use of abbvie's products or the use of related therapies or place restrictions on sales. such guidelines or recommendations may lead to lower sales of abbvie's products.
abbvie is subject to product liability claims and other lawsuits that may adversely affect its business and results of operations.
in the ordinary course of business, abbvie is the subject of product liability claims and lawsuits alleging that abbvie's products or the products of other companies that it promotes have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition for or injury to patients. product liability claims and lawsuits and safety alerts or product recalls, regardless of their ultimate outcome, may have a material adverse effect on abbvie's business, results of operations and reputation and on its ability to attract and retain customers. consequences may also include additional costs, a decrease in market share for the product in question, lower income and exposure to other claims. product liability losses are self-insured.
abbvie is also the subject of other claims, legal proceedings and investigations in the ordinary course of business, which relate to the intellectual property, commercial, securities and other matters. adverse outcomes in such claims, legal proceedings and investigations may also adversely affect abbvie's business and results of operations.
abbvie is subject to cost-containment efforts and pricing pressures that could cause a reduction in future revenues and operating earnings, and changes in the terms of rebate and chargeback programs, which are common in the pharmaceuticals industry, could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's operations.
cost-containment efforts by governments and private organizations are described in greater detail in item 1, "business-regulation-commercialization, distribution and manufacturing." to the extent these cost containment efforts are not offset by greater demand, increased patient access to health care, or other factors, abbvie's future revenues and operating earnings will be reduced. in the united states, the european union and other countries, abbvie's business has experienced downward pressure on product pricing, and this pressure could increase in the future.
abbvie is subject to increasing public and legislative pressure with respect to pharmaceutical pricing. in the united states, practices of managed care groups, and institutional and governmental purchasers, and united states federal laws and regulations related to medicare and medicaid, including the medicare prescription drug improvement and modernization act of 2003 and the patient protection and affordable care act, contribute to pricing pressures. the potential for continuing changes to the health care system in the united states and the increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of medicare, medicaid and private sector beneficiaries could result in additional pricing pressures.
in numerous major markets worldwide, the government plays a significant role in funding health care services and determining the pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical products. consequently, in those markets, abbvie is subject to government decision-making and budgetary actions with respect to its products. in particular, many european countries have ongoing government-mandated price reductions for many pharmaceutical products, and abbvie anticipates continuing pricing pressures in europe. differences between countries in pricing regulations could lead to third-party cross-border trading in abbvie's products that results in a reduction in future revenues and operating earnings.
rebates related to government programs, such as fee-for-service medicaid or medicaid managed care programs, arise from laws and regulations. abbvie cannot predict if additional government initiatives to contain health care costs or other factors could lead to new or modified regulatory requirements that include higher or incremental rebates or discounts. other rebate and discount programs arise from contractual agreements with private payers. various factors, including market factors and the ability of private payers to control patient access to products, may provide payers the leverage to negotiate higher or additional rebates or discounts that could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's operations.
| 2019 form 10-k abbvie is subject to numerous governmental regulations, and it can be costly to comply with these regulations and to develop compliant products and processes.
abbvie's products are subject to rigorous regulation by numerous international, supranational, federal and state authorities, as described in item 1, "business-regulation-discovery and clinical development." the process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a pharmaceutical product can be costly and time consuming, and approvals might not be granted for future products, or additional indications or uses of existing products, on a timely basis, if at all. delays in the receipt of, or failure to obtain approvals for, future products, or new indications and uses, could result in delayed realization of product revenues, reduction in revenues and substantial additional costs.
in addition, abbvie cannot guarantee that it will remain compliant with applicable regulatory requirements once approval has been obtained for a product. these requirements include, among other things, regulations regarding manufacturing practices, product labeling and advertising and post-marketing reporting, including adverse event reports and field alerts due to manufacturing quality concerns. abbvie must incur expense and spend time and effort to ensure compliance with these complex regulations.
possible regulatory actions could result in substantial modifications to abbvie's business practices and operations; refunds, recalls or seizures of abbvie's products; a total or partial shutdown of production in one or more of abbvie's or its suppliers' facilities while abbvie or its supplier remedies the alleged violation; the inability to obtain future approvals; and withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market. any of these events could disrupt abbvie's business and have a material adverse effect on its business and results of operations.
laws and regulations affecting government benefit programs could impose new obligations on abbvie, require it to change its business practices, and restrict its operations in the future.
the health care industry is subject to various federal, state and international laws and regulations pertaining to government benefit programs reimbursement, rebates, price reporting and regulation and health care fraud and abuse. in the united states, these laws include anti-kickback and false claims laws, the medicaid rebate statute, the veterans health care act and individual state laws relating to pricing and sales and marketing practices. violations of these laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, substantial fines, imprisonment and exclusion from participation in federal and state health care programs, including medicare, medicaid and veterans administration health programs. these laws and regulations are broad in scope and they are subject to change and evolving interpretations, which could require abbvie to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or to alter one or more of its sales or marketing practices. in addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt abbvie's business and result in a material adverse effect on its business and results of operations.
the international nature of abbvie's business subjects it to additional business risks that may cause its revenue and profitability to decline.
abbvie's business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including in emerging markets. net revenues outside of the united states made up approximately 28% of abbvie's total net revenues in 2019. the risks associated with abbvie's operations outside the united states include:
•   fluctuations in currency exchange rates;
•   changes in medical reimbursement policies and programs;
•   multiple legal and regulatory requirements that are subject to change and that could restrict abbvie's ability to manufacture, market and sell its products;
•   differing local product preferences and product requirements;
•   trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;
•   international trade disruptions or disputes, including in connection with the ongoing trade negotiations between the united states and china;
•   potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws;
•   political and economic instability, including the united kingdom's exit from the european union;
•   price and currency exchange controls, limitations on participation in local enterprises, expropriation, nationalization and other governmental action;
•   potential deterioration in the economic position and credit quality of certain non-u.s. countries, including in europe and latin america; and
•   potential penalties or other adverse consequences for violations of anti-corruption, anti-bribery and other similar laws and regulations, including the united states foreign corrupt practices act and the united kingdom bribery act.
events contemplated by these risks may, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on abbvie's revenues and profitability.
if abbvie does not effectively and profitably commercialize its products, abbvie's revenues and financial condition could be adversely affected.
abbvie must effectively and profitably commercialize its principal products by creating and meeting continued market demand; achieving market acceptance and generating product sales; ensuring that the active pharmaceutical ingredient(s) for a product and the finished product are manufactured in sufficient quantities and in compliance with requirements of the fda and similar foreign regulatory agencies and with acceptable quality and pricing to meet commercial demand; and ensuring that the entire supply chain efficiently and consistently delivers abbvie's products to its customers. the commercialization of abbvie products may not be successful due to, among other things, unexpected challenges from competitors, new safety issues or concerns being reported that may impact or narrow approved indications, the relative price of abbvie's product as compared to alternative treatment options and changes to a product's label that further restrict its marketing. if the commercialization of abbvie's principal products is unsuccessful, abbvie's ability to generate revenue from product sales will be adversely affected.
abbvie may acquire other businesses, license rights to technologies or products, form alliances, or dispose of assets, which could cause it to incur significant expenses and could negatively affect profitability.
abbvie may pursue acquisitions (such as the pending acquisition of allergan), technology licensing arrangements, and strategic alliances, or dispose of some of its assets, as part of its business strategy. abbvie may not complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, and may not realize the expected benefits. if abbvie is successful in making an acquisition, the products and technologies that are acquired may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than originally anticipated. abbvie may not be able to integrate acquisitions successfully into its existing business and could incur or assume significant debt and unknown or contingent liabilities. abbvie could also experience negative effects on its reported results of operations from acquisition or disposition-related charges, amortization of expenses related to intangibles and charges for impairment of long-term assets. these effects could cause a deterioration of abbvie's credit rating and result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense.
additionally, changes in abbvie's structure, operations, revenues, costs, or efficiency resulting from major transactions such as acquisitions, divestitures, mergers, alliances, restructurings or other strategic initiatives, may result in greater than expected costs, may take longer than expected to complete or encounter other difficulties, including the need for regulatory approval where appropriate.
abbvie is dependent on wholesale distributors for distribution of its products in the united states and, accordingly, its results of operations could be adversely affected if they encounter financial difficulties.
in 2019, three wholesale distributors (mckesson corporation, cardinal health, inc. and amerisourcebergen corporation) accounted for substantially all of abbvie's sales in the united states. if one of its significant wholesale distributors encounters financial or other difficulties, such distributor may decrease the amount of business that it does with abbvie, and abbvie may be unable to collect all the amounts that the distributor owes it on a timely basis or at all, which could negatively impact abbvie's business and results of operations.
| 2019 form 10-k abbvie has debt obligations that could adversely affect its business and its ability to meet its obligations.
the amount of debt that abbvie has incurred and intends to incur could have important consequences to abbvie and its investors. these consequences include, among other things, requiring a portion of abbvie's cash flow from operations to make interest payments on this debt and reducing the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow abbvie's business. to the extent abbvie incurs additional indebtedness or interest rates increase, these risks could increase. in addition, abbvie's cash flow from operations may not be sufficient to repay all of the outstanding debt as it becomes due, and abbvie may not be able to borrow money, sell assets, or otherwise raise funds on acceptable terms, or at all, to refinance its debt.
abbvie may need additional financing in the future to meet its capital needs or to make opportunistic acquisitions, and such financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all.
abbvie may need to seek additional financing for its general corporate purposes. for example, it may need to increase its investment in research and development activities or need funds to make acquisitions. abbvie may be unable to obtain any desired additional financing on terms favorable to it, if at all. if abbvie loses its investment grade credit rating or adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, abbvie may be unable to fund its expansion, successfully develop or enhance products, or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could negatively affect abbvie's business. if abbvie raises additional funds by issuing debt or entering into credit facilities, it may be subject to limitations on its operations due to restrictive covenants. failure to comply with these covenants could adversely affect abbvie's business.
abbvie depends on information technology and a failure of those systems could adversely affect abbvie's business.
abbvie relies on sophisticated software applications and complex information technology systems to operate its business. these systems are potentially vulnerable to malicious intrusion, random attack, loss of data privacy, disruption, degradation or breakdown. data privacy or security breaches by employees or others may result in the failure of critical business operations or may cause sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets or personal information belonging to abbvie, its patients, customers or business partners, to be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. although abbvie has invested in the protection of its data and information technology and also monitors its systems on an ongoing basis, there can be no assurance that these efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches in abbvie's information technology systems that could adversely affect abbvie's business. such adverse consequences could include loss of revenue, or the loss of critical or sensitive information from abbvie's or third-party providers' databases or it systems and could also result in legal, financial, reputational or business harm to abbvie and potentially substantial remediation costs.
failure to attract and retain highly qualified personnel could affect abbvie's ability to successfully develop and commercialize products.
abbvie's success is largely dependent on its continued ability to attract and retain highly qualified scientific, technical and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical r&d, governmental regulation and commercialization. competition for qualified personnel in the biopharmaceutical field is intense. abbvie cannot be sure that it will be able to attract and retain quality personnel or that the costs of doing so will not materially increase.
other factors can have a material adverse effect on abbvie's profitability and financial condition.
many other factors can affect abbvie's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, including:
•   changes in or interpretations of laws and regulations, including changes in accounting standards, taxation requirements, product marketing application standards, data privacy laws and environmental laws;
•   differences between the fair value measurement of assets and liabilities and their actual value, particularly for pension and post-employment benefits, stock-based compensation, intangibles and goodwill; and for contingent liabilities such as litigation and contingent consideration, the absence of a recorded amount, or an amount recorded at the minimum, compared to the actual amount;
•   changes in the rate of inflation (including the cost of raw materials, commodities and supplies), interest rates, market value of abbvie's equity investments and the performance of investments held by it or its employee benefit trusts;
•   changes in the creditworthiness of counterparties that transact business with or provide services to abbvie or its employee benefit trusts;
•   changes in the ability of third parties that provide information technology, accounting, human resources, payroll and other outsourced services to abbvie to meet their contractual obligations to abbvie; and
•   changes in business, economic and political conditions, including: war, political instability, terrorist attacks, the threat of future terrorist activity and related military action; natural disasters; the cost and availability of insurance due to any of the foregoing events; labor disputes, strikes, slow-downs, or other forms of labor or union activity; and pressure from third-party interest groups.
risks related to the acquisition and the combined company upon completion of the acquisition the pending acquisition of allergan may not be completed on the currently contemplated timeline or terms, or at all, and may not achieve the intended benefits.
consummation of the acquisition is conditioned on, among other things, obtaining necessary governmental and regulatory approvals. if any of the conditions to the acquisition is not satisfied, it could delay or prevent the acquisition from occurring, which could negatively impact abbvie's share price and future business and financial results. further, as a condition to their approval of the acquisition, agencies may impose requirements, limitations or costs or require divestitures or place restrictions on the conduct of the abbvie's business after the closing. these requirements, limitations, costs, divestitures or restrictions could jeopardize or delay the consummation of the acquisition or may reduce the anticipated benefits of the transaction. in addition, changes in laws and regulations, including irish legislation implementing a tax increase payable upon completion of the acquisition, could adversely impact abbvie's post-acquisition profitability and financial results. following the acquisition, abbvie may not realize the acquisition's intended benefits within the expected timeframe or at all.
the indebtedness of the combined company following the consummation of the acquisition will be substantially greater than abbvie's indebtedness on a standalone basis and greater than the combined indebtedness of abbvie and allergan prior to the announcement of the acquisition. this increased level of indebtedness could adversely affect the combined company's business flexibility and increase its borrowing costs.
abbvie expects that the cash consideration due to allergan's shareholders under the transaction agreement and related fees and expenses will be approximately $41 billion. in addition to using cash on hand, abbvie has incurred significant acquisition-related debt financing, including unsecured term loans and senior notes. for more information, see note 10"debt, credit facilities and commitments and contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements included under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data." abbvie also intends to assume all the existing indebtedness of allergan and its subsidiaries. abbvie's substantially increased indebtedness and higher debt to equity ratio following the consummation of the acquisition may have the effect of, among other things, reducing its flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions, lowering its credit ratings, increasing its borrowing costs and/or requiring it to reduce or delay investments, strategic acquisitions and capital expenditures or to seek additional capital or restructure or refinance its indebtedness.
risks related to abbvie's common stock abbvie cannot guarantee the timing, amount, or payment of dividends on its common stock.
although abbvie expects to pay regular cash dividends, the timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends to stockholders will fall within the discretion of abbvie's board of directors. the board's decisions regarding the payment of dividends will depend on many factors, such as abbvie's financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors that the board deems relevant. for more information, see item 5, "market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities." abbvie's ability to pay dividends will depend on its ongoing ability to generate cash from operations and access capital markets. abbvie cannot guarantee that it will continue to pay a dividend in the future.
in the future, a stockholder's percentage ownership in abbvie may be diluted because of equity issuances for capital market transactions, equity awards that abbvie will be granting to abbvie's directors, officers and employees, acquisitions
(including abbvie's pending acquisition of allergan), or other purposes. abbvie's employees have options to purchase shares of its common stock as a result of conversion of their abbott stock options (in whole or in part) to abbvie stock options. abbvie anticipates its compensation committee will grant additional stock options or other stock-based awards to its employees. such awards will have a dilutive effect on abbvie's earnings per share, which could adversely affect the market price of abbvie's common stock. from time to time, abbvie will issue additional options or other stock-based awards to its employees under abbvie's employee benefits plans.
in addition, abbvie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes abbvie to issue, without the approval of abbvie's stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designation, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, including preferences over abbvie's common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as abbvie's board of directors generally may determine. the terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of abbvie's common stock. for example, abbvie could grant the holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of abbvie's directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences abbvie could assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of the common stock.
certain provisions in abbvie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws, and of delaware law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of abbvie, which could decrease the trading price of abbvie's common stock.
abbvie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws contain, and delaware law contains, provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by encouraging prospective acquirors to negotiate with abbvie's board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. these provisions include, among others:
•   the inability of abbvie's stockholders to call a special meeting;
•   the division of abbvie's board of directors into three classes of directors, with each class serving a staggered three-year term;
•   a provision that stockholders may only remove directors for cause;
•   the ability of abbvie's directors, and not stockholders, to fill vacancies on abbvie's board of directors; and
•   the requirement that the affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least 80% of abbvie's voting stock is required to amend certain provisions in abbvie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and abbvie's amended and restated by-laws relating to the number, term and election of abbvie's directors, the filling of board vacancies, the calling of special meetings of stockholders and director and officer indemnification provisions.
in addition, section 203 of the delaware general corporation law provides that, subject to limited exceptions, persons that acquire, or are affiliated with a person that acquires, more than 15% of the outstanding voting stock of a delaware corporation shall not engage in any business combination with that corporation, including by merger, consolidation or acquisitions of additional shares, for a three-year period following the date on which that person or its affiliates becomes the holder of more than 15% of the corporation's outstanding voting stock.
abbvie believes these provisions protect its stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirors to negotiate with abbvie's board of directors and by providing abbvie's board of directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. these provisions are not intended to make the company immune from takeovers. however, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that abbvie's board of directors determines is not in the best interests of abbvie and abbvie's stockholders. these provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors.
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k contains certain forward looking statements regarding business strategies, market potential, future financial performance and other matters. the words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "project" and similar expressions, among others, generally identify "forward looking statements," which speak only as of the date the statements were made. the matters discussed in these forward looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated or implied in the forward looking statements. in particular, information included under item 1, "business," item 1a, "risk factors," and item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" contain forward looking statements. where, in any forward looking statement, an expectation or belief as to future results or events is expressed, such expectation or belief is based on the current plans and expectations of abbvie management and expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished. factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated include the matters described under item 1a, "risk factors" and item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." abbvie does not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements included in this annual report on form 10-k to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, unless abbvie is required by applicable securities law to do so.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following is a discussion and analysis of the financial condition of abbvie inc. (abbvie or the company) as of december 31, 2019 and 2018 and results of operations for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2019. this commentary should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes appearing in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
executive overview company overview abbvie is a global, research-based biopharmaceutical company formed in 2013 following separation from abbott laboratories (abbott). abbvie uses its expertise, dedicated people and unique approach to innovation to develop and market advanced therapies that address some of the world's most complex and serious diseases. abbvie's products are focused on treating conditions such as chronic autoimmune diseases in rheumatology, gastroenterology and dermatology; oncology, including blood cancers; virology, including hepatitis c virus (hcv) and human immunodeficiency virus (hiv); neurological disorders, such as parkinson's disease; metabolic diseases, including thyroid disease and complications associated with cystic fibrosis; pain associated with endometriosis; as well as other serious health conditions. abbvie also has a pipeline of promising new medicines in clinical development across such important medical specialties as immunology, oncology and neuroscience, with additional targeted investment in cystic fibrosis and women's health.
abbvie's products are generally sold worldwide directly to wholesalers, distributors, government agencies, health care facilities, specialty pharmacies and independent retailers from abbvie-owned distribution centers and public warehouses. in the united states, abbvie distributes pharmaceutical products principally through independent wholesale distributors, with some sales directly to pharmacies and patients. outside the united states, abbvie sells products primarily to customers or through distributors, depending on the market served. certain products are co-marketed or co-promoted with other companies. abbvie has approximately 30,000 employees. abbvie operates in one business segment-pharmaceutical products.
on june 25, 2019, abbvie announced that it entered into a definitive transaction agreement under which abbvie will acquire allergan plc (allergan). see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the proposed acquisition.
2019 financial results abbvie's strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results, advancing and investing in its pipeline and returning value to shareholders while ensuring a strong, sustainable growth business over the long term. the company's financial performance in 2019 included delivering worldwide net revenues of $33.3 billion, operating earnings of $13.0 billion, diluted earnings per share of $5.28 and cash flows from operations of $13.3 billion. worldwide net revenues grew by 3% on a constant currency basis, primarily driven by revenue growth related to imbruvica and venclexta as well as the continued strength of humira in the u.s. and newly launched immunology assets skyrizi and rinvoq, offset by international humira biosimilar competition.
diluted earnings per share in 2019 was $5.28 and included the following after-tax costs: (i) $3.2 billion for the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities; (ii) $1.3 billion related to the amortization of intangible assets; (iii) a stemcentrx-related impairment charge of $823 million net of the related fair value adjustment to contingent consideration liabilities; (iv) $364 million for acquired in-process research and development (ipr&d); and (v) $338 million of expenses related to the proposed allergan acquisition. these costs were partially offset by the following after-tax benefits: (i) $414 million from litigation matters primarily due to the settlement of an intellectual property dispute with a third party; (ii) $400 million due to the favorable resolution of various tax positions; and (iii) $297 million from an amended and restated license agreement between abbvie and reata pharmaceuticals, inc. (reata). additionally, financial results reflected continued funding to support all stages of abbvie's emerging pipeline assets and continued investment in abbvie's on-market brands.
2020 strategic objectives abbvie's mission is to be an innovation-driven, patient-focused specialty biopharmaceutical company capable of achieving top-tier financial performance through outstanding execution and a consistent stream of innovative new medicines. abbvie intends to continue to advance its mission in a number of ways, including: (i) growing revenues by diversifying revenue streams, ensuring strong commercial execution of new product launches and driving late-stage pipeline assets to the market; (ii) continuing to invest and expand its pipeline in support of opportunities in immunology, oncology and neuroscience, with additional targeted investment in cystic fibrosis and women's health as well as continued investment in key on-market products; (iii) expanding operating margins; and (iv) returning cash to shareholders via a strong and growing dividend while also reducing incremental debt. in addition, abbvie anticipates several regulatory submissions and key data readouts from key clinical trials in the next 12 months.
abbvie expects to achieve its strategic objectives through:
•   completion and successful integration of the proposed allergan acquisition.
•   effective management of humira international biosimilar erosion.
•   the favorable impact of pipeline products and indications recently approved or currently under regulatory review where approval is expected in 2020. these products are described in greater detail in the section labeled "research and development" included as part of this item 7.
abbvie remains committed to driving continued expansion of operating margins and expects to achieve this objective through continued leverage from revenue growth, productivity initiatives in supply chain and ongoing efficiency programs to optimize manufacturing, commercial infrastructure, administrative costs and general corporate expenses.
the combination of abbvie and allergan will create a diverse entity with leadership positions across immunology, hematologic oncology, aesthetics, neuroscience, women's health, eye care and virology. abbvie's existing product portfolio and pipeline will be enhanced with numerous allergan assets and allergan's product portfolio will benefit from abbvie's commercial strength, expertise and international infrastructure.
research and development research and innovation are the cornerstones of abbvie's business as a global biopharmaceutical company. abbvie's long-term success depends to a great extent on its ability to continue to discover and develop innovative pharmaceutical products and acquire or collaborate on compounds currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies.
abbvie's pipeline currently includes approximately 60 compounds or indications in clinical development individually or under collaboration or license agreements and is focused on such important medical specialties as immunology, oncology and neuroscience along with targeted investments in cystic fibrosis and women's health. of these programs, approximately 30 are in mid- and late-stage development.
the following sections summarize transitions of significant programs from phase 2 development to phase 3 development as well as developments in significant phase 3 and registration programs. abbvie expects multiple phase 2 programs to transition into phase 3 programs in the next 12 months.
significant programs and developments immunology rinvoq
•   in february 2019, the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) accepted for priority review abbvie's new drug application (nda) for upadacitinib, an investigational oral jak1-selective inhibitor, for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis (ra).
•   in february 2019, abbvie initiated a phase 3 clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of upadacitinib in subjects with giant cell arteritis.
•   in august 2019, the fda approved rinvoq (upadacitinib) for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active ra who have had an inadequate response or intolerance to methotrexate.
•   in october 2019, abbvie announced top-line results from its first phase 3 clinical trial of rinvoq in adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis (psa). results from the select-psa 2 study, which evaluated rinvoq versus placebo in patients who did not adequately respond to treatment with one or more biologic dmards, showed that both doses of rinvoq (15 mg and 30 mg) met the primary and key secondary endpoints at week 12. the safety profile was consistent with that of previous studies across indications, with no new safety risks detected.
•   in november 2019, abbvie announced data from the phase 2/3 select-axis 1 trial in which twice as many adult patients with ankylosing spondylitis treated with rinvoq achieved the primary endpoint at week 14 versus placebo. the safety profile was consistent with that of previous studies across indications, with no new safety risks detected.
•   in november 2019, abbvie initiated a phase 3 clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of rinvoq in adult patients with axial spondyloarthritis.
•   in december 2019, the european commission (ec) granted marketing authorization for rinvoq for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis who have had an inadequate response or intolerance to one or more dmards.
•   in february 2020, abbvie announced top-line results from its second phase 3 clinical trial of rinvoq in adult patients with active psa. results from the select-psa 1 study, which evaluated rinvoq versus placebo in patients who did not adequately respond to treatment with one or more non-biologic dmards, showed that both doses of rinvoq (15 mg and 30 mg) met the primary and key secondary endpoints. the safety profile was consistent with that of previous studies across indications, with no new safety risks detected.
•   in march 2019, abbvie initiated two phase 3 clinical trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of risankizumab, an investigational interleukin-23 (il-23) inhibitor, in subjects with psoriatic arthritis.
•   in april 2019, the fda approved skyrizi (risankizumab) for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in adults who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy.
•   in april 2019, the ec granted marketing authorization for skyrizi for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in adult patients who are candidates for systemic therapy.
•   in january 2019, the fda approved imbruvica, in combination with gazyva (obinutuzumab), for adult patients with previously untreated chronic lymphocytic leukemia (cll)/small lymphocytic lymphoma (sll).
•   in june 2019, abbvie announced results from the phase 3 cll12 trial, evaluating imbruvica in patients with previously untreated cll, which demonstrated that imbruvica significantly improved event- and progression-free survival.
•   in november 2019, abbvie submitted a supplemental new drug application (snda) to the fda for imbruvica in combination with rituximab for the first-line treatment of younger patients with cll or sll.
•   in march 2019, abbvie announced that the fda placed a partial clinical hold on all clinical trials evaluating venclexta for the investigational treatment of multiple myeloma (mm). the partial clinical hold followed a review of data from the ongoing phase 3 bellini trial, a study in relapsed/refractory mm, in which a higher proportion of deaths was observed in the venclexta arm compared to the control arm of the trial. in june 2019, abbvie announced that the fda lifted the partial clinical hold placed on the phase 3 canova trial, evaluating venclexta for the investigational treatment of relapsed/refractory mm positive for the translocation (11;14) abnormality, based upon agreement on revisions to the canova study protocol, including new risk mitigation measures, protocol-specified guidelines and updated futility criteria. this action does not impact any of the approved indications for venclexta, such as cll or acute myeloid leukemia (aml).
•   in may 2019, the fda approved venclexta, in combination with obinutuzumab, for adult patients with previously untreated cll/sll. the approval was based on data from the phase 3 cll14 trial, evaluating the efficacy and safety of venclexta plus obinutuzumab versus obinutuzumab plus chlorambucil in previously untreated patients with cll, which demonstrated that venclexta plus obinutuzumab prolonged progression-free survival and achieved higher rates of complete response and minimal residual disease-negativity compared to commonly used standard of care obinutuzumab plus chlorambucil.
•   in january 2020, abbvie announced that the committee for medicinal products for human use (chmp) of the european medicines agency (ema) granted a positive opinion for venclyxto in combination with obinutuzumab for patients with previously untreated cll.
•   in may 2019, abbvie announced the decision to discontinue the phase 3 intellance-1 study of depatuxizumab mafodotin (depatux-m, previously known as abt-414) in patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma, whose tumors have egfr (epidermal growth factor receptor) amplification, at an interim analysis. an independent data monitoring committee recommended stopping enrollment in intellance-1 due to lack of survival benefit for patients receiving depatux-m compared with placebo when added to the standard regimen of radiation and temozolomide. enrollment has been halted in all ongoing depatux-m studies.
•   in july 2019, abbvie announced that top-line results from the phase 3 brocade3 study evaluating veliparib, an investigational, oral poly (adenosine diphosphate-ribose) polymerase (parp) inhibitor, in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel met its primary endpoint of progression-free survival in patients with her2 negative germline brca-mutated advanced breast cancer.
•   in july 2019, abbvie announced that top-line results from the phase 3 velia study, conducted in collaboration with the gog foundation, inc., evaluating veliparib with carboplatin and paclitaxel followed by veliparib maintenance therapy met its primary endpoint of progression-free survival in patients with newly diagnosed ovarian cancer, regardless of biomarker status.
•   in august 2019, abbvie announced the decision to terminate the meru trial, a phase 3 study evaluating rovalpituzumab tesirine (rova-t) as a first-line maintenance therapy for advanced small-cell lung cancer (sclc). an independent data monitoring committee recommended terminating the study after results demonstrated no survival benefit at a pre-planned interim analysis for patients receiving rova-t as compared with placebo. with the closing of the meru trial, abbvie announced the termination of the rova-t research and development program.
•   in august 2019, the ec granted marketing authorization for maviret (glecaprevir/pibrentasvir) to shorten the once-daily treatment duration from 12 to 8 weeks in treatment-naïve, compensated cirrhotic, chronic hcv patients with genotype (gt)1, 2, 4, 5 and 6 infection.
•   in january 2020, abbvie announced that the chmp of the ema has recommended a change to the marketing authorization for maviret to shorten once-daily treatment duration from 12 to 8 weeks in treatment-naïve, compensated cirrhotic, chronic hcv patients with gt 3 infection.
•   in may 2019, abbvie initiated a phase 3 clinical trial to evaluate the safety and tolerability of abbv-951, a subcutaneous levodopa/carbidopa delivery system, in subjects with parkinson's disease.
•   in july 2019, abbvie announced the decision to discontinue the phase 2 arise study evaluating abbv-8e12, an investigational anti-tau antibody, in patients with progressive supranuclear palsy, after an independent data
monitoring committee recommended stopping the trial for futility after the trial showed that abbv-8e12 did not provide efficacy.
•   in july 2019, abbvie submitted an nda to the fda for elagolix in combination with estradiol/norethindrone acetate (e2/neta) daily add-back therapy for the management of heavy menstrual bleeding associated with uterine fibroids.
results of operations net revenues the comparisons presented at constant currency rates reflect comparative local currency net revenues at the prior year's foreign exchange rates. this measure provides information on the change in net revenues assuming that foreign currency exchange rates had not changed between the prior and the current periods. abbvie believes that the non-gaap measure of change in net revenues at constant currency rates, when used in conjunction with the gaap measure of change in net revenues at actual currency rates, may provide a more complete understanding of the company's operations and can facilitate analysis of the company's results of operations, particularly in evaluating performance from one period to another.
percent change at actual currency rates                   at constant currency rates years ended (dollars in millions)            2019   2018                2017                             2019                 2018                 2019                    2018
united states                         $23,907             $21,524             $18,251             11.1      %          17.9      %         11.1       %            17.9       %
| 2019 form 10-k the following table details abbvie's worldwide net revenues:
percent change at actual currency rates                             at constant currency rates years ended december 31 (dollars in millions)                  2019                2018                2017                     2019                       2018                      2019                         2018
immunology humira                   united states                  $14,864             $13,685             $12,361                   8.6      %                10.7      %               8.6       %                 10.7       %
skyrizi                  united states                     $311                  $-                  $-                   n/m                        n/m                      n/m                          n/m international                       44                   -                   -                   n/m                        n/m                      n/m                          n/m total                             $355                  $-                  $-                   n/m                        n/m                      n/m                          n/m rinvoq                   united states                      $47                  $-                  $-                   n/m                        n/m                      n/m                          n/m international                        -                   -                   -                   n/m                        n/m                      n/m                          n/m total                              $47                  $-                  $-                   n/m                        n/m                      n/m                          n/m hematologic oncology imbruvica                united states                   $3,830              $2,968              $2,144                  29.1      %                38.4      %              29.1       %                 38.4       %
venclexta                united states                     $521                $247                 $89            &gt;100.0%                 &gt;100.0%               &gt;100.0%                   &gt;100.0%
hcv mavyret                  united states                   $1,473              $1,614                $277                  (8.8     )%          &gt;100.0%                     (8.8      )%           &gt;100.0%
viekira                  united states                       $-                  $3                 $61                (100.0     )%               (96.7     )%            (100.0      )%                (96.7      )%
other key products creon                    united states                   $1,041                $928                $831                  12.2      %                11.7      %              12.2       %                 11.7       %
lupron                   united states                     $720                $726                $669                  (0.8     )%                 8.6      %              (0.8      )%                  8.6       %
synthroid                united states                     $786                $776                $781                   1.3      %                (0.6     )%               1.3       %                 (0.6      )%
duodopa                  united states                      $97                 $80                 $61                  20.4      %                31.4      %              20.4       %                 31.4       %
sevoflurane              united states                      $74                 $74                 $78                   2.0      %                (6.2     )%               2.0       %                 (6.2      )%
kaletra                  united states                      $38                 $55                 $71                 (31.0     )%               (22.1     )%             (31.0      )%                (22.1      )%
androgel                 united states                     $172                $469                $577                 (63.3     )%               (18.8     )%             (63.3      )%                (18.8      )%
orilissa                 united states                      $91                 $11                  $-            &gt;100.0%                        n/m               &gt;100.0%                          n/m international                        2                   -                   -                   n/m                        n/m                      n/m                          n/m total                              $93                 $11                  $-            &gt;100.0%                        n/m               &gt;100.0%                          n/m all other                                                  $511                $308                $876                  66.1      %               (64.9     )%              73.0       %                (73.2      )%
global humira sales decreased 3% in 2019 and increased 7% in 2018. the sales decrease in 2019 was primarily driven by direct biosimilar competition in certain international markets, partially offset by market growth across therapeutic categories. the sales increase in 2018 was primarily driven by market growth across therapeutic categories and geographies as well as favorable pricing in certain geographies. in the united states, humira sales increased 9% in 2019 and 11% in 2018. the sales increases in 2019 and 2018 were primarily driven by market growth across all indications and favorable pricing. internationally, humira revenues decreased 28% in 2019 and increased 1% in 2018. the sales decrease in 2019 was primarily driven by direct biosimilar competition in europe following the expiration of the european union composition of matter patent for adalimumab in october 2018. the sales increase in 2018 was primarily driven by market growth across indications partially offset by direct biosimilar competition. biosimilar competition for humira is not expected in the united states until 2023. abbvie continues to pursue strategies intended to further differentiate humira from competing products and add to the sustainability of humira.
net revenues for skyrizi were $355 million in 2019 following the april 2019 regulatory approvals for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
net revenues for rinvoq were $47 million in 2019 following the august 2019 fda approval for the treatment of moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis.
net revenues for imbruvica represent product revenues in the united states and collaboration revenues outside of the united states related to abbvie's 50% share of imbruvica profit. abbvie's global imbruvica revenues increased 30% in 2019 and 39% in 2018 as a result of continued penetration of imbruvica for patients with cll as well as favorable pricing.
net revenues for venclexta increased by more than 100% in 2019 and 2018 primarily due to market share gains following additional regulatory approvals of venclexta for the treatment of patients with relapsed/refractory cll and first-line aml in 2018 and first-line cll in 2019.
global mavyret sales decreased by 15% in 2019 primarily driven by lower patient volumes in certain international markets and competitive dynamics in the u.s. global mavyret sales increased more than 100% in 2018 as a result of market share gains following the fda and ema approvals of mavyret in the second half of 2017 as well as further geographic expansion. global viekira sales decreased by 78% in 2019 and 76% in 2018 primarily due to lower market share following the launch of mavyret.
net revenues for creon increased 12% in 2019 and 12% in 2018, primarily driven by continued market growth and favorable pricing. creon maintains market leadership in the pancreatic enzyme market.
net revenues for duodopa increased 12% in 2019 and 18% in 2018, primarily driven by increased market penetration.
gross margin percent change years ended december 31 (dollars in millions)            2019                2018                2017          2019           2018
gross margin as a percentage of net revenues in 2019 increased from 2018 primarily due to the full year effect of the expiration of humira royalties, partially offset by the imbruvica profit sharing arrangement and unfavorable impact from higher intangible asset amortization.
gross margin as a percentage of net revenues in 2018 increased from 2017 primarily due to the expiration of humira royalties and a 2017 intangible asset impairment charge of $354 million partially offset by the imbruvica profit sharing arrangement.
32 | 2019 form 10-k selling, general and administrative percent change years ended december 31 (dollars in millions)            2019                2018                2017          2019           2018
selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses as a percentage of net revenues in 2019 decreased from 2018 primarily due to the favorable impacts of international humira expense reductions and lower litigation reserve charges that decreased by $326 million. this favorability was partially offset by new product launch expenses, higher restructuring charges and $103 million of transaction expenses associated with the proposed allergan transaction. additionally, sg&a expenses in 2018 included non-recurring philanthropic contributions of $350 million to certain u.s. not-for-profit organizations.
sg&a expenses as a percentage of net revenues in 2018 increased from 2017 primarily due to new product launch expenses and non-recurring philanthropic contributions to certain u.s. not-for-profit organizations partially offset by continued leverage from revenue growth.
research and development and acquired in-process research and development percent change years ended december 31 (dollars in millions)            2019                2018                2017   2019                         2018
research and development                           $6,407             $10,329              $5,007           (38   )%        &gt;100%
acquired in-process research and development         $385                $424                $327            (9   )%              30   %
research and development (r&d) expenses decreased in 2019 and increased in 2018 principally due to impairment charges related to ipr&d acquired as part of the 2016 stemcentrx acquisition. in 2019, the company recorded a $1.0 billion intangible asset impairment charge which represented the remaining value of the ipr&d acquired following the decision to terminate the rova-t r&d program. in 2018, the company recorded a $5.1 billion intangible asset impairment charge following the decision to stop enrollment in the tahoe trial, which lowered the probabilities of success of achieving regulatory approval across rova-t and other early-stage assets obtained in the acquisition. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding these impairment charges.
acquired ipr&d expenses reflect upfront payments related to various collaborations. there were no individually significant transactions or cash flows during 2019 or 2018. acquired ipr&d expense in 2017 included a charge of $205 million as a result of entering into a global strategic collaboration with alector, inc. (alector) to develop and commercialize medicines to treat alzheimer's disease and other neurodegenerative disorders. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the alector agreement.
other operating expenses and income other operating income in 2019 included $550 million of income from a legal settlement related to an intellectual property dispute with a third party and $330 million of income related to an amended and restated license agreement between abbvie and reata. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the reata agreement.
other operating expenses in 2018 included a $500 million charge related to the extension of the previously announced calico collaboration to discover, develop and bring to market new therapies for patients with age-related diseases, including neurodegeneration and cancer. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the calico agreement.
net foreign exchange loss                         $42                 $24                $348
interest expense in 2019 increased compared to 2018 primarily due to $363 million of incremental interest and debt issuance costs associated with financing the proposed acquisition of allergan, as well as the unfavorable impact of higher interest rates on the company's debt obligations. interest expense in 2018 increased compared to 2017 primarily due to the unfavorable impact of higher interest rates on the company's debt obligations and a higher average outstanding debt balance during 2018.
interest income in 2019 increased compared to 2018 primarily due to a higher average cash and cash equivalents balance during 2019, partially offset by decreased investments in debt securities. interest income in 2018 increased compared to 2017 primarily due to higher interest rates.
net foreign exchange loss in 2017 included $316 million of historical currency translation losses that were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (aoci) related to the liquidation of certain foreign entities following the enactment of u.s. tax reform.
other expense, net included charges related to the change in fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities of $3.1 billion in 2019, $49 million in 2018 and $626 million in 2017. the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities is impacted by the passage of time and multiple other inputs, including the probability of success of achieving regulatory/commercial milestones, discount rates, the estimated amount of future sales of the acquired products still in development and other market-based factors. in 2019, the boehringer ingelheim (bi) contingent consideration liability increased due to higher probabilities of success, higher estimated future sales, declining interest rates and passage of time. the higher probabilities of success primarily resulted from the april 2019 regulatory approvals of skyrizi for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. these changes were partially offset by a $91 million decrease in the stemcentrx contingent consideration liability due to the termination of the rova-t r&d program during the third quarter of 2019. in 2018, the bi contingent consideration liability increased due to the passage of time and higher estimated future sales partially offset by the effect of rising interest rates. this increase in the bi contingent consideration liability was primarily offset by a $428 million decrease in the stemcentrx contingent consideration liability recorded during the fourth quarter of 2018 due to a reduction in probabilities of success of achieving regulatory approval across rova-t and other early-stage stemcentrx assets. in 2017, the change in fair value represented mainly higher probabilities of success, the passage of time and declining interest rates. other expense, net for 2017 also included realized gains on available-for-sale investment securities of $90 million.
income tax expense the effective income tax rate was 6% in 2019, negative 9% in 2018 and 31% in 2017. the effective tax rate in each period differed from the statutory tax rate principally due to the allocation of the company's taxable earnings among jurisdictions, the benefit from foreign operations which reflects the impact of lower income tax rates in locations outside the united states, tax incentives in puerto rico and other foreign tax jurisdictions and business development activities. the increase in the effective tax rate for 2019 over the prior year was principally due to the timing of provisions of the tax cuts and jobs act (the act) related to the earnings from certain foreign subsidiaries. the increase is also attributable to changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings, including a change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities. these increases were partially offset by the favorable resolution of various tax positions in the current year.
the effective tax rate for 2018 also included the effects of stemcentrx intangible impairment related expenses.
the effective tax rate in 2017 included tax expense of $4.5 billion on the one-time mandatory repatriation of previously untaxed earnings of foreign subsidiaries, partially offset by a $3.6 billion net tax benefit for the remeasurement of deferred taxes related to the act and foreign tax law changes.
34 | 2019 form 10-k the act significantly changed the u.s. corporate tax system. the act reduced the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% and created a territorial tax system that included new taxes on certain foreign sourced earnings. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the act.
financial position, liquidity and capital resources years ended december 31 (in millions)            2019   2018                2017
operating activities                      $13,324             $13,427              $9,960
investing activities                          596              (1,006   )            (274   )
financing activities                       18,708             (14,396   )          (5,512   )
operating cash flows in 2019 decreased slightly from 2018 primarily due to higher payments for income taxes offset by improved results of operations resulting from an increase in operating earnings. operating cash flows in 2018 increased from 2017 primarily due to improved results of operations from revenue growth and a decrease in income tax payments. operating cash flows also reflected abbvie's contributions to its defined benefit plans of $727 million in 2019, $873 million in 2018 and $246 million in 2017.
investing cash flows in 2019 included net sales and maturities of investments totaling $2.1 billion resulting from the sale of substantially all of the company's investments in debt securities, payments made for other acquisitions and investments of $1.1 billion and capital expenditures of $552 million. investing cash flows in 2018 included payments made for other acquisitions and investments of $736 million and capital expenditures of $638 million, partially offset by net sales and maturities of investment securities totaling $368 million. investing cash flows in 2017 included capital expenditures of $529 million and payments made for other acquisitions and investments of $308 million, partially offset by net sales and maturities of investment securities totaling $563 million.
financing cash flows in 2019 included the issuance of $30.0 billion aggregate principal amount of floating rate and fixed rate unsecured senior notes at maturities ranging from 18 months to 30 years. abbvie expects to use the net proceeds of $29.8 billion to fund a portion of the aggregate cash consideration due to allergan shareholders in connection with the proposed acquisition and to pay related fees and expenses. pending the consummation of the proposed allergan acquisition, the net proceeds from the offering are permitted to be invested temporarily in short-term investments. all of the notes are subject to special mandatory redemption at a redemption price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the notes plus accrued and unpaid interest if the proposed acquisition of allergan is not completed by january 30, 2021 or the company notifies the trustee in respect of the notes that it will not pursue the consummation of the proposed allergan acquisition.
additionally, financing cash flows in 2019 included the issuance of €1.4 billion aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior euro notes which the company used to redeem €1.4 billion aggregate principal amount of 0.38% senior euro notes that were due to mature in november 2019, as well as the repayment of a $3.0 billion 364-day term loan credit agreement that was scheduled to mature in june 2019.
financing cash flows in 2018 included proceeds from the issuance of $3.0 billion drawn under the term loan in june 2018. in september 2018, the company issued $6.0 billion aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes. of the $5.9 billion net proceeds, $2.0 billion was used to repay the company's outstanding three-year term loan credit agreement in september 2018 and $1.0 billion was used to repay the aggregate principal amount of 2.00% senior notes at maturity in november 2018. financing cash flows in 2018 also included the may 2018 repayment of $3.0 billion aggregate principal amount of the company's 1.80% senior notes at maturity.
in 2019, 2018 and 2017, the company issued and redeemed commercial paper. there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding as of december 31, 2019 and there was $699 million outstanding as of december 31, 2018. abbvie may issue additional commercial paper or retire commercial paper to meet liquidity requirements as needed.
cash dividend payments totaled $6.4 billion in 2019, $5.6 billion in 2018 and $4.1 billion in 2017. the increase in cash dividend payments was primarily driven by an increase in the dividend rate. on november 1, 2019, abbvie announced that its board of directors declared an increase in the quarterly cash dividend from $1.07 per share to $1.18 per share beginning with the dividend payable on february 14, 2020 to stockholders of record as of january 15, 2020. this reflects an increase of approximately 10.3% over the previous quarterly rate. the timing, declaration, amount of and payment of any dividends by abbvie in the future is within the discretion of its board of directors and will depend upon many factors, including abbvie's financial condition, earnings, capital requirements of its operating subsidiaries, covenants associated with certain of abbvie's
debt service obligations, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice, ability to access capital markets and other factors deemed relevant by its board of directors.
on february 15, 2018, abbvie's board of directors authorized a new $10.0 billion stock repurchase program, which superseded abbvie's previous stock repurchase program. on december 13, 2018, abbvie's board of directors authorized a $5.0 billion increase to the existing $10.0 billion stock repurchase program. the company's stock repurchase authorization permits purchases of abbvie shares from time to time in open-market or private transactions at management's discretion. the program has no time limit and can be discontinued at any time. under this authorization, abbvie repurchased 4 million shares for $300 million in 2019 and 109 million shares for $10.7 billion in 2018. abbvie cash-settled $201 million of its december 2018 open market purchases in january 2019. abbvie's remaining stock repurchase authorization was $4.0 billion as of december 31, 2019.
under previous stock repurchase programs, abbvie made open market share repurchases of 11 million shares for $1.3 billion in 2018 and 13 million shares for $1.0 billion in 2017. abbvie cash-settled $285 million of its december 2016 open market purchases in january 2017.
in connection with the proposed acquisition of allergan, on june 25, 2019, abbvie entered into a $38.0 billion 364-day bridge credit agreement and on july 12, 2019, abbvie entered into a $6.0 billion term loan credit agreement. the company incurred a total of $242 million of debt issuance costs related to the two agreements. on october 25, 2019, abbvie commenced offers to exchange any and all outstanding notes of certain series issued by allergan for up to $15.5 billion aggregate principal amount and €3.7 billion aggregate principal amount of new notes to be issued by abbvie and cash, subject to conditions including the closing of the proposed acquisition. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. in february 2020, the remaining commitments under the bridge credit agreement were reduced to $0 as a result of cash on hand at abbvie. abbvie subsequently terminated the bridge credit agreement in its entirety as permitted under its terms.
credit risk abbvie monitors economic conditions, the creditworthiness of customers and government regulations and funding, both domestically and abroad. abbvie regularly communicates with its customers regarding the status of receivable balances, including their payment plans and obtains positive confirmation of the validity of the receivables. abbvie establishes an allowance against accounts receivable when it is probable they will not be collected. abbvie may also utilize factoring arrangements to mitigate credit risk, although the receivables included in such arrangements have historically not been a significant amount of total outstanding receivables.
credit facility, access to capital and credit ratings credit facility in august 2019, abbvie entered into an amended and restated $4.0 billion five-year revolving credit facility that matures in august 2024. this amended facility enables the company to borrow funds on an unsecured basis at variable interest rates and contains various covenants. at december 31, 2019, the company was in compliance with all its credit facility covenants. commitment fees under the credit facility were insignificant. no amounts were outstanding under the company's credit facilities as of december 31, 2019 and 2018.
access to capital the company intends to fund short-term and long-term financial obligations as they mature through cash on hand, future cash flows from operations, or by issuing additional debt. the company's ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt or enter into financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a material decline in the demand for the company's products or in the solvency of its customers or suppliers, deterioration in the company's key financial ratios or credit ratings, or other material unfavorable changes in business conditions. at the current time, the company believes it has sufficient financial flexibility to issue debt, enter into other financing arrangements and attract long-term capital on acceptable terms to support the company's growth objectives.
| 2019 form 10-k credit ratings following the announcement of the proposed acquisition of allergan and the $30.0 billion senior notes issuance, moody's investor service affirmed its baa2 senior unsecured long-term rating and prime-2 short-term rating with a stable outlook. s&p global ratings revised its ratings outlook to negative from stable and expects to lower the issuer credit rating by one notch to bbb+ from a- and the short-term rating to a-2 from a-1 when the acquisition is complete.
unfavorable changes to the ratings may have an adverse impact on future financing arrangements; however, they would not affect the company's ability to draw on its credit facility and would not result in an acceleration of scheduled maturities of any of the company's outstanding debt.
other long-term liabilities (c) (d) (e)                       11,544                       166                          1,395                          2,123                          7,860
(a)   includes estimated future interest payments on long-term debt. interest payments on debt are calculated for future periods using forecasted interest rates in effect at the end of 2019. projected interest payments include the related effects of interest rate swap agreements. certain of these projected interest payments may differ in the future based on changes in floating interest rates or other factors or events. the projected interest payments only pertain to obligations and agreements outstanding at december 31, 2019. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the company's debt instruments and note 11 for additional information on the interest rate swap agreements outstanding at december 31, 2019.
(b)   includes the company's significant unconditional purchase obligations. these commitments do not exceed the company's projected requirements and are made in the normal course of business.
(c)   excludes liabilities associated with the company's unrecognized tax benefits as it is not possible to reliably estimate the timing of the future cash outflows related to these liabilities. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on these unrecognized tax benefits.
(d)   includes $7.3 billion of contingent consideration liabilities which are recorded at fair value on the consolidated balance sheet. potential contingent consideration payments that exceed the fair value recorded on the consolidated balance sheet are not included in the table of contractual obligations. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding these liabilities.
(e)   includes a one-time transition tax liability on a mandatory deemed repatriation of previously untaxed earnings of foreign subsidiaries resulting from u.s. tax reform enacted in 2017. the one-time transition tax is generally payable in eight annual installments. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding these tax liabilities.
(f)   lease payments include approximately $350 million of contractual minimum lease payments for leases executed but not yet commenced. these leases will commence in 2020 with lease terms of approximately 11 years.
abbvie enters into r&d collaboration arrangements with third parties that may require future milestone payments to third parties contingent upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory, or commercial milestones. individually, these arrangements are insignificant in any one annual reporting period. however, if milestones for multiple products covered by these arrangements would happen to be reached in the same reporting period, the aggregate charge to expense could be material to the results of operations in that period. from a business perspective, the payments are viewed as positive because they signify that the product is successfully moving through development and is now generating or is more likely to generate future cash flows from product sales. it is not possible to predict with reasonable certainty whether these milestones will be achieved or the timing for achievement. as a result, these potential payments are not included in the table of contractual
obligations. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on these collaboration arrangements.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses. a summary of the company's significant accounting policies is included in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. certain of these policies are considered critical as these most significantly impact the company's financial condition and results of operations and require the most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. actual results may vary from these estimates.
revenue recognition abbvie recognizes revenue when control of promised goods or services is transferred to the company's customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration abbvie expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. sales, value add and other taxes collected concurrent with revenue-producing activities are excluded from revenue. abbvie generates revenue primarily from product sales. for the majority of sales, the company transfers control, invoices the customer and recognizes revenue upon shipment to the customer.
rebates abbvie provides rebates to pharmacy benefit managers, state government medicaid programs, insurance companies that administer medicare drug plans, wholesalers, group purchasing organizations and other government agencies and private entities.
rebate and chargeback accruals are accounted for as variable consideration and are recorded as a reduction to revenue in the period the related product is sold. rebates and chargebacks totaled $18.8 billion in 2019, $16.4 billion in 2018 and $12.9 billion in 2017. rebate amounts are typically based upon the volume of purchases using contractual or statutory prices, which may vary by product and by payer. for each type of rebate, the factors used in the calculations of the accrual for that rebate include the identification of the products subject to the rebate, the applicable price terms and the estimated lag time between sale and payment of the rebate, which can be significant.
in order to establish its rebate and chargeback accruals, the company uses both internal and external data to estimate the level of inventory in the distribution channel and the rebate claims processing lag time for each type of rebate. to estimate the rebate percentage or net price, the company tracks sales by product and by customer or payer. the company evaluates inventory data reported by wholesalers, available prescription volume information, product pricing, historical experience and other factors in order to determine the adequacy of its reserves. abbvie regularly monitors its reserves and records adjustments when rebate trends, rebate programs and contract terms, legislative changes, or other significant events indicate that a change in the reserve is appropriate. historically, adjustments to rebate accruals have not been material to net earnings.
| 2019 form 10-k the following table is an analysis of the three largest rebate accruals and chargeback allowances, which comprise approximately 94% of the total consolidated rebate and chargebacks recorded as reductions to revenues in 2019. remaining rebate provisions charged against gross revenues are not significant in the determination of operating earnings.
provisions                                     2,909                         3,990                            5,026
provisions                                     3,493                         4,729                            6,659
provisions                                     4,035                         5,772                            7,947
cash discounts and product returns cash discounts and product returns, which totaled $1.6 billion in 2019, $1.6 billion in 2018 and $1.3 billion in 2017, are accounted for as variable consideration and are recorded as a reduction to revenue in the same period the related product is sold. the reserve for cash discounts is readily determinable because the company's experience of payment history is fairly consistent. product returns can be reliably estimated based on the company's historical return experience.
pension and other post-employment benefits abbvie engages outside actuaries to assist in the determination of the obligations and costs under the pension and other post-employment benefit plans that are direct obligations of abbvie. the valuation of the funded status and the net periodic benefit cost for these plans are calculated using actuarial assumptions. the significant assumptions, which are reviewed annually, include the discount rate, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the health care cost trend rates, and are disclosed in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
the discount rate is selected based on current market rates on high-quality, fixed-income investments at december 31 each year. abbvie employs a yield-curve approach for countries where a robust bond market exists. the yield curve is developed using high-quality bonds. the yield-curve approach reflects the plans' specific cash flows (i.e. duration) in calculating the benefit obligations by applying the corresponding individual spot rates along the yield curve. abbvie reflects the plans' specific cash flows and applies them to the corresponding individual spot rates along the yield curve in calculating the service cost and interest cost portions of expense. for other countries, abbvie reviews various indices such as corporate bond and government bond benchmarks to estimate the discount rate. abbvie's assumed discount rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for defined benefit pension and other post-employment plans as of december 31, 2019. a 50 basis point change in the assumed discount rate would have had the following effects on abbvie's calculation of net periodic benefit costs in 2020 and projected benefit obligations as of december 31, 2019:
(in millions) (brackets denote a reduction)   increase                decrease defined benefit plans service and interest cost                     $(76      )             $92
projected benefit obligation                  (723      )             825
projected benefit obligation                  (101      )             117
the expected long-term rate of return is based on the asset allocation, historical performance and the current view of expected future returns. abbvie considers these inputs with a long-term focus to avoid short-term market influences. the
current long-term rate of return on plan assets for each plan is supported by the historical performance of the trust's actual and target asset allocation. abbvie's assumed expected long-term rate of return has a significant effect on the amounts reported for defined benefit pension plans as of december 31, 2019 and will be used in the calculation of net periodic benefit cost in 2020. a one percentage point change in assumed expected long-term rate of return on plan assets would increase or decrease the net period benefit cost of these plans in 2020 by $71 million.
the health care cost trend rate is selected by reviewing historical trends and current views on projected future health care cost increases. the current health care cost trend rate is supported by the historical trend experience of each plan. assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for health care plans as of december 31, 2019 and will be used in the calculation of net periodic benefit cost in 2020. a one percentage point change in assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effects on abbvie's calculation of net periodic benefit costs in 2020 and the projected benefit obligation as of december 31, 2019:
projected benefit obligation                  244                 (186      )
income taxes abbvie accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. provisions for federal, state and foreign income taxes are calculated on reported pretax earnings based on current tax laws. deferred taxes are provided using enacted tax rates on the future tax consequences of temporary differences, which are the differences between the financial statement carrying amount of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and the tax benefits of carryforwards. a valuation allowance is established or maintained when, based on currently available information, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.
litigation the company is subject to contingencies, such as various claims, legal proceedings and investigations regarding product liability, intellectual property, commercial, securities and other matters that arise in the normal course of business. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. loss contingency provisions are recorded for probable losses at management's best estimate of a loss, or when a best estimate cannot be made, a minimum loss contingency amount within a probable range is recorded. accordingly, abbvie is often initially unable to develop a best estimate of loss and therefore, the minimum amount, which could be zero, is recorded. as information becomes known, either the minimum loss amount is increased, resulting in additional loss provisions, or a best estimate can be made, also resulting in additional loss provisions. occasionally, a best estimate amount is changed to a lower amount when events result in an expectation of a more favorable outcome than previously expected.
valuation of goodwill and intangible assets abbvie has acquired and may continue to acquire significant intangible assets in connection with business combinations that abbvie records at fair value. transactions involving the purchase or sale of intangible assets occur with some frequency between companies in the pharmaceuticals industry and valuations are usually based on a discounted cash flow analysis incorporating the stage of completion. the discounted cash flow model requires assumptions about the timing and amount of future net cash flows, risk, cost of capital, terminal values and market participants. each of these factors can significantly affect the value of the intangible asset. ipr&d acquired in a business combination is capitalized as an indefinite-lived intangible asset until regulatory approval is obtained, at which time it is accounted for as a definite-lived asset and amortized over its estimated useful life, or discontinuation, at which point the intangible asset will be written off. ipr&d acquired in transactions that are not business combinations is expensed immediately, unless deemed to have an alternative future use. payments made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalized and amortized over the remaining useful life.
abbvie reviews the recoverability of definite-lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment annually or when an event occurs that could result in an impairment. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
annually, the company tests its goodwill for impairment by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than its carrying amount. some of the factors considered in the assessment include general macro-economic conditions, conditions specific to the industry and market, cost factors, the overall financial
| 2019 form 10-k performance and whether there have been sustained declines in the company's share price. if the company concludes it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative impairment test is performed. abbvie tests indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than its carrying amount. if the company concludes it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative impairment test is performed.
for its quantitative impairment tests, the company uses an estimated future cash flow approach that requires significant judgment with respect to future volume, revenue and expense growth rates, changes in working capital use, the selection of an appropriate discount rate, asset groupings and other assumptions and estimates. the estimates and assumptions used are consistent with the company's business plans and a market participant's views. the use of alternative estimates and assumptions could increase or decrease the estimated fair value of the assets and could potentially impact the company's results of operations. actual results may differ from the company's estimates.
contingent consideration the fair value measurements of contingent consideration liabilities are determined as of the acquisition date based on significant unobservable inputs, including the discount rate, estimated probabilities and timing of achieving specified development, regulatory and commercial milestones and the estimated amount of future sales of the acquired products. contingent consideration liabilities are revalued to fair value at each subsequent reporting date until the related contingency is resolved. the potential contingent consideration payments are estimated by applying a probability-weighted expected payment model for contingent milestone payments and a monte carlo simulation model for contingent royalty payments, which are then discounted to present value. changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities can result from changes to one or a number of inputs, including discount rates, the probabilities of achieving the milestones, the time required to achieve the milestones and estimated future sales. significant judgment is employed in determining the appropriateness of certain of these inputs. changes to the inputs described above could have a material impact on the company's financial position and results of operations in any given period. at december 31, 2019, a 50 basis point increase/decrease in the assumed discount rate would have decreased/increased the value of the contingent consideration liabilities by approximately $280 million. additionally, at december 31, 2019, a five percentage point increase/decrease in the assumed probability of success across all potential indications would have increased/decreased the value of the contingent consideration liabilities by approximately $150 million.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on recent accounting pronouncements.