item 1a.   risk factors a significant decrease in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business and operating results, and we cannot control that demand.
a significant reduction in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. factors that may affect such demand include:
•   increased mergers, consolidations or exits that reduce the number of wireless service providers or increased use of network sharing among governments or wireless service providers;
•   the financial condition of wireless service providers;
•   zoning, environmental, health, tax or other government regulations or changes in the application and enforcement thereof;
•   a decrease in consumer demand for wireless services, including due to general economic conditions, disruption in the financial and credit markets or global social or political crises;
•   the ability and willingness of wireless service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures on network infrastructure;
•   delays or changes in the deployment of next generation wireless technologies; and
•   technological changes.
if our tenants consolidate their operations, exit the telecommunications business or share site infrastructure to a significant degree, our growth, revenue and ability to generate positive cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
significant consolidation among our tenants could reduce demand for our communications infrastructure and may materially and adversely affect our growth and revenues. certain combined companies have rationalized duplicative parts of their networks or modernized their networks, and these and other tenants could determine not to renew, or attempt to cancel, avoid or limit leases or related payments with us. in the event a tenant terminates its business or separately sells its spectrum, we may experience increased churn as a result. our ongoing contractual revenues and our future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. for example, see our discussion of carrier consolidation-driven churn in our asia segment in item 7 of this annual report, under the caption "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-executive overview." in addition, extensive sharing of site infrastructure, roaming or resale arrangements among wireless service providers as an alternative to leasing our communications sites, without compensation to us, may cause new lease activity to slow if carriers utilize shared equipment rather than deploy new equipment, or may result in the decommissioning of equipment on certain existing sites because portions of the tenants' networks may become redundant.
a substantial portion of our revenue is derived from a small number of tenants, and we are sensitive to adverse changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our tenants.
a substantial portion of our total operating revenues is derived from a small number of tenants. if any of these tenants are unwilling or unable to perform their obligations under their agreements with us, our revenues, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected.
one or more of our tenants, or their parent companies, may experience financial difficulties, file for bankruptcy or reduce or terminate operations as a result of a prolonged economic downturn, economic difficulties (including those from the imposition of taxes, fees, regulations or judicial interpretations of regulations, and any associated penalties or interest, which may be substantial, such as those imposed in india as a result of the october 2019 indian supreme court ruling regarding the definition of adjusted gross revenue ("agr") and associated fees and charges), or otherwise. such financial difficulties could result in uncollectible accounts receivable and an impairment of our deferred rent asset, tower asset, network location intangible asset, tenant-related intangible asset or goodwill. the loss of significant tenants, or the loss of all or a portion of our anticipated lease revenues from certain tenants, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
due to the long-term nature of our tenant leases, we depend on the continued financial strength of our tenants. many wireless service providers operate with substantial levels of debt. in our international operations, many of our tenants are subsidiaries of global telecommunications companies. these subsidiaries may not have the explicit or implied financial support of their parent entities.
in addition, many of our tenants and potential tenants rely on capital raising activities to fund their operations and capital expenditures, which may be more difficult or expensive in the event of downturns in the economy or disruptions in the financial and credit markets. if our tenants or potential tenants are unable to raise adequate capital to fund their business plans or face capital constraints, they may reduce their spending, file for bankruptcy or reduce or terminate operations, which could materially and adversely affect demand for our communications sites and our services business.
in the ordinary course of our business, we do occasionally experience disputes with our tenants, generally regarding the interpretation of terms in our leases. historically, we have resolved these disputes in a manner that did not have a material adverse effect on us or our tenant relationships. however, it is possible that such disputes could lead to a termination of our leases with those tenants, a material adverse modification of the terms of those leases or a deterioration in our relationships with those tenants that leads to a failure to obtain new business from them, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. if we are forced to resolve any of these disputes through litigation, our relationship with the applicable tenant could be terminated or damaged, which could lead to decreased revenue or increased costs, resulting in a corresponding adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
our business, and that of our tenants, is subject to laws, regulations and administrative and judicial decisions, and changes thereto, that could restrict our ability to operate our business as we currently do or impact our competitive landscape.
our business, and that of our tenants, is subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws, treaties and regulations and administrative and judicial decisions. in certain jurisdictions, these regulations, laws and treaties could be applied or be enforced retroactively. zoning authorities and community organizations are often opposed to the construction of communications sites in their communities, which can delay, prevent or increase the cost of new tower construction, modifications, additions of new antennas to a site or site upgrades, thereby limiting our ability to respond to tenant demands. existing or new regulatory policies, regulations or laws may materially and adversely affect the timing, cost or completion of our communications sites or result in changes in the competitive landscape that may negatively affect our business. noncompliance could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to litigants or result in decreased revenue. in addition, in certain jurisdictions, we and certain of our tenants are required to pay annual license fees, which may be subject to substantial increases by the government, or new fees may be enacted and applied retroactively. governmental licenses may also be subject to periodic renewal and additional conditions to receive or maintain such license.
furthermore, the tax laws, regulations, applicable license terms and conditions, and interpretations governing our business, and that of our tenants, in jurisdictions where we operate may change at any time, potentially with retroactive effect. this includes changes in tax laws, spectrum use terms, administrative compliance guidance or judicial interpretations thereof. for example, the october 2019 indian supreme court ruling regarding the definition of agr and associated fees and charges may have a material financial impact on certain of our tenants which could affect their ability to perform their obligations under agreements with us. changes in laws, regulations and judicial decisions could have a more significant impact on us as a reit relative to other reits due to the nature of our business and our use of trss. these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
increasing competition within our industry may materially and adversely affect our revenue.
our industry is highly competitive and our tenants have numerous alternatives in leasing antenna space. competition due to pricing or alternative contractual arrangements from peers could materially and adversely affect our lease rates. we may not be able to renew existing tenant leases or enter into new tenant leases, or if we are able to renew or enter into new leases, they may be at rates lower than our current rates or on less favorable terms than our current terms, resulting in an adverse impact on our results of operations and growth rate. in addition, should inflation rates exceed our fixed escalator percentages in markets where our leases include fixed escalators, our returns could be adversely affected.
our foreign operations are subject to economic, political and other risks that could materially and adversely affect our revenues or financial position, including risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
our international business operations and our potential expansion into additional new markets in the future expose us to potential adverse financial and operational problems not typically experienced in the united states. we anticipate that revenues from our international operations will continue to grow. accordingly, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including:
•   uncertain, inconsistent or changing laws, regulations, rulings or methodologies impacting our existing and anticipated international operations, fees or other requirements directed specifically at the ownership and operation of communications sites or our international acquisitions, any of which laws, fees or requirements may be applied retroactively or with significant delay;
•   failure to retain our tax status or to obtain an expected tax status for which we have applied;
•   expropriation or governmental regulation restricting foreign ownership or requiring reversion or divestiture;
•   laws or regulations that tax or otherwise restrict repatriation of earnings or other funds or otherwise limit distributions of capital;
•   changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions, including inflation or currency devaluation;
•   changes to zoning regulations or construction laws, which could be applied retroactively to our existing communications sites;
•   actions restricting or revoking our tenants' spectrum licenses, or alterations or interpretations thereof, or suspending or terminating business under prior licenses;
•   failure to comply with anti-bribery laws such as the foreign corrupt practices act or similar local anti-bribery laws, or the office of foreign assets control requirements;
•   failure to comply with data privacy laws or other protections of employee health and personal information;
•   material site issues related to security, fuel availability and reliability of electrical grids;
•   loss of key personnel, including expatriates, in markets where talent is difficult or expensive to acquire; and
•   price-setting or other similar laws or regulations for the sharing of passive infrastructure.
we also face risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, including those arising from our operations, investments and financing transactions related to our international business. volatility in foreign currency exchange rates can also affect our ability to plan, forecast and budget for our international operations and expansion efforts. our revenues earned from our international operations are primarily denominated in their respective local currencies. we have not historically engaged in significant currency hedging activities relating to our non-u.s. dollar operations, and a weakening of these foreign currencies against the u.s. dollar would negatively impact our reported revenues, operating profits and income.
in addition, as we continue to invest in joint venture opportunities internationally, our partners may have business or economic goals that are inconsistent or conflict with ours, be in positions to take action contrary to our interests, policies or objectives, have competing interests in our, or other, markets that could create conflict of interest issues, withhold consents contrary to our requests or become unable or unwilling to fulfill their commitments, any of which could expose us to additional liabilities or costs, including requiring us to assume and fulfill the obligations of that joint venture or to execute buyouts of their interests.
our expansion and innovation initiatives involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those related to integrating acquired or leased assets, that could adversely affect our operating results, disrupt our operations or expose us to additional risk.
as we continue to acquire and build communications sites and other communications infrastructure assets in our existing markets and expand into new markets, we are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including not meeting our return on investment criteria and financial objectives, increased costs, assumed liabilities and the diversion of managerial attention. achieving the benefits of acquisition and innovation activities depends in part on timely and efficient integration of operations, telecommunications infrastructure assets and personnel. integration may be difficult and unpredictable for many reasons, including, among other things, portfolios without requisite permits, differing systems, cultural differences, conflicting policies, procedures and operations. significant acquisition-related integration costs, including certain nonrecurring charges such as costs associated with onboarding employees, integrating information technology systems, acquiring permits and visiting, inspecting, engineering and upgrading tower sites or related communications infrastructure assets, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations in the period in which such charges are recorded or our cash flow in the period in which any related costs are actually paid. some of our acquired tower portfolios have included sites that do not meet our structural specifications, including sites that may be overburdened. in these cases, in addition to additional capital expenditures, general liability risks associated with such towers will exist until such time as those towers are upgraded or otherwise remedied. in addition, integration may significantly burden management and internal resources, including through the potential loss or unavailability of key personnel. if we fail to successfully integrate the assets we acquire or fail to utilize such assets to their full capacity, we may not realize the benefits we expect from our acquired portfolios, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. our international expansion initiatives are subject to additional risks such as those described above.
as a result of acquisitions, we have a substantial amount of intangible assets and goodwill. in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"), we are required to assess our goodwill and other intangible assets annually or more frequently in the event of circumstances indicating potential impairment to determine if they are impaired. if, as a result of the factors noted above, the testing performed indicates that an asset may not be recoverable, we are required to record a non-cash impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill or other intangible assets and the implied fair value of the goodwill or the estimated fair value of other intangible assets in the period the determination is made.
our expansion and innovation initiatives may not be successful, or we may be required to record impairment charges for our goodwill or for other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
new technologies or changes in our or a tenant's business model could make our tower leasing business less desirable and result in decreasing revenues and operating results.
the development and implementation of new technologies designed to enhance the efficiency of wireless networks or changes in a tenant's business model could reduce the need for tower-based wireless services, decrease demand for tower space or reduce previously obtainable lease rates. in addition, if the industry trends toward deploying increased capital to the development and implementation of new technologies, then tenants may allocate less of their budgets to leasing space on our towers. examples of these technologies include more spectrally efficient technologies, which could relieve a portion of our tenants' network capacity needs and, as a result, could reduce the demand for tower-based antenna space. additionally, certain small cell complementary network technologies or satellite services could shift a portion of our tenants' network investments away from traditional tower-based networks, which may reduce the need for carriers to add more equipment at certain communications sites. moreover, the emergence of alternative technologies could reduce the need for tower-based broadcast services transmission and reception. further, a tenant may decide to cease outsourcing tower infrastructure or otherwise change its business model, which would result in a decrease in our revenue and operating results. our failure to innovate in response to the development and implementation of these or other new technologies or changes in a tenant's business model could have a material adverse effect on the growth of our business, results of operations or financial condition. conversely, we may invest significant capital in technologies, innovation projects or new additions to our core business that may not provide expected returns or profitability, which could divert management attention and have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
competition for assets could adversely affect our ability to achieve our return on investment criteria.
we may experience increased competition for the acquisition of assets or contracts to build new communications sites for tenants, which could make the acquisition of high-quality assets significantly more costly or prohibitive or cause us to lose contracts to build new sites. some of our competitors are larger and may have greater financial resources than we do, while other competitors may apply less stringent investment criteria than we do. in addition, we may not anticipate increased competition entering a particular market or competing for the same assets. higher prices for assets or the failure to add new assets to our portfolio could make it more difficult to achieve our anticipated returns on investment or future growth, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
our leverage and debt service obligations may materially and adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives and to satisfy our distribution requirements.
our leverage and debt service obligations could have significant negative consequences to our business, results of operations or financial condition, including:
•   requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our debt, thereby reducing the amount of our cash flow available for other purposes, including capital expenditures and reit distributions;
•   impairing our ability to meet one or more of the financial ratio covenants contained in our debt agreements or to generate cash sufficient to pay interest or principal due under those agreements, which could result in an acceleration of some or all of our outstanding debt and the loss of the towers securing such debt if a default remains uncured;
•   limiting our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing, thereby placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage to less leveraged competitors and competitors that may have better access to capital resources, including with respect to acquiring assets; and
•   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the markets in which we compete.
we may need to raise additional capital through debt financing activities, asset sales or equity issuances, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable, to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives, required purchases of our joint venture partners' interests and to satisfy our distribution requirements and debt service obligations. an increase in our total leverage could lead to a downgrade of our credit rating below investment grade, which could negatively impact our ability to access credit markets or preclude us from obtaining funds on investment grade terms, rates and conditions or subject us to additional loan covenants, which could accelerate our debt repayment obligations. further, certain of our current debt instruments limit the amount of indebtedness we and our subsidiaries may incur. additional financing, therefore, may be unavailable, more expensive or restricted by the terms of our outstanding indebtedness.
we may be adversely affected by changes in libor reporting practices, the method in which libor is determined or the use of alternative reference rates.
in july 2017, the united kingdom's financial conduct authority (the "fca"), which regulates the london interbank offered rate ("libor"), announced plans to phase out libor rates by the end of 2021. as contemplated, the continuation of libor on the current basis cannot be assured after 2021, and libor may cease to exist or otherwise be unsuitable for benchmarking. while our bank facilities contain fallback provisions to establish an alternative rate in the event libor is unavailable, the elimination of libor could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. financial institutions may replace libor with a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, the secured overnight financing rate; however, no consensus exists as to what may become accepted alternatives to libor, whether libor rates will cease to be published or supported before or after 2021 or whether any additional reforms to libor may be enacted in the united kingdom or elsewhere. furthermore, the use of an alternative rate could result in increased costs, including increased interest expense, and increased borrowing and hedging costs in the future. we cannot predict the effect of the fca's decision not to sustain libor or, if changes ultimately are made to libor, the effect those changes may have on our interest expense related to borrowings under our bank facilities, certain other debt service obligations and interest swap agreements, which could potentially negatively impact our financial condition.
if we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we will be subject to tax at corporate income tax rates, which may substantially reduce funds otherwise available, and even if we qualify for taxation as a reit, we may face tax liabilities that impact earnings and available cash flow.
commencing with the taxable year beginning january 1, 2012, we have operated as a reit for federal income tax purposes. qualification for taxation as a reit requires the application of certain highly technical and complex provisions of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"), which provisions may change from time to time, to our operations as well as various factual determinations concerning matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. further, tax legislation may adversely affect our ability to remain qualified for taxation as a reit or the benefits or desirability of remaining so qualified. there are few judicial or administrative interpretations of the relevant provisions of the code.
if, in any taxable year, we fail to qualify for taxation as a reit and are not entitled to relief under the code:
•   we will not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders and would be subject to federal and state income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate income tax rates, which could be substantial in amount, and may require us to borrow additional funds or liquidate some investments to pay any additional tax liability and, accordingly, may reduce funds available for other purposes; and
•   we will be disqualified from reit tax treatment for the four taxable years immediately following the year during which we were so disqualified.
we are subject to certain federal, state, local and foreign taxes on our income and assets, including taxes on any undistributed income and state, local or foreign income, franchise, property and transfer taxes. while state and local income tax regimes often parallel the u.s. federal income tax regime for reits, many of these jurisdictions differ in their treatment of reits. for example, some state and local jurisdictions currently or in the future may limit or eliminate a reit's deduction for dividends paid, which could increase our income tax expense. we are also subject to the continual examination of our income tax returns by the u.s. internal revenue service and state, local and foreign tax authorities. the results of an audit and examination of previously filed tax returns and continuing assessments of our tax exposures may have an adverse effect on our provision for income taxes and cash tax liability.
furthermore, we have owned and may from time to time own direct and indirect ownership interests in subsidiary reits, which must also comply with the same reit requirements that we must satisfy, together with all other rules applicable to reits. if the subsidiary reit is determined to have failed to qualify for taxation as a reit and certain relief provisions do not apply, then the subsidiary reit would be subject to federal income tax, which tax we would economically bear along with applicable penalties and interest. in addition, our ownership of shares in such subsidiary reit would fail to be a qualifying asset for purposes of the asset tests applicable to reits and any dividend income or gains derived by us from such subsidiary reit may cease to be treated as income that qualifies for purposes of the 75% gross income test. these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our ability to comply with the reit income and asset tests, and thus our ability to qualify for taxation as a reit.
complying with reit requirements may limit our flexibility or cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities.
our use of trss enables us to engage in non-reit qualifying business activities. under the code, no more than 20% of the value of the assets of a reit may be represented by securities of one or more trss and no more than 25% of the value of the assets of the reit may be represented by non-qualifying assets (including securities of one or more trss). this limitation may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments or take advantage of acquisition opportunities, including the purchase of non-qualifying assets, the expansion of non-real estate activities and investments in the businesses to be conducted by our trss, and to that extent limit our opportunities and our flexibility to change our business strategy.
further, as a reit, we must distribute to our stockholders an amount equal to at least 90% of our reit taxable income (determined before the deduction for distributed earnings and excluding any net capital gain). to meet our annual distribution requirements, we may be required to distribute amounts that may otherwise be used for our operations, including amounts that may otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt. as no more than 25% of our gross income may consist of dividend income from our trss and other non-qualifying types of income, our ability to receive distributions from our trss may be limited, which may impact our ability to fund distributions to our stockholders or to use income of our trss to fund other investments.
in addition, the majority of our income and cash flows from our trss are generated from our international operations. in many cases, there are local withholding taxes and currency controls that may impact our ability or willingness to repatriate funds to the united states to help satisfy reit distribution requirements.
our towers, fiber networks, data centers or computer systems may be affected by natural disasters, security breaches and other unforeseen events for which our insurance may not provide adequate coverage.
our towers, fiber networks, data centers and computer systems are subject to risks associated with natural disasters, such as hurricanes, ice and wind storms, tornadoes, floods, earthquakes and wildfires, as well as other unforeseen events, such as acts of terrorism. during the past several years, we have seen an increase in severe weather events and expect this trend to continue due to climate change. climate change or efforts to regulate emissions may also have direct or indirect effects on our business by increasing the cost of emission compliance or fuel we need to deliver primary power to our tenants under our contractual obligations, typically through diesel-powered generators, in emerging markets. further, any damage or destruction to, or inability to access, our towers, fiber networks, data centers or computer systems may impact our ability to provide services to our tenants and lead to tenant loss, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
as part of our normal business activities and in our innovation or managed networks businesses, we rely on information technology and other computing resources. our computer systems, network operation centers or power systems, or those of our cloud or internet-based providers, could fail on their own accord and are subject to interruption or damage from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches (including through cyber-attack and data theft), usage errors, catastrophic events such as natural disasters and other events beyond our control. although we and our vendors have disaster recovery programs and security measures in place, if our computer systems and our backup systems are compromised, degraded, damaged, breached or otherwise cease to function properly, we could suffer interruptions in our operations, including our ability to correctly record, process and report financial information, our tenants' network availability may be impacted or we could unintentionally allow misappropriation of proprietary or confidential information (including information about our tenants or landlords, or tenant information on our innovation or managed networks businesses), which could result in a loss of revenue, damage our reputation, litigation, penalties under existing or future data privacy laws and require us to incur significant costs to remediate or otherwise resolve these issues. in addition, our recent acquisitions, including acquisitions of fiber businesses, may increase our exposure to the risks described above and have material and adverse effects on our business.
while we maintain insurance coverage for natural disasters, business interruption and cybersecurity, we may not have adequate insurance to cover the associated costs of repair or reconstruction of sites or fiber for a major future event, lost revenue, including from new tenants that could have been added to our towers, fiber networks or data centers but for the event, or other costs to remediate the impact of a significant event. further, we may be liable for damage caused by towers that collapse for any number of reasons including structural deficiencies, which could harm our reputation and require us to incur costs for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage.
restrictive covenants in the agreements related to our securitization transactions, our credit facilities and our debt securities could materially and adversely affect our business by limiting flexibility, and we may be prohibited from paying dividends on our common stock, which may jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a reit.
the agreements related to our securitization transactions include operating covenants and other restrictions customary for loans subject to rated securitizations. among other things, the borrowers under the agreements are prohibited from incurring other indebtedness for borrowed money or further encumbering their assets. a failure to comply with the covenants in the agreements could prevent the borrowers from taking certain actions with respect to the secured assets and could prevent the borrowers from distributing any excess cash from the operation of such assets to us. if the borrowers were to default on any of the loans, the servicer on such loan could seek to foreclose upon or otherwise convert the ownership of the secured assets, in which case we could lose such assets and the cash flow associated with such assets.
the agreements for our credit facilities also contain restrictive covenants and leverage and other financial maintenance tests that could limit our ability to take various actions, including incurring additional debt, guaranteeing indebtedness or making distributions to stockholders, including our required reit distributions, and engaging in various types of transactions, including mergers, acquisitions and sales of assets. additionally, our debt agreements restrict our and our subsidiaries' ability to incur liens securing our or their indebtedness. these covenants could have an adverse effect on our business by limiting our ability to take advantage of financing, new tower development, mergers and acquisitions or other opportunities. further, reporting and information covenants in our credit agreements and indentures require that we provide financial and operating information within certain time periods. if we are unable to provide the required information on a timely basis, we would be in breach of these covenants. for more information regarding the covenants and requirements discussed above, please see item 7 of this annual report under the caption "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-liquidity and capital resources-factors affecting sources of liquidity" and note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
we also enter into hedges for certain debt instruments, which may have an adverse impact on our results to the extent that the counterparties do not perform as expected at the inception of each hedge.
our costs could increase and our revenues could decrease due to perceived health risks from radio emissions, especially if these perceived risks are substantiated.
public perception of possible health risks associated with cellular and other wireless communications technology could slow the growth of wireless companies, which could in turn slow our growth. in particular, negative public perception of, and regulations regarding, these perceived health risks could undermine the market acceptance of wireless communications services and increase opposition to the development and expansion of tower sites. if a scientific study, court decision or government agency ruling resulted in a finding that radio frequency emissions pose health risks to consumers, it could negatively impact our tenants and the market for wireless services, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. we do not maintain any significant insurance with respect to these matters.
we could have liability under environmental and occupational safety and health laws.
our operations are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations, including those relating to the management, use, storage, disposal, emission and remediation of, and exposure to, hazardous and non-hazardous substances, materials and wastes. as the owner, lessee or operator of real property and facilities, including generators, we may be liable for substantial costs of investigation, removal or remediation of soil and groundwater contaminated by hazardous materials, and for damages and costs relating to off-site migration of hazardous materials, without regard to whether we, as the owner, lessee or operator, knew of, or were responsible for, the contamination.
we may also be liable for certain costs of remediating contamination at third-party sites to which we sent waste for disposal, even if the original disposal may have complied with all legal requirements at the time. many of these laws and regulations contain information reporting and record keeping requirements. we may not be at all times in compliance with all environmental requirements. we may be subject to potentially significant fines or penalties if we fail to comply with any of these requirements.
the requirements of the environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and could become more stringent in the future. in certain jurisdictions these laws and regulations could be applied retroactively or be broadened to cover situations or persons not currently considered. it is possible that these requirements will change or that liabilities will arise in the future in a manner that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. while we maintain environmental and workers' compensation insurance, we may not have adequate insurance to cover all costs, fines or penalties.
if we are unable to protect our rights to the land under our towers, it could adversely affect our business and operating results.
our real property interests relating to our towers consist primarily of leasehold and sub-leasehold interests, fee interests, easements, licenses and rights-of-way. a loss of these interests at a particular tower site may interfere with our ability to operate that tower site and generate revenues. for various reasons, we may not always have the ability to access, analyze and verify all information regarding titles and other issues prior to completing an acquisition of communications sites, which can affect our rights to access and operate a site. from time to time, we also experience disputes with landowners regarding the terms of easements or ground agreements for land under towers, which can affect our ability to access and operate tower sites. further, for various reasons, landowners may not want to renew their ground agreements with us, they may lose their rights to the land, or they may transfer their land interests to third parties, including ground lease aggregators, which could affect our ability to renew ground agreements on commercially viable terms. a significant number of the communications sites in our portfolio are located on land we lease pursuant to long-term operating leases. further, for various reasons, title to property interests in some of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate may not be as certain as title to our property interests in the united states. our inability to protect our rights to the land under our towers may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
our communications real estate portfolio includes towers that we operate pursuant to lease and sublease agreements that include a purchase option at the end of the lease period. we may not have the required available capital to exercise our right to purchase the towers at the end of the applicable period, or we may choose, for business or other reasons, not to do so. if we do not exercise these purchase rights, and are unable to extend the lease or sublease or otherwise acquire an interest that would allow us to continue to operate these towers after the applicable period, we will lose the cash flows derived from the towers. if we decide to exercise these purchase rights, the benefits of acquiring a significant number of towers may not exceed the associated acquisition, compliance and integration costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations that follow are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements. actual results may differ from these estimates and such differences could be material to the financial statements. this discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report and the accompanying notes, and the information set forth under the caption "critical accounting policies and estimates" below.
during the fourth quarter of 2019, as a result of recent acquisitions, including the eaton towers acquisition, and changes to our organizational structure, we reviewed and changed our reportable segments to divide our emea segment into two separate segments, africa property and europe property. we now report our results in six segments - u.s. property, asia property, africa property, europe property, latin america property and services. we believe this change provides more visibility into these operating segments and better aligns our reporting with management's current approach of allocating costs and resources, managing growth and profitability and assessing the operating performance of our business segments. in evaluating financial performance in each business segment, management uses, among other factors, segment gross margin and segment operating profit (see note 21 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report). the change in reportable segments has no impact on our consolidated financial statements for any periods. historical financial information included in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations has been adjusted to reflect the change in reportable segments.
executive overview we are one of the largest global reits and a leading independent owner, operator and developer of multitenant communications real estate. our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to wireless service providers, radio and television broadcast companies, wireless data providers, government agencies and municipalities and tenants in a number of other industries. in addition to the communications sites in our portfolio, we manage rooftop and tower sites for property owners under various contractual arrangements. we also hold other telecommunications infrastructure, fiber and property interests that we lease primarily to communications service providers and third-party tower operators. we refer to this business as our property operations, which accounted for 98% of our total revenues for the year ended december 31, 2019 and includes our u.s. property, asia property, africa property, europe property and latin america property segments.
we also offer tower-related services in the united states, including site acquisition, zoning and permitting and structural analysis, which primarily support our site leasing business, including the addition of new tenants and equipment on our sites.
the following table details the number of communications sites, excluding managed sites, that we owned or operated as of december 31, 2019:
number ofowned towers       number ofoperated towers (1)                  number of owned das sites domestic:
united states                 25,003                    15,564                                    407
(1)   approximately 95% of the operated towers are held pursuant to long-term finance leases, including those subject to purchase options.
(3)   in argentina and brazil, we also own or operate urban telecommunications assets, including fiber, and the rights to utilize certain existing utility infrastructure for future telecommunications equipment installation.
(4)   in mexico, we also own or operate urban telecommunications assets, including fiber, concrete poles and other infrastructure.
in most of our markets, our tenant leases with wireless carriers generally have initial non-cancellable terms of five to ten years with multiple renewal terms. accordingly, the vast majority of the revenue generated by our property operations during the year ended december 31, 2019 was recurring revenue that we should continue to receive in future periods. based upon foreign currency exchange rates and the tenant leases in place as of december 31, 2019, we expect to generate nearly $46.9 billion of non-cancellable tenant lease revenue over future periods, before the impact of straight-line lease accounting. most of our tenant leases have provisions that periodically increase the rent due under the lease, typically based on an annual fixed escalation (averaging approximately 3% in the united states) or an inflationary index in our international markets, or a combination of both. in addition, certain of our tenant leases provide for additional revenue primarily to cover costs, such as ground rent or power and fuel costs.
the revenues generated by our property operations may be affected by cancellations of existing tenant leases. as discussed above, most of our tenant leases with wireless carriers and broadcasters are multiyear contracts, which typically are non-cancellable; however, in some instances, a lease may be cancelled upon the payment of a termination fee.
revenue lost from either tenant lease cancellations or the non-renewal of leases or rent renegotiations, which we refer to as churn, has historically not had a material adverse effect on the revenues generated by our consolidated property operations.
beginning in late 2017, we experienced an increase in revenue lost from cancellations or non-renewals primarily due to carrier consolidation-driven churn in india, which compressed our gross margin and operating profit, particularly in our asia property segment, although this impact was partially offset by lower expenses due to reduced tenancy on existing sites and the decommissioning of certain sites.
we anticipate that our churn rate in india will move closer to historical levels over time and result in reduced impacts on our property revenue, gross margin and operating profit. in the immediate term, we expect that our churn rate will remain elevated, primarily due the uncertainty created by the recent court ruling by the indian supreme court, as set forth in item 1a of this annual report under under the captions "risk factors-a substantial portion of our revenue is derived from a small number of tenants, and we are sensitive to adverse changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our tenants" and "risk factors-our business, and that of our tenants, is subject to laws, regulations and administrative and judicial decisions, and changes thereto, that could restrict our ability to operate our business as we currently do or impact our competitive landscape." we expect to periodically evaluate the carrying value of our indian assets, which may result in the realization of additional impairment expense or other similar charges. for more information, please see the information under the caption "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-critical accounting policies and estimates."
for the year ended december 31, 2019, aggregate carrier consolidation in india negatively impacted our consolidated property revenue by $361.3 million, including approximately $84.2 million in pass-through revenue, and negatively impacted our gross margin and operating profit by $247.7 million.
property operations revenue growth. due to our diversified communications site portfolio, our tenant lease rates vary considerably depending upon numerous factors, including, but not limited to, amount, type and position of tenant equipment on the tower, remaining tower capacity and tower location. we measure the remaining tower capacity by assessing several factors, including tower height, tower type, environmental conditions, existing equipment on the tower and zoning and permitting regulations in effect in the jurisdiction where the tower is located. in many instances, tower capacity can be increased with relatively modest tower augmentation capital expenditures.
the primary factors affecting the revenue growth of our property segments are:
•   new revenue attributable to leases in place on day one on sites acquired or constructed since the beginning of the prior-year period;
•   new revenue attributable to leasing additional space on our sites ("colocations") and lease amendments; and
•   revenue growth from other items, including additional tenant payments primarily to cover costs, such as ground rent or power and fuel costs included in certain tenant leases ("pass-through"), straight-line revenue and decommissioning.
we continue to believe that our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services globally and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our communications real estate. by adding new tenants and new equipment for existing tenants on our sites, we are able to increase these sites' utilization and profitability. we believe the majority of our site leasing activity will continue to come from wireless service providers, with tenants in a number of other industries contributing incremental leasing demand. our site portfolio and our established tenant base provide us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth as wireless carriers seek to increase the coverage and capacity of their existing networks, while also deploying next generation wireless technologies. in addition, we intend to continue to supplement our organic growth by selectively developing or acquiring new sites in our existing and new markets where we can achieve our risk-adjusted return on investment objectives.
property operations organic revenue growth. consistent with our strategy to increase the utilization and return on investment from our sites, our objective is to add new tenants and new equipment for existing tenants through colocation and lease amendments. our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. this rate, in turn, is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, the level of emphasis on network quality and capacity in carrier competition, the financial performance of our tenants and their access to capital and general economic conditions. according to industry data, recent aggregate annual wireless capital spending in the united states has averaged approximately $30.0 billion, resulting in consistent demand for our sites.
based on industry research and projections, we expect that a number of key industry trends will result in incremental revenue opportunities for us:
•   in less advanced wireless markets where initial voice and data networks are still being deployed, we expect these deployments to drive demand for our tower space as carriers seek to expand their footprints and increase the scope and density of their networks. we have established operations in many of these markets at the early stages of wireless development, which we believe will enable us to meaningfully participate in these deployments over the long term.
•   subscribers' use of mobile data continues to grow rapidly given increasing smartphone and other advanced device penetration, the proliferation of bandwidth-intensive applications on these devices and the continuing evolution of the mobile ecosystem. we believe carriers will be compelled to deploy additional equipment on existing networks while also rolling out more advanced wireless networks to address coverage and capacity needs resulting from this increasing mobile data usage.
•   the deployment of advanced mobile technology, such as 4g and 5g, across existing wireless networks will provide higher speed data services and further enable fixed broadband substitution. as a result, we expect that our tenants will continue deploying additional equipment across their existing networks.
•   wireless service providers compete based on the quality of their existing networks, which is driven by capacity and coverage. to maintain or improve their network performance as overall network usage increases, our tenants continue deploying additional equipment across their existing sites while also adding new cell sites. we anticipate increasing network densification over the next several years, as existing network infrastructure is anticipated to be insufficient to account for rapidly increasing levels of wireless data usage.
•   wireless service providers continue to acquire additional spectrum, and as a result are expected to add additional sites and equipment to their networks as they seek to optimize their network configuration and utilize additional spectrum.
•   next generation technologies requiring wireless connectivity have the potential to provide incremental revenue opportunities for us. these technologies may include autonomous vehicle networks and a number of other internet-of-things, or iot, applications, as well as other potential use cases for wireless services. these technologies may create new and complementary use cases for our communications real estate over time, although these use cases are currently in nascent stages.
as part of our international expansion initiatives, we have targeted markets in various stages of network development to diversify our international exposure and position us to benefit from a number of different wireless technology deployments over the long term. in addition, we have focused on building relationships with large multinational carriers to increase the opportunities for growth or mutually beneficial transactional opportunities across common markets. we believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets will, over the long term, position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward.
in emerging markets, such as burkina faso, ghana, india, kenya, niger, nigeria and uganda, wireless networks tend to be significantly less advanced than those in the united states, and initial voice networks continue to be deployed in certain underdeveloped areas. a majority of consumers in these markets still utilize basic wireless services, predominantly on feature phones, while advanced device penetration remains low. in more developed urban locations within these markets, data network deployments are underway. carriers are focused on completing voice network build-outs while also investing in initial data networks as mobile data usage and smartphone penetration within their customer bases begin to accelerate.
in india, the ongoing transition from 2g technology to 4g technology has included a period of carrier consolidation, whereby the number of carriers operating in the marketplace has been reduced through mergers, acquisitions and select carrier exits from the marketplace, which we believe is now substantially complete. we believe that this consolidation process has resulted in an industry structure for both the wireless carriers and communications infrastructure providers that is expected to be more conducive to sustained growth and profitability over time.
in markets with rapidly evolving network technology, such as south africa and most of the countries in latin america where we do business, initial voice networks, for the most part, have already been built out, and carriers are increasingly focused on 4g network build outs, with certain continuing legacy investments in 3g. consumers in these regions are increasingly adopting smartphones and other advanced devices, in particular as lower cost smartphones become increasingly available. as a result, the usage of bandwidth-intensive mobile applications is growing materially. recent spectrum auctions in these rapidly evolving markets have allowed incumbent carriers to accelerate their data network deployments and have also enabled new entrants to begin initial investments in data networks. smartphone penetration and wireless data usage in these markets are advancing rapidly, which typically requires that carriers continue to invest in their networks to maintain and augment their quality of service.
finally, in markets with more mature network technology, such as germany and france, carriers are focused on deploying 4g data networks to account for rapidly increasing wireless data usage among their customer base. with higher smartphone and advanced device penetration and significantly higher per capita data usage, carrier investment in networks is focused on 4g coverage and capacity.
we believe that the network technology migration we have seen in the united states, which has led to significantly denser networks and meaningful new business commencements for us over a number of years, will be replicated in our less advanced international markets over time. as a result, we expect to be able to leverage our extensive international portfolio of approximately 138,545 communications sites and the relationships we have built with our carrier tenants to drive sustainable, long-term growth.
we have master lease agreements with certain of our tenants that provide for consistent, long-term revenue and reduce the likelihood of churn. certain of those master lease agreements are holistic in nature and further build and augment strong strategic partnerships with our tenants and have significantly reduced colocation cycle times, thereby providing our tenants with the ability to rapidly and efficiently deploy equipment on our sites.
demand for our communications sites could be negatively impacted by a number of factors, including an increase in network sharing or consolidation among our tenants, as set forth in item 1a of this annual report under the captions "risk factors-if our tenants consolidate their operations, exit the telecommunications business or share site infrastructure to a significant degree, our growth, revenue and ability to generate positive cash flows could be materially and adversely affected" and "risk factors-a substantial portion of our revenue is derived from a small number of tenants, and we are sensitive to adverse changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our tenants." in addition, the emergence and growth of new technologies could reduce demand for our sites, as set forth under the caption "risk factors-new technologies or changes in our or a tenant's business model could make our tower leasing business less desirable and result in decreasing revenues and operating results." further, our tenants may be subject to new regulatory policies from time to time that materially and adversely affect the demand for our communications sites.
property operations new site revenue growth. during the year ended december 31, 2019, we grew our portfolio of communications real estate through the acquisition and construction of approximately 13,705 sites globally. in a majority of our asia, africa, europe and latin america markets, the revenue generated from newly acquired or constructed sites resulted in increases in both tenant and pass-through revenues (such as ground rent or power and fuel costs) and expenses. we continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios, both domestically and internationally, to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio.
new sites (acquired or constructed)         2019             2018            2017
property operations expenses. direct operating expenses incurred by our property segments include direct site level expenses and consist primarily of ground rent and power and fuel costs, some or all of which may be passed through to our tenants, as well as property taxes, repairs and maintenance. these segment direct operating expenses exclude all segment and corporate selling, general, administrative and development expenses, which are aggregated into one line item entitled selling, general, administrative and development expense in our consolidated statements of operations. in general, our property segments' selling, general, administrative and development expenses do not significantly increase as a result of adding incremental tenants to our sites and typically increase only modestly year-over-year. as a result, leasing additional space to new tenants on our sites provides significant incremental cash flow. we may, however, incur additional segment selling, general, administrative and development expenses as we increase our presence in our existing markets or expand into new markets. our profit margin growth is therefore positively impacted by the addition of new tenants to our sites but can be temporarily diluted by our development activities.
services segment revenue growth. as we continue to focus on growing our property operations, we anticipate that our services revenue will continue to represent a small percentage of our total revenues.
non-gaap financial measures included in our analysis of our results of operations are discussions regarding earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and accretion, as adjusted ("adjusted ebitda"), funds from operations, as defined by the national association of real estate investment trusts ("nareit ffo") attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders, consolidated adjusted funds from operations ("consolidated affo") and affo attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders.
we define adjusted ebitda as net income before income (loss) from equity method investments; income tax benefit (provision); other income (expense); gain (loss) on retirement of long-term obligations; interest expense; interest income; other operating income (expense); depreciation, amortization and accretion; and stock-based compensation expense.
nareit ffo attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders is defined as net income before gains or losses from the sale or disposal of real estate, real estate related impairment charges, real estate related depreciation, amortization and accretion and dividends on preferred stock, and including adjustments for (i) unconsolidated affiliates and (ii) noncontrolling interests. in this section, we refer to nareit ffo attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders as "nareit ffo (common stockholders)."
we define consolidated affo as nareit ffo (common stockholders) before (i) straight-line revenue and expense; (ii) stock-based compensation expense; (iii) the deferred portion of income tax; (iv) non-real estate related depreciation, amortization and accretion; (v) amortization of deferred financing costs, capitalized interest, debt discounts and premiums and long-term deferred interest charges; (vi) other income (expense); (vii) gain (loss) on retirement of long-term obligations; (viii) other operating income (expense); and adjustments for (ix) unconsolidated affiliates and (x) noncontrolling interests, less cash payments related to capital improvements and cash payments related to corporate capital expenditures.
we define affo attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders as consolidated affo, excluding the impact of noncontrolling interests on both nareit ffo (common stockholders) and the other adjustments included in the calculation of consolidated affo. in this section, we refer to affo attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders as "affo (common stockholders)."
adjusted ebitda, nareit ffo (common stockholders), consolidated affo and affo (common stockholders) are not intended to replace net income or any other performance measures determined in accordance with gaap. none of adjusted ebitda, nareit ffo (common stockholders), consolidated affo or affo (common stockholders) represents cash flows from operating activities in accordance with gaap and, therefore, these measures should not be considered indicative of cash flows from operating activities, as a measure of liquidity or a measure of funds available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make cash distributions. rather, adjusted ebitda, nareit ffo (common stockholders), consolidated affo and affo (common stockholders) are presented as we believe each is a useful indicator of our current operating performance. we believe that these metrics are useful to an investor in evaluating our operating performance because (1) each is a key measure used by our management team for decision making purposes and for evaluating our operating segments' performance; (2) adjusted ebitda is a component underlying our credit ratings; (3) adjusted ebitda is widely used in the telecommunications real estate sector to measure operating performance as depreciation, amortization and accretion may vary significantly among companies depending upon accounting methods and useful lives, particularly where acquisitions and non-operating factors are involved; (4) consolidated affo is widely used in the telecommunications real estate sector to adjust nareit ffo (common stockholders) for items that may otherwise cause material fluctuations in nareit ffo (common stockholders) growth from period to period that would not be representative of the underlying performance of property assets in those periods; (5) each provides investors with a meaningful measure for evaluating our period-to-period operating performance by eliminating items that are not operational in nature; and (6) each provides investors with a measure for comparing our results of operations to those of other companies, particularly those in our industry.
our measurement of adjusted ebitda, nareit ffo (common stockholders), consolidated affo and affo (common stockholders) may not, however, be fully comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. reconciliations of adjusted ebitda, nareit ffo (common stockholders), consolidated affo and affo (common stockholders) to net income, the most directly comparable gaap measure, have been included below.
revenue year ended december 31,         percent change 2019 vs 2018         percent change 2018 vs 2017
•   $14.2 million generated from newly acquired or constructed sites;
•   an increase of $90.1 million in other revenue, which includes an $82.4 million increase due to straight-line accounting primarily due to entry into a new master lease agreement with one of our tenants, at&amp;t.
•   a decrease of $266.8 million in other revenue, primarily due to the net impact of $333.7 million related to the october 2018 settlement with tata teleservices limited ("tata teleservices") and related entities (collectively, "tata");
▪   $75.6 million generated from newly acquired or constructed sites, including $59.5 million from the transactions with vodafone india limited and vodafone mobile services limited (together, "vodafone" and the transaction, the "vodafone acquisition") and idea cellular limited ("idea" and the transaction, the "idea acquisition");
segment revenue decline includes a decrease of $40.5 million attributable to the negative impact of foreign currency translation related to fluctuations in indian rupee ("inr").
•   $21.7 million generated from newly acquired or constructed sites, primarily due to the acquisition of communications sites in kenya in the fourth quarter of 2018 (the "kenya acquisition");
segment revenue growth was partially offset by a decrease of $31.4 million attributable to the negative impact of foreign currency translation, which included, among others, $19.0 million related to fluctuations in ghanaian cedi ("ghs"), and $12.7 million related to fluctuations in south african rand ("zar").
•   $0.3 million generated from newly acquired or constructed sites; and
segment revenue decline includes a decrease of $7.3 million attributable to the negative impact of foreign currency translation related to fluctuations in the euro ("eur").
•   $14.7 million generated from newly acquired or constructed sites; and
•   an increase of $44.6 million in other revenue, primarily due to $26.8 million from our fiber business in brazil acquired in the fourth quarter of 2018 and an $11.6 million tenant settlement payment in mexico, as well as an increase due to straight-line accounting, partially offset by revenue reserves; and
segment revenue growth was partially offset by a decrease of $70.3 million attributable to the negative impact of foreign currency translation, which included, among others, $53.0 million related to fluctuations in brazilian real ("brl"), $11.3 million related to fluctuations in colombian peso ("cop"), and $4.2 million related to fluctuations in chilean peso ("clp").
the decrease in services segment revenue of $10.0 million was primarily attributable to a decrease in site acquisition, zoning and permitting services.
•   $21.0 million generated from newly acquired or constructed sites;
•   $123.7 million generated from newly acquired or constructed sites, including $117.7 million from the vodafone acquisition and the idea acquisition;
•   an increase of $349.3 million in other revenue, primarily due to the net impact of our settlement with tata and a decrease in revenue reserves. the settlement with tata contributed $333.7 million to other revenue, as a result of the approximately $345.5 million cash settlement payment, partially offset by the net impacts of straight-line accounting and other amounts directly related to the settlement.
segment revenue growth was partially offset by a decrease of $63.9 million attributable to the negative impact of foreign currency translation related to fluctuations in inr.
•   $10.6 million generated from newly acquired or constructed sites; and
segment revenue growth was partially offset by a decrease of $15.6 million attributable to the negative impact of foreign currency translation, which included, among others, $8.6 million related to fluctuations in nigerian naira ("ngn") and $7.4 million related to fluctuations in ghs.
•   $4.4 million generated from newly acquired or constructed sites, primarily due to the full-year impact of the 2017 acquisition of fps towers in france through our european joint venture (the "fps acquisition");
segment revenue growth was benefited by an increase of $6.0 million attributable to the positive impact of foreign currency translation in eur.
•   $26.1 million generated from newly acquired or constructed sites; and
•   an increase of $49.8 million in other revenue, due in part to $62.6 million from our fiber businesses in mexico and brazil and a $6.0 million reduction in revenue reserves from a settlement related to the judicial reorganization of a tenant in brazil, partially offset by the impact of straight-line accounting.
segment revenue growth was partially offset by a decrease of $98.4 million attributable to the negative impact of foreign currency translation, which included, among others, $81.1 million related to fluctuations in brl, $10.2 million related to fluctuations in argentinean peso and $7.1 million related to fluctuations in mexican peso.
the increase in services segment revenue of $27.4 million was primarily attributable to an increase in site acquisition projects.
gross margin year ended december 31,         percent change 2019 vs 2018         percent change 2018 vs 2017
•   the decrease in asia property segment gross margin was primarily attributable to the decrease in revenue described above and an increase in direct expenses of $29.5 million, primarily due to the vodafone acquisition and the idea acquisition, partially offset by a benefit of $24.5 million attributable to the impact of foreign currency translation on direct expenses.
•   the increase in africa property segment gross margin was primarily attributable to the increase in revenue described above and a benefit of $10.7 million attributable to the impact of foreign currency translation on direct expenses, partially offset by an increase in direct expenses of $11.7 million, primarily due to the kenya acquisition.
•   the decrease in europe property segment gross margin was primarily attributable to the decrease in revenue described above, partially offset by a decrease in direct expenses of $0.8 million and a benefit of $1.5 million attributable to the impact of foreign currency translation on direct expenses.
•   the increase in latin america property segment gross margin was primarily attributable to the increase in revenue described above, a benefit of $25.1 million attributable to the impact of foreign currency translation on direct expenses, and a reduction of $0.1 million of interest expense related to tv azteca, s.a. de c.v. ("tv azteca"), partially offset by an increase in direct expenses of $30.1 million, including those costs related to our fiber business in brazil.
•   the increase in asia property segment gross margin was primarily attributable to the increase in revenue described above and a benefit of $36.5 million attributable to the impact of foreign currency translation on direct expenses, partially offset by an increase in direct expenses of $98.4 million, primarily due to the vodafone acquisition and the idea acquisition.
•   the increase in africa property segment gross margin was primarily attributable to the increase in revenue described above and a benefit of $10.6 million attributable to the impact of foreign currency translation on direct expenses, partially offset by an increase in direct expenses of $5.7 million, primarily due to the kenya acquisition.
•   the increase in europe property segment gross margin was primarily attributable to the increase in revenue described above, partially offset by an increase in direct expenses of $3.5 million, primarily due to the fps acquisition and a negative impact of $1.2 million attributable to foreign currency translation on direct expenses.
•   the increase in latin america property segment gross margin was primarily attributable to the increase in revenue described above and a benefit of $33.3 million attributable to the impact of foreign currency translation on direct expenses, partially offset by an increase in direct expenses of $53.5 million, primarily due to our fiber businesses in mexico and brazil, and a reduction of $10.9 million in interest income related to tv azteca.
selling, general, administrative and development expense ("sg&a")
year ended december 31,         percent change 2019 vs 2018         percent change 2018 vs 2017
total selling, general, administrative and development expense      $730.4                $733.2                $637.0                       (0   )%                             15               %
•   the increases in each of our u.s., africa, europe and latin america property segment sg&amp;a were primarily driven by increased personnel costs to support our business, including our acquisitions of urban telecommunications assets in our latin america property segment and the kenya acquisition.
•   the decrease in our services segment sg&amp;a was primarily attributable to a decrease in the allocation of personnel costs to our tower services group.
•   the decrease in other sg&amp;a was primarily attributable to $19.1 million of incremental stock-based compensation expense due to the acceleration of expense associated with amendments to existing grants during the year ended december 31, 2018.
•   the increases in each of our u.s., africa, europe and latin america property segment sg&amp;a were primarily driven by increased personnel costs to support our business, including our acquisitions of urban telecommunications assets in our latin america property segment.
•   the increase in our asia property segment sg&amp;a was primarily driven by an increase in bad debt expense of $25.1 million as a result of receivable reserves with certain tenants.
•   the increase in our services segment sg&amp;a was primarily attributable to an increase in the allocation of personnel costs to our tower services group.
•   the increase in other sg&amp;a was primarily attributable to an increase in stock-based compensation expense of $28.6 million, principally due to the acceleration of expense associated with amendments to existing grants, and an increase in corporate sg&amp;a.
operating profit year ended december 31,         percent change 2019 vs 2018         percent change 2018 vs 2017
•   the increases in operating profit for each of our u.s., africa and latin america property segments were primarily attributable to increases in our segment gross margin, partially offset by increases in our segment sg&amp;a.
•   the decreases in operating profit for our asia property segment, as well as our services segment, were primarily attributable to decreases in our segment gross margin, partially offset by decreases in our segment sg&amp;a.
•   the decrease in operating profit for our europe property segment was primarily attributable to a decrease in our segment gross margin and an increase in our segment sg&amp;a.
•   the increases in operating profit for each of our property segments, as well as our services segment, were primarily attributable to an increase in our segment gross margin, partially offset by increases in our segment sg&amp;a.
depreciation, amortization and accretion year ended december 31,   percent change 2019 vs 2018         percent change 2018 vs 2017
the decrease in depreciation, amortization and accretion expense for the year ended december 31, 2019 was primarily attributable to the accelerated amortization of a tenant relationship intangible asset as a result of the settlement with tata in 2018. this decrease was partially offset by an increase resulting from the acquisition, lease or construction of new sites since the beginning of the prior-year period, which resulted in an increase in property and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization.
the increase in depreciation, amortization and accretion expense for the year ended december 31, 2018 was primarily attributable to $327.5 million of accelerated amortization of a tenant relationship intangible asset as a result of the settlement with tata. also contributing to the increase was the acquisition, lease or construction of new sites since the beginning of the prior-year period, which resulted in an increase in property and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization.
other operating expenses year ended december 31,   percent change 2019 vs 2018         percent change 2018 vs 2017
the decrease in other operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2019 was primarily attributable to decreases in impairment charges of $299.8 million and losses on sales or disposals of assets of $40.5 million.
the increase in other operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2018 was primarily attributable to an increase in impairment charges of $182.6 million and an increase of $52.8 million in losses on sales or disposals of assets. the impairment charges included $258.3 million related to tower and network intangible assets and $107.3 million related to tenant relationships in our asia property segment due to the settlement with tata, aircel ltd.'s ("aircel") filing for bankruptcy protection and other carrier consolidation-driven churn in india. the increase was also attributable to the nonrecurrence of a $22.2 million refund of acquisition costs recorded in the prior-year period related to an acquisition in brazil, partially offset by $10.0 million to fund our charitable foundation in the 2017.
total other expense year ended december 31,      percent change 2019 vs 2018        percent change 2018 vs 2017
total other expense consists primarily of interest expense and realized and unrealized foreign currency gains and losses. we record unrealized foreign currency gains or losses as a result of foreign currency fluctuations primarily associated with our intercompany notes and similar unaffiliated balances denominated in a currency other than the subsidiaries' functional currencies.
the increase in total other expense during the year ended december 31, 2019 was due to (i) a decrease in other income of $16.8 million, primarily due to the nonrecurrence of a gain of $9.7 million associated with the write-offs of the capital lease liability and economic rights agreement and related amortization in conjunction with the note extinguishment with tv azteca during the year ended december 31, 2018 and (ii) an increase in loss on retirement of long-term obligations of $18.9 million primarily due to a loss of $22.1 million, attributable to the repayment of the 5.050% senior unsecured notes due 2020 (the "5.050% notes"). these items were partially offset by foreign currency gains of $6.1 million in the current period, compared to foreign currency losses of $4.5 million in the prior-year period and a decrease in net interest expense of $3.4 million.
the increase in total other expense during the year ended december 31, 2018 was primarily due to additional interest expense of $75.9 million due to a $2.0 billion increase in our average debt outstanding and foreign currency losses of $4.5 million in the current period, compared to foreign currency gains of $26.4 million in the prior-year period. the increase was partially offset by (i) a decrease in loss on retirement of long-term obligations of $66.9 million due to the nonrecurrence of a loss of $70.2 million recorded in the prior-year period attributable to the redemptions of the 7.25% senior unsecured notes due 2019 and the 4.500% senior unsecured notes due 2018 and the repayment of the secured cellular site revenue notes, series 2012-2 class a, series 2012-2 class b and series 2012-2 class c and secured cellular site revenue notes, series 2010-2, class c and series 2010-2, class f, (ii) an increase in other income of $23.4 million partially due to the write-offs of the capital lease liability and economic rights agreement and related amortization in conjunction with the note extinguishment with tv azteca and (iii) an additional $19.3 million in interest income, compared to the prior-year period.
income tax (benefit) provision year ended december 31,                                  percent change 2019 vs 2018     percent change 2018 vs 2017
income tax (benefit) provision       $(0.2     )         $(110.1     )           $30.7        (100            )%              (459            )%
as a reit, we may deduct earnings distributed to stockholders against the income generated by our reit operations. in addition, we are able to offset certain income by utilizing our nols, subject to specified limitations. consequently, the effective tax rate on income from continuing operations for each of the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 differs from the federal statutory rate.
the decrease in the income tax benefit for the year ended december 31, 2019 was primarily attributable to an increase in foreign earnings subject to taxation in the current period, offset by a $113.0 million benefit arising from revaluing our net deferred tax liability due to tax law changes in india. the income tax benefit for the year ended december 31, 2018 was favorably impacted by certain events in india and a one-time benefit, discussed below.
the change in the income tax (benefit) provision for the year ended december 31, 2018 was primarily attributable to a decrease in foreign earnings subject to taxation in the current period, primarily resulting from impairment charges and accelerated amortization in india, and a one-time benefit of $85.7 million related to the restructuring of international operations
in certain jurisdictions. the income tax provision for the year ended december 31, 2017 was favorably impacted by a clarification in income tax law in ghana.
net income / adjusted ebitda and net income / nareit ffo attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders / consolidated affo / affo attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders year ended december 31,         percent change 2019 vs 2018         percent change 2018 vs 2017
income tax (benefit) provision                           (0.2    )             (110.1    )               30.7                     (100               )                (459               )
adjusted ebitda                                      $4,744.5                $4,666.5                $4,089.6                        2               %                  14               %
year ended december 31,         percent change 2019 vs 2018         percent change 2018 vs 2017
dividend to noncontrolling interest                                                                                                         (13.2    )              (13.8    )              (13.2    )                  (4               )                   5
adjustments for unconsolidated affiliates and noncontrolling interests                                                                     (130.0    )             (427.4    )             (189.1    )                 (70               )                 126
nareit ffo attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders                                                                $3,491.7                $3,209.0                $2,697.0                        9                                  19
amortization of deferred financing costs, capitalized interest, debt discounts and premiums and long-term deferred interest charges          28.4                    19.0                    26.8                       49                                 (29               )
capital improvement capital expenditures                                                                                                   (160.0    )             (149.5    )             (114.2    )                   7                                  31
corporate capital expenditures                                                                                                              (10.6    )               (9.2    )              (17.0    )                  15                                 (46               )
adjustments for unconsolidated affiliates and noncontrolling interests                                                                      130.0                   427.4                   189.1                      (70               )                 126
adjustments for unconsolidated affiliates and noncontrolling interests (6)                                                                  (79.2    )             (348.7    )             (147.0    )                 (77              )%                 137               %
(1)   included in these amounts are impairment charges of $94.2 million, $394.0 million and $211.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
(2)   for the year ended december 31, 2019, amount includes a tax benefit of $113.0 million as a result of revaluing our net deferred tax liability due to tax law changes in india. for the year ended december 31, 2018, amount includes a tax benefit primarily attributable to the tax effect of an increase in impairment charges and a one-time benefit for restructuring-related activity in foreign jurisdictions offset by the nonrecurrence of prior-year benefit from a clarification in income tax law in ghana.
(3)   relates to the payment of capitalized interest associated with the shareholder loan previously owed to our joint venture partner in ghana (see note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report). this long-term deferred interest was previously expensed but excluded from consolidated affo.
(4)   includes (gains) losses on foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations of ($6.1 million), $4.5 million and ($26.4 million), respectively.
(5)   primarily includes acquisition-related costs and integration costs. for the year ended december 31, 2019, amount also includes the receipt of $13.1 million related to pre-acquisition contingencies and settlements. for the year ended december 31, 2017, amount also includes refunds for acquisition costs and a charitable contribution.
(6)   includes adjustments for the impact on both nareit ffo attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders as well as the other line items included in the calculation of consolidated affo.
the increase in net income was primarily due to an increase in our operating profit, a decrease in other operating expenses, primarily related to a decrease in impairment charges of $299.8 million and a decrease in stock-based compensation expense, partially offset by a change in the income tax benefit and an increase in loss on retirement of long-term obligations of $18.9 million during the period, attributable to the repayment of the 5.050% notes.
the increase in adjusted ebitda was primarily attributable to the increase in our gross margin and was partially offset by an increase in sg&a, excluding the impact of stock-based compensation expense, of $22.8 million.
the decrease in consolidated affo was primarily the result of a decrease in our operating profit, excluding the impact of straight-line accounting, and increases in capital improvement and corporate capital expenditures, partially offset by a decrease in the income tax benefit net of deferred amounts and a decrease in dividends on preferred stock.
the increase in affo attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders was attributable to lower adjustments for unconsolidated affiliates and noncontrolling interests primarily as a result of a decrease in the operating profit in our asia property segment due to our october 2018 settlement with tata, partially offset by the decrease in consolidated affo described above.
the increase in net income was primarily due to an increase in our operating profit, the change in the income tax (benefit) provision and the nonrecurrence of a loss on retirement of long-term obligations of $70.2 million recorded in the prior-year period, partially offset by an increase in other operating expenses, primarily related to an increase in impairment charges of $182.6 million, and increases in depreciation, amortization and accretion expense and interest expense.
the increase in adjusted ebitda was primarily attributable to the increase in our gross margin, partially offset by an increase in sg&a of $67.6 million, excluding the impact of stock-based compensation expense.
the growth in consolidated affo and affo attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders was primarily attributable to the increase in our operating profit, a decrease in dividends on preferred stock and a decrease in the adjustment for straight-line revenue, partially offset by increases in cash paid for interest, capital improvement capital expenditures and corporate sg&a.
liquidity and capital resources overview during the year ended december 31, 2019, we increased our financial flexibility and our ability to grow our business while maintaining our long-term financial policies. our significant 2019 financing transactions included:
•   registered public offerings in an aggregate amount of $4.9 billion of senior unsecured notes with maturities ranging from 2024 to 2049.
•   redemptions of the 3.40% senior unsecured notes due 2019 (the "3.40% notes") and the 5.050% notes for an aggregate amount of $1.7 billion.
•   amendment and restatements of our multicurrency senior unsecured revolving credit facility entered into in june 2013, as amended (as amended and restated, the "2019 multicurrency credit facility"), our senior unsecured revolving credit facility entered into in january 2012 and amended and restated in september 2014, as further amended (as amended and restated, the "2019 credit facility") and our unsecured term loan entered into in october 2013, as amended (as amended and restated, the "2019 term loan") to, among other things, (i) extend each of the maturity dates by one year to june 28, 2023, january 31, 2025 and january 31, 2025, respectively and (ii) increase the commitments under each of the 2019 multicurrency credit facility and the 2019 credit facility to $3.0 billion and $2.25 billion, respectively.
the following table summarizes our liquidity as of december 31, 2019 (in millions):
available under the 2019 multicurrency credit facility      $2,300.0
available under the 2019 credit facility                       650.0
letters of credit                                               (9.9   )
total available under credit facilities, net                 2,940.1
total liquidity                                             $4,441.3
subsequent to december 31, 2019, we made net repayments of $600.0 million under the 2019 credit facility, including repayments of approximately $1,483.4 million using the proceeds from our issuance of the 2.400% notes and 2.900% notes (each as defined below), and made net borrowings of $271.8 million under the 2019 multicurrency credit facility. the borrowings were used to repay existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.
summary cash flow information is set forth below for the years ended december 31, (in millions):
net cash provided by (used for):
operating activities                                                                                            $3,752.6              $3,748.3              $2,925.6
investing activities                                                                                            (3,987.5   )          (2,749.5   )          (2,800.9   )
financing activities                                                                                               521.7                (607.7   )            (113.0   )
net effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash         (13.7   )             (41.1   )               6.7
we use our cash flows to fund our operations and investments in our business, including tower maintenance and improvements, communications site construction and managed network installations and tower and land acquisitions. additionally, we use our cash flows to make distributions, including distributions of our reit taxable income to maintain our qualification for taxation as a reit under the code. we may also repay or repurchase our existing indebtedness or equity from time to time. we typically fund our international expansion efforts primarily through a combination of cash on hand, intercompany debt and equity contributions.
in april 2019, tata teleservices and tata sons limited, two of our minority holders in india, delivered notice of exercise of their put options with respect to their remaining combined holdings in our indian subsidiary, atc tipl (see note 15 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report). accordingly, we expect to pay an amount equivalent to inr 24.8 billion (approximately $347.6 million at the december 31, 2019 exchange rate) to redeem the put shares in the first half of 2020, subject to regulatory approval. in connection with the closing of the eaton towers acquisition (see note 7 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report), we entered into an agreement with mtn to acquire mtn's noncontrolling interests in each of our joint ventures in ghana and uganda for total consideration of approximately $523.0 million. the transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2020, subject to regulatory approval and other closing conditions.
as of december 31, 2019, we had total outstanding indebtedness of $24.2 billion, with a current portion of $2.9 billion. during the year ended december 31, 2019, we generated sufficient cash flow from operations to fund our capital expenditures and debt service obligations, as well as our required distributions. we believe the cash generated by operating activities during the year ending december 31, 2020, together with our borrowing capacity under our credit facilities and cash on hand, will be sufficient to fund our required distributions, capital expenditures, debt service obligations (interest and principal repayments) and signed acquisitions. as of december 31, 2019, we had $1.3 billion of cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries, of which $583.0 million was held by our joint ventures. while certain subsidiaries may pay us interest or principal on intercompany debt, it has not been our practice to repatriate earnings from our foreign subsidiaries primarily due to our ongoing expansion efforts and related capital needs. however, in the event that we do repatriate any funds, we may be required to accrue and pay certain taxes.
cash flows from operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2019, cash provided by operating activities increased $4.3 million as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018. the primary factors that impacted cash provided by operating activities as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018, include:
•   an increase in non-cash operating activities, including an increase of approximately $95.9 million in straight-line revenue and a decrease of approximately $13.5 million in straight-line expense;
•   an increase in our operating profit of $78.4 million; and
•   a decrease of approximately $39.5 million in cash paid for interest.
for the year ended december 31, 2018 cash provided by operating activities increased $822.7 million as compared to the year ended december 31, 2017. the primary factors that impacted cash provided by operating activities as compared to the year ended december 31, 2017, include:
•   an increase in our operating profit of $594.5 million;
•   an increase of approximately $77.6 million in cash paid for interest;
•   a decrease in cash required for working capital, primarily as a result of accounts receivable collection; and
•   an increase of approximately $27.4 million in cash paid for taxes.
cash flows from investing activities our significant investing activities during the year ended december 31, 2019 are highlighted below:
•   we spent approximately $3.0 billion for acquisitions, primarily related to the eaton towers acquisition, the entel acquisition, and asset acquisitions in the united states, colombia, mexico, paraguay and peru.
•   we spent $1,029.7 million for capital expenditures, as follows (in millions):
discretionary capital projects (1)                         $366.6
capital improvements and corporate expenditures (3)         170.6
redevelopment                                               258.5
start-up capital projects                                    80.1
total capital expenditures (4)                           $1,029.7
(1)   includes the construction of 4,511 communications sites globally.
(2)   includes $29.6 million of perpetual land easement payments reported in deferred financing costs and other financing activities in the cash flows from financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
(3)   includes $18.0 million of finance lease payments included in repayments of notes payable, credit facilities, term loan, senior notes, secured debt, finance leases and capital leases in the cash flow from financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
(4)   net of purchase credits of $9.2 million on certain assets, which are reported in operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
our significant investing transactions in 2018 included the following:
•   we spent approximately $1.9 billion for acquisitions, primarily related to the funding of the idea acquisition and the vodafone acquisition, as well as asset acquisitions in the united states, kenya and brazil.
•   we spent $937.1 million for capital expenditures, as follows (in millions):
discretionary capital projects (1)                       $254.7
capital improvements and corporate expenditures (2)       158.7
redevelopment                                             232.4
start-up capital projects                                 128.6
total capital expenditures (3)                           $937.1
(1)   includes the construction of 2,441 communications sites globally.
(2)   includes $32.0 million of capital lease payments included in repayments of notes payable, credit facilities, term loan, senior notes, secured debt, finance leases and capital leases in the cash flow from financing activities in our consolidated statement of cash flows.
(3)   net of purchase credits of $8.1 million on certain assets, which are reported in operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
we plan to continue to allocate our available capital, after satisfying our distribution requirements, among investment alternatives that meet our return on investment criteria, while maintaining our commitment to our long-term financial policies. accordingly, we expect to continue to deploy capital through our annual capital expenditure program, including land purchases and new site construction, and through acquisitions. we also regularly review our tower portfolios as to capital expenditures required to upgrade our towers to our structural standards or address capacity, structural or permitting issues.
we expect that our 2020 total capital expenditures will be as follows (in millions):
discretionary capital projects (1)                     $375   to        $405
capital improvements and corporate expenditures         160   to         180
redevelopment                                           260   to         280
start-up capital projects                               130   to         150
total capital expenditures                           $1,100   to      $1,200
(1)   includes the construction of approximately 6,000 to 7,000 communications sites globally.
cash flows from financing activities our significant financing activities were as follows (in millions):
proceeds from (repayments of) credit facilities, net                                   425.0                  (695.9    )              628.6
repayments of securitized debt                                                             -                  (500.0    )             (302.5    )
(distributions to) contributions from noncontrolling interest holders, net (1)         (11.8    )              (14.4    )              264.3
purchase of redeemable noncontrolling interest (2)                                    (425.7    )                  -                       -
proceeds from issuance of securities in securitization transaction                         -                   500.0                       -
(1)   2017 contributions primarily relate to the funding of the fps acquisition.
(2)   in the fourth quarter of 2018, two of our minority holders in india delivered notice of exercise of their put options with respect to certain shares in our indian subsidiary, atc tipl. during the year ended december 31, 2019, we completed the redemption of the put shares for total consideration of inr 29.4 billion ($425.7 million at the date of redemption).
senior notes repayments of senior notes repayment of 3.40% senior notes-on the february 15, 2019 maturity date, we repaid $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of the 3.40% notes. the 3.40% notes were repaid with borrowings from the 2019 multicurrency credit facility and the 2019 credit facility. upon completion of the repayment, none of the 3.40% notes remained outstanding.
repayment of 5.050% senior notes-on april 22, 2019, we redeemed all of the $700.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 5.050% notes at a price equal to 103.0050% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding april 22, 2019, for an aggregate redemption price of $726.0 million, including $5.0 million in accrued and unpaid interest. we recorded a loss on retirement of long-term obligations of $22.1 million, which includes prepayment consideration of $21.0 million and the associated unamortized discount and deferred financing costs. the redemption was funded with borrowings from the 2019 credit facility and cash on hand. upon completion of the repayment, none of the 5.050% notes remained outstanding.
repayment of 5.900% senior notes-on january 15, 2020, we redeemed all of the $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.900% senior unsecured notes due 2021 (the "5.900% notes") at a price equal to 106.7090% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding january 15, 2020, for an aggregate redemption price of $539.6 million, including $6.1 million in accrued and unpaid interest. we recorded a loss on retirement of long-term obligations of $34.6 million, which includes prepayment consideration of $33.5 million and the associated unamortized discount and deferred financing costs. the redemption was funded with borrowings from the 2019 credit facility and cash on hand. upon completion of the repayment, none of the 5.900% notes remained outstanding.
3.375% senior notes and 3.950% senior notes offering-on march 15, 2019, we completed a registered public offering of $650.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.375% senior unsecured notes due 2024 (the "3.375% notes") and $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.950% senior unsecured notes due 2029 (the "3.950% notes"). the net proceeds from this offering were approximately $1,231.0 million, after deducting commissions and estimated expenses. we used the net proceeds to repay existing indebtedness under the 2019 multicurrency credit facility and the 2019 credit facility.
2.950% senior notes and 3.800% senior notes offering-on june 13, 2019, we completed a registered public offering of $650.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.950% senior unsecured notes due 2025 (the "2.950% notes") and $1.65 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.800% senior unsecured notes due 2029 (the "3.800% notes"). the net proceeds from this offering were approximately $2,269.0 million, after deducting commissions and estimated expenses. we used the net proceeds to repay existing indebtedness under the 2019 multicurrency credit facility and the 2019 credit facility.
2.750% senior notes and 3.700% senior notes offering-on october 3, 2019, we completed a registered public offering of $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.750% senior unsecured notes due 2027 (the "2.750% notes") and $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.700% senior unsecured notes due 2049 (the "3.700% notes"). the net proceeds from this offering were approximately $1,334.2 million, after deducting commissions and estimated expenses. we used the net proceeds to repay existing indebtedness under the 2019 multicurrency credit facility and the 2019 364-day term loan.
2.400% senior notes and 2.900% senior notes offering-on january 10, 2020, we completed a registered public offering of $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.400% senior unsecured notes due 2025 (the "2.400% notes") and $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.900% senior unsecured notes due 2030 (the "2.900% notes", and collectively with the 3.375% notes, the 3.950% notes, the 2.950% notes, the 3.800% notes, the 2.750% notes, the 3.700% notes and the 2.400% notes, the "notes"). the net proceeds from this offering were approximately $1,483.4 million, after deducting commissions and estimated expenses. we used the net proceeds to repay existing indebtedness under the 2019 credit facility.
senior notes           aggregate principal amount   offering date and interest accrual date   maturity date             contractual interest rate   first interest payment   interest payments due (1)   par call date (2)
(2)   we may redeem the notes at any time, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes plus a make-whole premium, together with accrued interest to the redemption date. if we redeem the notes on or after the par call date, we will not be required to pay a make-whole premium.
if we undergo a change of control and corresponding ratings decline, each as defined in the applicable supplemental indenture, we may be required to repurchase all of the notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of such notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest (including additional interest, if any), up to but not including the repurchase date. the notes rank equally with all of our other senior unsecured debt and are structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of our subsidiaries.
the supplemental indentures contain certain covenants that restrict our ability to merge, consolidate or sell assets and our (together with our subsidiaries') ability to incur liens. these covenants are subject to a number of exceptions, including that we and our subsidiaries may incur certain liens on assets, mortgages or other liens securing indebtedness if the aggregate amount of such liens does not exceed 3.5x adjusted ebitda, as defined in the applicable supplemental indenture.
bank facilities in december 2019, we entered into the 2019 multicurrency credit facility, the 2019 credit facility and the 2019 term loan, which amended and restated the 2013 credit facility, the 2014 credit facility and the 2013 term loan, respectively, to, among other things, (i) extend the maturity dates by one year to june 28, 2023, january 31, 2025 and january 31, 2025, respectively, (ii) increase the commitments under each of the 2019 multicurrency credit facility and the 2019 credit facility to $3.0 billion and $2.25 billion, respectively, (iii) increase the maximum revolving loan commitments, after giving effect to any incremental commitments (each as defined in the loan agreements for each of the 2019 multicurrency credit facility and the 2019 credit facility) to $5.0 billion and $3.75 billion under the 2019 multicurrency credit facility and the 2019 credit facility, respectively, (iv) increase the maximum commitments, after giving effect to any incremental commitments (each as defined in the loan agreement for the 2019 term loan) to $2.25 billion under the 2019 term loan and (v) remove the interest coverage ratio financial covenant as defined in each of the loan agreements.
2019 multicurrency credit facility-we have the ability to borrow up to $3.0 billion under the 2019 multicurrency credit facility, which includes a $1.0 billion sublimit for multicurrency borrowings, a $200.0 million sublimit for letters of credit and a $50.0 million sublimit for swingline loans. during the year ended december 31, 2019, we borrowed an aggregate of $2.5 billion and repaid an aggregate of $3.7 billion of revolving indebtedness. we used the borrowings to fund acquisitions, including the entel acquisition, to purchase redeemable noncontrolling interests, to repay existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes. we currently have $3.8 million of undrawn letters of credit and maintain the ability to draw down and repay amounts under the 2019 multicurrency credit facility in the ordinary course.
2019 credit facility-we have the ability to borrow up to $2.25 billion under the 2019 credit facility, which includes a $200.0 million sublimit for letters of credit and a $50.0 million sublimit for swingline loans. during the year ended december 31, 2019, we borrowed an aggregate of $3.2 billion and repaid an aggregate of $1.6 billion of revolving indebtedness. we used the borrowings to fund acquisitions, including the eaton towers acquisition, to repay existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes. we currently have $6.1 million of undrawn letters of credit and maintain the ability to draw down and repay amounts under the 2019 credit facility in the ordinary course.
2019 364-day term loan-on february 14, 2019, we entered into the 2019 364-day term loan, the net proceeds of which were used, together with cash on hand, to repay all amounts outstanding under the unsecured term loan entered into on march 29, 2018. the 2019 364-day term loan matured on february 13, 2020 and had an interest rate that ranged between 0.550% and 1.375% above libor for libor based borrowings or up to 0.375% above the defined base rate for base rate borrowings, in each case based upon our debt ratings. on the february 13, 2020 maturity date, we repaid all amounts outstanding under the 2019 364-day term loan with proceeds from the 2020 term loan (as defined below), borrowings from the 2019 credit facility and cash on hand.
as of december 31, 2019, the key terms under the 2019 multicurrency credit facility, the 2019 credit facility, the 2019 term loan and the 2019 364-day term loan were as follows:
bank facility (1)       outstanding principal balance   maturity date             libor borrowing interest rate range (2)   base rate borrowing interest rate range (2)   current margin over libor and the base rate, respectively
2019 multicurrency credit facility                  $700.0               june 28, 2023       (3)                           0.875% - 1.750%                               0.000% - 0.750%                                           1.125% and 0.125%
2019 credit facility                $1,600.0               january 31, 2025    (3)                           0.875% - 1.750%                               0.000% - 0.750%                                           1.125% and 0.125%
(2)   represents interest rate above libor for libor based borrowings and the interest rate above the defined base rate for base rate borrowings, in each case based on our debt ratings.
(3)   subject to two optional renewal periods.
the 2019 multicurrency credit facility and the 2019 credit facility are subject to two optional renewal periods and we must pay a quarterly commitment fee on the undrawn portion of each facility. the commitment fee for each of the 2019 multicurrency credit facility and the 2019 credit facility ranges from 0.080% to 0.300% per annum, based upon our debt ratings, and is currently 0.110%.
2020 term loan-on february 13, 2020, we entered into a $750.0 million unsecured term loan (the "2020 term loan"), the net proceeds of which were used to repay outstanding indebtedness under the 2019 364-day term loan. the 2020 term loan matures on february 12, 2021 and has an interest rate that is 0.65% above libor for libor based borrowings or 0.00% above the defined base rate for base rate borrowings. any outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest will be due and payable in full at maturity.
the 2019 multicurrency credit facility, the 2019 credit facility, the 2019 term loan and the 2020 term loan do not require amortization of principal and may be paid prior to maturity in whole or in part at our option without penalty or premium. we have the option of choosing either a defined base rate or the libor as the applicable base rate for borrowings under these bank facilities.
the loan agreements for each of the 2019 multicurrency credit facility, the 2019 credit facility, the 2019 term loan and the 2020 term loan contain certain reporting, information, financial and operating covenants and other restrictions (including limitations on additional debt, guaranties, sales of assets and liens) with which we must comply. failure to comply with the financial and operating covenants of the loan agreements could not only prevent us from being able to borrow additional funds under the revolving credit facilities, but may constitute a default, which could result in, among other things, the amounts outstanding, including all accrued interest and unpaid fees, becoming immediately due and payable.
india indebtedness-during the year ended december 31, 2019, we repaid all remaining debt assumed in connection with the viom acquisition and debt entered into by atc tipl. the remaining india indebtedness includes several working capital facilities, most of which are subject to annual renewal. the working capital facilities bear interest at rates that consist of the applicable bank's marginal cost of funds based lending rate (as defined in the applicable agreement), plus a spread.
generally, the working capital facilities are payable on demand prior to maturity. amounts outstanding and key terms of the india indebtedness consisted of the following as of december 31, 2019 (in millions, except percentages):
amount outstanding (inr)      amount outstanding (usd)         interest rate (range)   maturity date (range)
working capital facilities (1)   -                             $-                               8.15% - 8.75%           march 18, 2020 - october 23, 2020
(1)   5.6 billion inr ($78.9 million) of borrowing capacity as of december 31, 2019.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we repurchased 93,654 shares of our common stock under the 2011 buyback for an aggregate of $19.6 million, including commissions and fees. we had no repurchases under the 2017 buyback.
under each program, we are authorized to purchase shares from time to time through open market purchases or in privately negotiated transactions not to exceed market prices and subject to market conditions and other factors. with respect to open market purchases, we may use plans adopted in accordance with rule 10b5-1 under the exchange act in accordance with securities laws and other legal requirements, which allows us to repurchase shares during periods when we otherwise might be prevented from doing so under insider trading laws or because of self-imposed trading blackout periods. these programs may be discontinued at any time.
we expect to continue managing the pacing of the remaining $2.1 billion under the buyback programs in response to general market conditions and other relevant factors. we expect to fund further repurchases of our common stock through a combination of cash on hand, cash generated by operations and borrowings under our credit facilities. purchases under the buyback programs are subject to us having available cash to fund repurchases.
sales of equity securities-we receive proceeds from sales of our equity securities pursuant to our employee stock purchase plan (the "espp") and upon exercise of stock options granted under our equity incentive plan. for the year ended december 31, 2019, we received an aggregate of $105.5 million in proceeds upon exercises of stock options and sales pursuant to the espp.
distributions-as a reit, we must annually distribute to our stockholders an amount equal to at least 90% of our reit taxable income (determined before the deduction for distributed earnings and excluding any net capital gain). generally, we have distributed, and expect to continue to distribute, all or substantially all of our reit taxable income after taking into consideration our utilization of nols. we have distributed an aggregate of approximately $7.4 billion to our common stockholders, including the dividend paid in january 2020, primarily classified as ordinary income that may be treated as qualified reit dividends under section 199a of the code for taxable years ending after 2017 and before 2026.
the amount, timing and frequency of future distributions will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors and will depend on various factors, a number of which may be beyond our control, including our financial condition and operating cash flows, the amount required to maintain our qualification for taxation as a reit and reduce any income and excise taxes that we otherwise would be required to pay, limitations on distributions in our existing and future debt and preferred equity instruments, our ability to utilize nols to offset our distribution requirements, limitations on our ability to fund distributions using cash generated through our trss and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we paid $3.61 per share, or $1.6 billion, to common stockholders of record. in addition, we declared a distribution of $1.01 per share, or $447.3 million, paid on january 14, 2020 to our common stockholders of record at the close of business on december 27, 2019.
we accrue distributions on unvested restricted stock units, which are payable upon vesting. the amount accrued for distributions payable related to unvested restricted stock units was $14.3 million and $13.7 million as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. during the year ended december 31, 2019, we paid $7.0 million of distributions upon the vesting of restricted stock units.
for more details on the cash distributions paid to our common stockholders during the year ended december 31, 2019, see note 16 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
2019 multicurrency credit facility                    $-                       $-                    $-                    $700.0                $-                             $-                  $700.0
2019 credit facility                     -                       -                     -                     -                     -                         1,600.0                 1,600.0
series 2013-2a securities (3)                     -                       -                     -                     1,300.0               -                               -                 1,300.0
series 2018-1a securities (3)                     -                       -                     -                     -                     -                           500.0                   500.0
other non-current liabilities (8)(9)                                           6.6                               9.0                  20.1                  14.3                   8.0               3,371.9                 3,429.9
(3)   represents anticipated repayment date; final legal maturity is march 15, 2048.
(4)   represents anticipated repayment date; final legal maturity is june 15, 2045.
(5)   represents anticipated repayment date; final legal maturity is june 15, 2050.
(6)   includes our south african credit facility, which is denominated in zar and amortizes through december 17, 2020, our colombian credit facility, which is denominated in cop and amortizes through april 24, 2021, our brazil credit facility, which is denominated in brl and matures on january 15, 2022, debt entered into by our kenyan subsidiary in connection with an acquisition of sites in kenya (the "kenya debt"), which is required to be paid either (i) in future installments subject to the satisfaction of specified conditions or (ii) three years from the note origination date, u.s. subsidiary debt related to a seller-financed acquisition (the "u.s. subsidiary debt") and debt entered into by certain eaton towers subsidiaries acquired in connection with the eaton towers acquisition (the "eaton towers debt"), which is denominated in u.s. dollar ("usd"), eur, kenyan shilling ("kes") and west african cfa franc. subsequent to december 31, 2019, we repaid all of the outstanding eaton towers usd denominated and kes denominated debt.
(7)   includes payments under non-cancellable initial terms, as well as payments for certain renewal periods at our option, which we expect to renew because failure to do so could result in a loss of the applicable communications sites and related revenues from tenant leases.
(8)   primarily represents our asset retirement obligations and excludes certain other non-current liabilities included in our consolidated balance sheet, primarily unearned revenue that is not payable in cash.
(9)   excludes $126.3 million of liabilities for unrecognized tax positions and $26.6 million of accrued income tax related interest and penalties included in our consolidated balance sheet as we are uncertain as to when and if the amounts may be settled. settlement of such amounts could require the use of cash flows generated from operations. we expect the unrecognized tax benefits to change over the next 12 months if certain tax matters ultimately settle with the applicable taxing jurisdiction during this timeframe. however, based on the status of these items and the amount of uncertainty associated with the outcome and timing of audit settlements, we are currently unable to estimate the impact of the amount of such changes, if any, to previously recorded uncertain tax positions.
off-balance sheet arrangements-we have no material off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of sec regulation s-k.
factors affecting sources of liquidity our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. we believe that the debt agreements discussed below represent our material debt agreements that contain covenants, our compliance with which would be material to an investor's understanding of our financial results and the impact of those results on our liquidity.
internally generated funds-because the majority of our tenant leases are multiyear contracts, a significant majority of the revenues generated by our property operations as of the end of 2019 is recurring revenue that we should continue to receive in future periods. accordingly, a key factor affecting our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities is to maintain this recurring revenue and to convert it into operating profit by minimizing operating costs and fully achieving our operating efficiencies. in addition, our ability to increase cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications sites and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites.
restrictions under loan agreements relating to our credit facilities-the loan agreements for the 2019 multicurrency credit facility, the 2019 credit facility, the 2019 term loan and the 2020 term loan contain certain financial and operating covenants and other restrictions applicable to us and our subsidiaries that are not designated as unrestricted subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. these restrictions include limitations on additional debt, distributions and dividends, guaranties, sales of assets and liens. the loan agreements also contain covenants that establish financial tests with which we and our restricted subsidiaries must comply related to total leverage and senior secured leverage, as set forth in the table below. as of december 31, 2019, we were in compliance with each of these covenants.
compliance tests for the 12 months ended december 31, 2019 ($ in billions)
ratio (1)                                            additional debt capacity under covenants (2)                              capacity for adjusted ebitda decrease under covenants (3)
consolidated total leverage ratio            total debt to adjusted ebitda ≤ 6.00:1.00            ~$5.8                                                                     ~$1.0
consolidated senior secured leverage ratio   senior secured debt to adjusted ebitda ≤ 3.00:1.00   ~$11.7 (4)                                                                ~$3.9
(2)    assumes no change to adjusted ebitda.
(3)    assumes no change to our debt levels.
(4)    effectively, however, additional senior secured debt under this ratio would be limited to the capacity under the consolidated total leverage ratio.
the loan agreements for our credit facilities also contain reporting and information covenants that require us to provide financial and operating information to the lenders within certain time periods. if we are unable to provide the required information on a timely basis, we would be in breach of these covenants.
failure to comply with the financial maintenance tests and certain other covenants of the loan agreements for our credit facilities could not only prevent us from being able to borrow additional funds under these credit facilities, but may constitute a default under these credit facilities, which could result in, among other things, the amounts outstanding, including all accrued interest and unpaid fees, becoming immediately due and payable. if this were to occur, we may not have sufficient cash on hand to repay such indebtedness. the key factors affecting our ability to comply with the debt covenants described above are our financial performance relative to the financial maintenance tests defined in the loan agreements for these credit facilities and our ability to fund our debt service obligations. based upon our current expectations, we believe our operating results during the next 12 months will be sufficient to comply with these covenants.
restrictions under agreements relating to the 2015 securitization and the trust securitizations-the indenture and related supplemental indentures governing the american tower secured revenue notes, series 2015-1, class a (the "series 2015-1 notes") and the american tower secured revenue notes, series 2015-2, class a (the "series 2015-2 notes," and, together with the series 2015-1 notes, the "2015 notes") issued by gtp acquisition partners i, llc ("gtp acquisition partners") in the 2015 securitization and the loan agreement related to trust securitizations, as discussed further in note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report, include certain financial ratios and operating covenants and other restrictions customary for transactions subject to rated securitizations. among other things, gtp acquisition partners and american tower asset sub, llc and american tower asset sub ii, llc (together, the "amt asset subs") are prohibited from incurring other indebtedness for borrowed money or further encumbering their assets, subject to customary carve-outs for ordinary course trade payables and permitted encumbrances (as defined in the applicable agreement).
under the agreements, amounts due will be paid from the cash flows generated by the assets securing the 2015 notes or the assets securing the nonrecourse loan made by the american tower trust i (the "trust") to the amt asset subs (the "loan"), as applicable, which must be deposited into certain reserve accounts, and thereafter distributed solely pursuant to the terms of the applicable agreement. on a monthly basis, after payment of all required amounts under the applicable agreement, subject to the conditions described in the table below, the excess cash flows generated from the operation of such assets are released to gtp acquisition partners or the amt asset subs, as applicable, which can then be distributed to, and used by, us. as of december 31, 2019, $63.1 million held in such reserve accounts was classified as restricted cash.
certain information with respect to the 2015 securitization and the trust securitizations is set forth below. the debt service coverage ratio ("dscr") is generally calculated as the ratio of the net cash flow (as defined in the applicable agreement) to the amount of interest, servicing fees and trustee fees required to be paid over the succeeding 12 months on the principal amount of the 2015 notes or the loan, as applicable, that will be outstanding on the payment date following such date of determination.
issuer or borrower         notes/securities issued                                                                                                                                                               conditions limiting distributions of excess cash   excess cash distributed during year ended december 31, 2019   dscr as of december 31, 2019   capacity for decrease in net cash flow before triggering cash trap dscr (1)   capacity for decrease in net cash flow before triggering minimum dscr (1)
2015 securitization     gtp acquisition partners   american tower secured revenue notes, series 2015-1 and series 2015-2                                                                                                           1.30x, tested quarterly (2)                     (3)(4)   $238.9                                                                               9.12x   $209.0                                                                        $213.0
trust securitizations   amt asset subs             secured tower revenue securities, series 2013-2a, secured tower revenue securities, series 2018-1, subclass a and secured tower revenue securities, series 2018-1, subclass r   1.30x, tested quarterly (2)                     (3)(5)   $468.6                                                                              10.62x   $556.8                                                                        $565.7
(2)   once triggered, a cash trap dscr condition continues to exist until the dscr exceeds the cash trap dscr for two consecutive calendar quarters. during a cash trap dscr condition, all cash flow in excess of amounts required to make debt service payments, fund required reserves, pay management fees and budgeted operating expenses and make other payments required under the applicable transaction documents, referred to as excess cash flow, will be deposited into a reserve account (the "cash trap reserve account") instead of being released to the applicable issuer or borrower.
(3)   an amortization period commences if the dscr is equal to or below 1.15x (the "minimum dscr") at the end of any calendar quarter and continues to exist until the dscr exceeds the minimum dscr for two consecutive calendar quarters.
(4)   no amortization period is triggered if the outstanding principal amount of a series has not been repaid in full on the applicable anticipated repayment date. however, in such event, additional interest will accrue on the unpaid principal balance of the applicable series, and such series will begin to amortize on a monthly basis from excess cash flow.
a failure to meet the noted dscr tests could prevent gtp acquisition partners or the amt asset subs from distributing excess cash flow to us, which could affect our ability to fund our capital expenditures, including tower construction and acquisitions and meet reit distribution requirements. during an "amortization period," all excess cash flow and any amounts in the applicable cash trap reserve account would be applied to pay principal of the 2015 notes or the loan, as applicable, on each monthly payment date, and so would not be available for distribution to us. further, additional interest will begin to accrue with respect to any series of the 2015 notes or subclass of the loan from and after the anticipated repayment date at a per annum rate determined in accordance with the applicable agreement. with respect to the 2015 notes, upon the occurrence and during an event of default, the applicable trustee may, in its discretion or at the direction of holders of more than 50% of the aggregate outstanding principal of any series of the 2015 notes, declare such series of 2015 notes immediately due and payable, in which case any excess cash flow would need to be used to pay holders of such notes. furthermore, if gtp acquisition partners or the amt asset subs were to default on a series of the 2015 notes or the loan, the applicable trustee may seek to foreclose upon or otherwise convert the ownership of all or any portion of the 3,542 communications sites that secure the 2015 notes or the 5,114 broadcast and wireless communications towers and related assets that secure the loan, respectively, in which case we could lose such sites and the revenue associated with those assets.
as discussed above, we use our available liquidity and seek new sources of liquidity to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives, satisfy our distribution requirements and repay or repurchase our debt. if we determine that it is desirable or necessary to raise additional capital, we may be unable to do so, or such additional financing may be prohibitively expensive or restricted by the terms of our outstanding indebtedness. if we are unable to raise capital when our needs arise, we may not be able to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives, satisfy our reit distribution requirements and debt service obligations or refinance our existing indebtedness.
in addition, our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities. as set forth under item 1a of this annual report under the caption "risk factors," we derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of tenants and, consequently, a failure by a significant tenant to perform its contractual obligations to us could adversely affect our cash flow and liquidity.
critical accounting policies and estimates management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. we evaluate our policies and estimates on an ongoing basis. management bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
we have reviewed our policies and estimates to determine our critical accounting policies for the year ended december 31, 2019. we have identified the following policies as critical to an understanding of our results of operations and financial condition. this is not a comprehensive list of our accounting policies. see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for a summary of our significant accounting policies. in many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by gaap, with no need for management's judgment in its application. there are also areas in which management's judgment in selecting any available alternative would not produce a materially different result.
•   impairment of assets-assets subject to depreciation and amortization: we review long-lived assets for impairment at least annually or whenever events, changes in circumstances or other indicators or evidence indicate that the carrying amount of our assets may not be recoverable.
we review our tower portfolio and network location intangible assets for indicators of impairment at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, typically at an individual tower basis. possible indicators include a tower not having current tenant leases or having expenses in excess of revenues. a cash flow modeling approach is utilized to assess recoverability and incorporates, among other items, the tower location, the tower location demographics, the timing of additions of new tenants, lease rates and estimated length of tenancy and ongoing cash requirements.
we review our tenant-related intangible assets on a tenant by tenant basis for indicators of impairment, such as high levels of turnover or attrition, non-renewal of a significant number of contracts or the cancellation or termination of a relationship. we assess recoverability by determining whether the carrying amount of the tenant-related intangible assets will be recovered primarily through projected undiscounted future cash flows.
if the sum of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows of our long-lived assets is less than the carrying amount of the assets, an impairment loss may be recognized. key assumptions included in the undiscounted cash flows are future revenue projections, estimates of ongoing tenancies and operating margins. an impairment loss would be based on the fair value of the asset, which is based on an estimate of discounted future cash flows to be provided from the asset. we record any related impairment charge in the period in which we identify such impairment.
in october 2019, the indian supreme court issued a ruling regarding the definition of agr and associated fees and charges that may have a material financial impact on certain of our tenants which could affect their ability to perform their obligations under agreements with us. we will continue to monitor the status of these developments, as it is possible that the estimated future cash flows may differ from current estimates and changes in estimated cash flows from tenants in india could have an impact on previously recorded tangible and intangible assets, including amounts originally recorded as tenant-related intangibles. the carrying value of tenant-related intangibles in india was $1,124.4 million as of december 31, 2019, which represents 12% of our consolidated balance of $8,999.5 million. additionally, a significant reduction in tenant related cash flows in india could also impact our tower portfolio and network location intangibles. the carrying values of our tower portfolio and network location intangibles in india were $1,064.8 million and $483.4 million, respectively, as of december 31, 2019, which represent 13% and 15% of our consolidated balances of $7,964.1 million and $3,230.4 million, respectively.
•   impairment of assets-goodwill: we review goodwill for impairment at least annually (as of december 31) or whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
goodwill is recorded in the applicable segment and assessed for impairment at the reporting unit level. we utilize the two step impairment test and employ a discounted cash flow analysis when testing goodwill for impairment. the key assumptions utilized in the discounted cash flow analysis include current operating performance, terminal sales growth rate, management's expectations of future operating results and cash requirements, the current weighted average cost of capital and an expected tax rate. under the first step of this test, we compare the fair value of the reporting unit, as calculated under an income approach using future discounted cash flows, to the carrying amount of the applicable reporting unit. if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, we conduct the second step of this test, in which the implied fair value of the applicable reporting unit's goodwill is compared to the carrying amount of that goodwill. if the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, an impairment loss would be recognized for the amount of the excess.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, no potential impairment was identified as the fair value of each of our reporting units was in excess of its carrying amount. the fair value of our india reporting unit, which is based on the present value of forecasted future value cash flows (the income approach) exceeded the carrying value by approximately 7%. key assumptions include future revenue growth rates and operating margins, capital expenditures, terminal period growth rate and the weighted-average cost of capital, which were determined considering historical data and current assumptions related to the impacts of the carrier consolidation, each of which could be impacted by our tenants' ability to perform their contractual obligations as a result of the agr ruling or otherwise. for this reporting unit, we performed a sensitivity analysis on our significant assumptions and determined that a (i) less than 1% reduction of projected revenues, (ii) 42 basis point increase in the weighted-average cost of capital or (iii) 17% reduction in terminal sales growth rate, individually, each of which we determined to be reasonable, would impact our conclusion that the fair value of the india reporting unit exceeds its carrying value. events that could negatively affect our india reporting unit's financial results include increased tenant attrition exceeding our forecast resulting from the ongoing carrier consolidation, carrier tenant bankruptcies and other factors set forth in item 1a of this annual report under the caption "risk factors." the carrying value of goodwill in the india reporting unit was $1,021.8 million as of december 31, 2019, which represents 17% of our consolidated balance of $6,178.3 million.
•   asset retirement obligations: when required, we recognize the fair value of obligations to remove our tower assets and remediate the leased land upon which certain of our tower assets are located. generally, the associated retirement costs are capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the related tower assets and depreciated over their estimated useful lives and the liability is accreted through the obligation's estimated settlement date.
we updated our assumptions used in estimating our aggregate asset retirement obligation, which resulted in a net decrease in the estimated obligation of $66.2 million during the year ended december 31, 2019. the change in 2019 primarily resulted from changes in timing of certain settlement date and cost assumptions. fair value estimates of liabilities for asset retirement obligations generally involve discounting of estimated future cash flows. periodic accretion of such liabilities due to the passage of time is included in depreciation, amortization and accretion expense in the consolidated statements of operations. the significant assumptions used in estimating our aggregate asset retirement obligation are: timing of tower removals; cost of tower removals; timing and number of land lease renewals; expected inflation rates; and credit-adjusted risk-free interest rates that approximate our incremental borrowing rate. while we feel the assumptions are appropriate, there can be no assurances that actual costs and the probability of incurring obligations will not differ from these estimates. we will continue to review these assumptions periodically and we may need to adjust them as necessary.
•   acquisitions: we evaluate each of our acquisitions under the accounting guidance framework to determine whether to treat an acquisition as an asset acquisition or a business combination. for those transactions treated as asset acquisitions, the purchase price is allocated to the assets acquired, with no recognition of goodwill. for those acquisitions that meet the definition of a business combination, we apply the acquisition method of accounting where assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at fair value at the date of each acquisition, and the results of operations are included with our results from the dates of the respective acquisitions. any excess of the purchase price paid over the amounts recognized for assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. we continue to evaluate acquisitions accounted for as business combinations for a period not to exceed one year after the applicable acquisition date of each transaction to determine whether any additional adjustments are needed to the allocation of the purchase price paid for the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is typically determined by using either estimates of replacement costs or discounted cash flow valuation methods. when determining the fair value of tangible assets acquired, we must estimate the cost to replace the asset with a new asset taking into consideration such factors as age, condition and the economic useful life of the asset. when determining the fair value of intangible assets acquired, we must estimate the applicable discount rate and the timing and amount of future tenant cash flows, including rate and terms of renewal and attrition.
•   revenue recognition: our revenue is derived from leasing the right to use our communications sites and the land on which the sites are located (the "lease component") and from the reimbursement of costs incurred in operating the communications sites and supporting the tenants' equipment as well as other services and contractual rights (the "non-lease component"). most of our revenue is derived from leasing arrangements and is accounted for as lease revenue unless the timing and pattern of revenue recognition of the non-lease component differs from the lease component. if the timing and pattern of the non-lease component revenue recognition differs from that of the lease component, we separately determine the stand-alone selling prices and pattern of revenue recognition for each performance obligation.
our revenue from leasing arrangements, including fixed escalation clauses present in non-cancellable lease arrangements, is reported on a straight-line basis over the term of the respective leases when collectibility is probable. escalation clauses tied to a consumer price index or other inflation-based indices, and other incentives present in lease agreements with our tenants, are excluded from the straight-line calculation. total property straight-line revenues for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 were $183.5 million, $87.6 million and $194.4 million, respectively. amounts billed upfront in connection with the execution of lease agreements are initially deferred and reflected in unearned revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and recognized as revenue over the terms of the applicable lease arrangements. amounts billed or received for services prior to being earned are deferred and reflected in unearned revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets until the criteria for recognition have been met.
we derive the largest portion of our revenues, corresponding trade receivables and the related deferred rent asset from a small number of tenants in the telecommunications industry, with 54% of our revenues derived from four tenants. in addition, we have concentrations of credit risk in certain geographic areas. we mitigate the concentrations of credit risk with respect to notes and trade receivables by actively monitoring the creditworthiness of our borrowers and tenants. in recognizing tenant revenue we assess the collectibility of both the amounts billed and the portion recognized on a straight-line basis. this assessment takes tenant credit risk and business and industry conditions into consideration to ultimately determine the collectibility of the amounts billed. to the extent the amounts, based on management's estimates, may not be collectible, recognition is deferred until such point as the uncertainty is resolved. any amounts that were previously recognized as revenue and subsequently determined to be uncollectible are charged to bad debt expense. accounts receivable are reported net of allowances for doubtful accounts related to estimated losses resulting from a tenant's inability to make required payments and allowances for amounts invoiced whose collectibility is not reasonably assured.
•   rent expense and lease accounting: many of the leases underlying our tower sites have fixed rent escalations, which provide for periodic increases in the amount of ground rent payable over time. in addition, certain of our tenant leases require us to exercise available renewal options pursuant to the underlying ground lease if the tenant exercises its renewal option. we calculate straight-line ground rent expense for these leases based on the fixed non-cancellable term of the underlying ground lease plus all periods, if any, for which failure to renew the lease imposes an economic penalty to us such that renewal appears to be reasonably assured.
effective january 1, 2019, we adopted the new lease standard using the modified retrospective method applied to lease arrangements that were in place on the transition date. the new lease accounting guidance required us to recognize a right-of-use lease asset and lease liability for operating and finance leases. the right-of-use asset is measured as the sum of the lease liability, prepaid or accrued lease payments, any initial direct costs incurred and any other applicable amounts.
the calculation of the lease liability requires us to make certain assumptions for each lease, including lease term and discount rate implicit in each lease, which could significantly impact the gross lease obligation, the duration and the present value of the lease liability. when calculating the lease term, we consider the renewal, cancellation and termination rights available to us and the lessor. we determine the discount rate by calculating the incremental borrowing rate on a collateralized basis at the commencement of a lease or upon a change in the lease term.
•   income taxes: accounting for income taxes requires us to estimate the timing and impact of amounts recorded in our financial statements that may be recognized differently for tax purposes. to the extent that the timing of amounts recognized for financial reporting purposes differs from the timing of recognition for tax reporting purposes, deferred tax assets or liabilities are required to be recorded. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured based on the rate at which we expect these items to be reflected in our tax returns, which may differ from the current rate. we do not expect to pay federal income taxes on our reit taxable income.
we periodically review our deferred tax assets, and we record a valuation allowance if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. management assesses the available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to use the existing deferred tax assets. valuation allowances would be reversed as a reduction to the provision for income taxes, if related deferred tax assets are deemed realizable based on changes in facts and circumstances relevant to the assets' recoverability.
we recognize the benefit of uncertain tax positions when, in management's judgment, it is more likely than not that positions we have taken in our tax returns will be sustained upon examination, which are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. we adjust our tax liabilities when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information or information not previously available. due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. these differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which additional information is available or the position is ultimately settled under audit.
accounting standards update for a discussion of recent accounting standards updates, see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.