item 1a.    risk factors we operate in a market and regulatory environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond our control. in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this form 10-k, the following factors should be considered in evaluating our business and future prospects. any of the following risks, either alone or taken together, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
risks related to our industry and business operations our utility operations are subject to extensive regulation by state pucs and other regulatory agencies, which significantly affects our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. our utility operations also may be subject to fines, penalties and other sanctions for the inability to meet these regulatory requirements.
our regulated businesses provide water and wastewater services to our customers through subsidiaries that are subject to regulation by state pucs. this regulation affects the rates we charge our customers and has a significant impact on our business and results of operations. generally, the state pucs authorize us to charge rates that they determine are sufficient to recover our prudently incurred operating expenses, including, but not limited to, operating and maintenance costs, depreciation, financing costs and taxes, and provide us the opportunity to earn an appropriate rate of return on invested capital.
our ability to successfully implement our business plan and strategy depends on the rates authorized by the various state pucs. we periodically file rate increase applications with state pucs. the ensuing administrative process may be lengthy and costly. our rate increase requests may or may not be approved, or may be partially approved, and any approval may not occur in a timely manner. moreover, a puc may not approve a rate request to an extent that is sufficient to:
•   cover our expenses, including purchased water and costs of chemicals, fuel and other commodities used in our operations;
•   enable us to recover our investment; and
•   provide us with an opportunity to earn an appropriate rate of return on our investment.
approval of the pucs is also required in connection with other aspects of our utilities' operations. some state pucs are empowered to impose financial penalties, fines and other sanctions for non-compliance with applicable rules and regulations. our utilities are also required to have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from the pucs that regulate their businesses and authorize acquisitions, dispositions, and, in certain cases, affiliated transactions. although we believe that each utility subsidiary has obtained or sought renewal of the material permits, approvals and certificates necessary for its existing operations, we are unable to predict the impact that future regulatory activities may have on our business.
in any of these cases, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity may be adversely affected. even if rates are sufficient, we face the risk that we will not achieve the rates of return on our invested capital to the extent permitted by state pucs. this could occur if certain conditions exist, including, but not limited to, if water usage is less than the level anticipated in establishing rates, or if our investments or expenses prove to be higher than the level estimated in establishing rates.
our operations and the quality of water we supply are subject to extensive and increasingly stringent environmental, water quality and health and safety laws and regulations, including with respect to emerging contaminants, compliance with which could impact both our operating costs and capital expenditures, and violations of which could subject us to substantial liabilities and costs, as well as damage to our reputation.
our regulated water and wastewater operations and the operations of our market-based businesses are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations. these requirements include, among others, the clean water act, the safe drinking water act, the lcr and cercla. epa requirements and similar federal and state laws and regulations. for example, state pucs and environmental regulators set conditions and standards for the water and wastewater services we deliver. if we deliver water or wastewater services to our customers that do not comply with regulatory standards, or otherwise violate environmental laws, regulations or permits, or other health and safety and water quality regulations, we could incur substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions or costs, as well as damage to our reputation. in the most serious cases, regulators could reduce requested rate increases or force us to discontinue operations and sell our operating assets to another utility or to a municipality. given the nature of our business which, in part, involves supplying water for human consumption, any potential non-compliance with, or violation of, environmental, water quality and health and safety laws or regulations would likely pose a more significant risk to us than to a company not similarly involved in the water and wastewater industry.
in addition, cercla authorizes the epa to issue orders and bring enforcement actions to compel responsible parties to investigate and take remedial actions with respect to actual or threatened releases of hazardous substances, and can impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault, on responsible parties for the costs thereof. we are also required to obtain various environmental permits from regulatory agencies for our operations.
we incur substantial operating and capital costs on an ongoing basis to comply with environmental, water quality and health and safety laws and regulations. these laws and regulations, and their enforcement, generally have become more stringent over time, and new or stricter requirements could increase our costs. although we may seek to recover ongoing compliance costs in our regulated businesses through customer rates, there can be no guarantee that the various state pucs or similar regulatory bodies that govern our regulated businesses would approve rate increases that would enable us to recover such costs or that such costs will not materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
we may also incur liabilities if, under environmental laws and regulations, we are required to investigate and clean up environmental contamination, including potential releases of hazardous chemicals, such as chlorine, which we use to treat water, or at off-site locations where we have disposed of waste or caused an adverse environmental impact. the discovery of previously unknown conditions, or the imposition of cleanup obligations in the future, could result in significant costs and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. such remediation costs may not be covered by insurance and may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future.
attention is being given to emerging contaminants, including, without limitation, chemicals and other substances that currently do not have any regulatory standard in drinking water or have been recently created or discovered (including by means of scientific achievements in the analysis and detection of trace amounts of substances). examples of sources of emerging contaminants include, but are not limited to, newly created chemical compounds (including, for example, manufactured nanomaterials); human and veterinary products; perfluorinated and polyfluorinated compounds; bacteria, microbes, viruses, amoebae and other pathogens; and residual by-products of disinfection. we rely upon governmental agencies to set appropriate regulatory standards to protect the public from these and other contaminants, and our role is to provide service that meets these standards, if any. in some of our states, pucs may disapprove of cost recovery, in whole or in part, for implementation of treatment infrastructure for an emerging contaminant in the absence of a regulatory standard. furthermore, given the rapid pace at which emerging contaminants are being created and/or discovered, we may not be able to detect and/or mitigate all such substances in our drinking water system or supplies, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. in addition, we believe emerging contaminants may form the basis for additional or increased federal or state regulatory initiatives and requirements in the future, which could significantly increase the cost of our operations.
limitations on availability of water supplies or restrictions on our use of water supplies as a result of government regulation or action may adversely affect our access to sources of water, our ability to supply water to customers or the demand for our water services.
our ability to meet the existing and future demand of our customers depends on the availability of an adequate supply of water. as a general rule, sources of public water supply, including rivers, lakes, streams and groundwater aquifers, are held in the public trust and are not owned by private interests. as a result, we typically do not own the water that we use in our operations, and the availability of our water supply is established through allocation rights (determined by legislation or court decisions) and passing-flow requirements set by governmental entities. passing-flow requirements set minimum volumes of water that must pass through specified water sources, such as rivers and streams, in order to maintain environmental habitats and meet water allocation rights of downstream users. allocation rights are imposed to ensure sustainability of major water sources and passing-flow requirements are most often imposed on source waters from smaller rivers, lakes and streams. these requirements, which can change from time to time, and vary by state or region, may adversely impact our water supply. supply issues, such as drought, overuse of sources of water, the protection of threatened species or habitats, contamination or other factors may limit the availability of ground and surface water.
for example, in our monterey county, california operations, we are seeking to augment our sources of water supply, principally to comply with an october 20, 2009 cease and desist order (the "2009 order"), as amended by an order in july 2016 (the "2016 order"), of the swrcb that requires california-american water company, our wholly owned subsidiary ("cal am"), to significantly decrease its diversions from the carmel river in accordance with a reduction schedule that terminates on december 31, 2021 (the "2021 deadline"). we are also required to augment our monterey county sources of water supply to comply with the requirements of the endangered species act. we cannot predict whether cal am will be able to secure alternative sources of water, or if cal am will be exposed to liabilities, including fines and penalties, if it is unable to meet the 2021 deadline under the 2016 order. furthermore, cal am continues to work constructively with all appropriate agencies to provide necessary information to obtain the required approvals for the water supply project; however, due to the delay in the approval schedule, cal am currently does not believe that it will be able to fully comply with the diversion reduction requirements and other remaining requirements under the 2009 order and the 2016 order, including the 2021 deadline. if cal am or any of our other subsidiaries are unable to secure an alternative source of water, or if other adverse consequences result from the events described above, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. see item 3-legal proceedings-alternative water supply in lieu of carmel river diversions, which includes additional information regarding this matter.
climate variability may cause increased volatility in weather and may impact water usage and related revenue or require additional expenditures, all of which may not be fully recoverable in rates or otherwise.
the issue of climate variability is receiving increasing attention nationally and worldwide. some scientific experts are predicting a worsening of weather volatility in the future associated with climate variability. many climate variability predictions, if true, present several potential challenges to water and wastewater utilities, including us, such as:
•   increased precipitation and flooding;
•   increased frequency and severity of storms and other weather events;
•   challenges associated with changes in temperature or increases in ocean levels;
•   potential degradation of water quality;
•   decreases in available water supply and changes in water usage patterns;
•   increased costs to repair damaged facilities; or
•   increased costs to reduce risks associated with the increasing frequency of natural events, including to improve the resiliency and reliability of our water production and delivery facilities and systems.
because of the uncertainty of weather volatility related to climate variability, we cannot predict its potential impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. although some or all potential expenditures and costs with respect to our regulated businesses could be recovered through rates, infrastructure replacement surcharges or other regulatory mechanisms, there can be no assurance that state pucs would authorize rate increases to enable us to recover such expenditures and costs, in whole or in part.
the current regulatory rate setting process may result in a significant delay, also known as "regulatory lag," from the time that we invest in infrastructure improvements, incur increased operating expenses or experience declining water usage, to the time at which we can seek to address these events in rate case applications; our inability to minimize regulatory lag could adversely affect our business.
there is typically a delay, known as "regulatory lag," between the time one of our regulated subsidiaries makes a capital investment or incurs an operating expense increase and the time when those costs are reflected in rates. in addition, billings permitted by state pucs typically are, to a considerable extent, based on the volume of water usage in addition to a minimum base rate. thus, we may experience regulatory lag between the time our revenues are affected by declining usage and the time we are able to adjust the rate per gallon of usage to address declining usage. our inability to reduce regulatory lag could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
we endeavor to reduce regulatory lag by pursuing constructive regulatory policies. for example, three of our states have approved revenue stability mechanisms that adjust rates periodically to ensure that a utility's revenue will be sufficient to cover its costs regardless of sales volume, including recognition of declining sales resulting from reduced consumption, while providing an incentive for customers to use water more efficiently. in addition, 11 of our state pucs permit rates to be adjusted outside of the general rate case application process through surcharges that address certain capital investments, such as replacement of aging infrastructure. these surcharges are adjusted periodically based on factors such as project completion or future budgeted expenditures, and specific surcharges are eliminated once the related capital investment is incorporated in new puc approved rates. furthermore, in setting rates, ten of our state pucs allow us to use future test years, which extend beyond the date a rate request is filed to allow for current or projected revenues, expenses and investments to be reflected in rates on a more timely basis. other examples of such programs include states that allow us to increase rates for certain cost increases that are beyond our control, such as purchased water costs, property or other taxes, or power, conservation, chemical or other expenditures. these surcharge mechanisms enable us to adjust rates in less time after costs have been incurred than would be the case under the general rate case application process.
while these programs have reduced regulatory lag in several of our regulated states, we continue to seek expansion of programs to reduce regulatory lag in those jurisdictions that have not approved such programs. furthermore, pucs may fail to adopt new surcharge programs and existing programs may not continue in their current form, or at all. although we intend to continue our efforts to expand state puc approval of surcharges to address issues of regulatory lag, our efforts may not be successful, or even if successful they may not completely address our regulatory lag, in which case our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity may be materially and adversely affected.
changes in laws and regulations and changes in certain agreements can significantly affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
new legislation, regulations, government policies or court decisions, including, without limitation with respect to federal and state income and other tax laws, can materially affect our operations, results of operations and cash flows. the individuals who serve as regulators are elected or political appointees. therefore, elections which result in a change of political administration or new appointments may also result in changes in the individuals who serve as regulators and the policies of the regulatory agencies that they serve. new laws or regulations, new interpretations of existing laws or regulations, changes in agency policy, including those made in response to shifts in public opinion, or conditions imposed during the regulatory hearing process could have the following consequences, among others:
•   making it more difficult for us to increase our rates and, as a consequence, to recover our costs or earn our expected rates of return;
•   changing the determination of the costs, or the amount of costs, that would be considered recoverable in rate cases;
•   restricting our ability to terminate our services to customers who owe us money for services previously provided or limiting our bill collection efforts;
•   requiring us to provide water or wastewater services at reduced rates to certain customers;
•   limiting or restricting our ability to acquire water or wastewater systems, purchase or dispose of assets or issue securities, or making it less cost-effective for us to do so;
•   negatively impacting the deductibility of expenses under federal or state tax laws, the amount of tax credits or tax abatement benefits that may be available, the amount of taxes owed, the timing of tax effects on rates, or the ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards;
•   changing regulations that affect the benefits we expected to receive when we began offering services in a particular area;
•   increasing the associated costs of, or difficulty complying with, environmental, health, safety, consumer privacy, water quality, and water quality accountability laws and regulations to which our operations are subject;
•   changing or placing additional limitations on change in control requirements relating to any concentration of ownership of our common stock;
•   making it easier for governmental entities to convert our assets to public ownership via condemnation, eminent domain or other similar process, or for governmental agencies or private plaintiffs to assess liability against us for damages under these or similar processes;
•   placing limitations, prohibitions or other requirements with respect to the sharing of information and participation in transactions by or between a regulated subsidiary and us or our other affiliates, including service company and any of our other subsidiaries;
•   restricting or prohibiting our extraction of water from rivers, streams, reservoirs or aquifers; and
any of the foregoing consequences could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
in addition, new federal, state and local laws, changes in existing laws, rules or regulations, or administrative interpretations thereof, could impact us. in december 2017, the tcja was signed into law, which, among other things, enacted significant and complex changes to the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"), including a reduction in the maximum u.s. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% as of january 1, 2018, and certain other provisions related specifically to the public utility industry, including the normalization of our deferred income taxes. the enactment of the tcja required re-measurement of our deferred income taxes, which materially impacted our 2017 results of operations and financial position and had a lesser impact on our 2018 results of operations and financial position. following enactment of the tcja, the company adjusted its customer rates and deferred income taxes to reflect the lower income tax rate as mandated by pucs in jurisdictions that have addressed the issue. we expect that further impacts to our deferred income taxes will continue to occur through pending or future rate cases or other proceedings in the remaining jurisdictions. at this time, we cannot predict the impacts on us of the regulatory treatment of the tcja in these remaining proceedings, or of the enactment or adoption of any related interpretations, if and when issued. moreover, we are unable to determine or predict the potential impacts, if any, of any other new or amended laws, rules or regulations, or interpretations thereof, including, without limitation, further amendments to the code or applicable treasury regulations, to the extent they may be ultimately enacted, adopted or issued, on us or our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
service disruptions caused by severe weather conditions, climate variability patterns or natural disasters may disrupt our operations or reduce the demand for our water services, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
service interruptions due to severe weather, climate variability patterns and other natural events are possible across all our businesses. these include, among other things, storms, freezing conditions, high wind conditions, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, landslides, drought, wildfires, coastal and intercoastal floods or high water conditions, including those in or near designated flood plains, severe electrical storms, sinkholes and solar flares. weather and other natural events such as these may affect the condition or operability of our facilities, limiting or preventing us from delivering water or wastewater services to our customers, or requiring us to make substantial capital expenditures to repair any damage. tariffs in place or cost recovery proceedings with respect to our regulated businesses may not provide reimbursement to us, in whole or in part, for any of these impacts.
government restrictions on water use may also result in decreased use of water services, even if our water supplies are sufficient to serve our customers, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. seasonal drought conditions that may impact our water services are possible across all of our service areas. governmental restrictions imposed in response to a drought may apply to all systems within a region independent of the supply adequacy of any individual system. responses may range from voluntary to mandatory water use restrictions, rationing restrictions, water conservation regulations, and requirements to minimize water system leaks. while expenses incurred in implementing water conservation and rationing plans may generally be recoverable provided the relevant puc determines they were reasonable and prudent, we cannot assure that any such expenses incurred will, in fact, be fully recovered. moreover, reductions in water consumption, including those resulting from installation of equipment or changed consumer behavior, may persist even after drought restrictions are repealed and the drought has ended, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
a loss of one or more large industrial customers could have a material adverse impact upon the results of operations of one or more of our regulated businesses.
adverse economic conditions or other factors can cause our customers, particularly industrial customers, to curtail operations. a curtailment of operations by an industrial customer would typically result in reduced water usage by that customer. in more severe circumstances, the decline in usage could be permanent. any decrease in demand resulting from difficult economic conditions affecting these industrial customers could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. tariffs in place with respect to our regulated businesses may not reimburse us, in whole or in part, for any of these impacts.
our regulated businesses require significant capital expenditures and may suffer if we fail to secure appropriate funding to make investments, or if we experience delays in completing major capital expenditure projects.
the water and wastewater utility business is capital intensive. we invest significant amounts of capital to add, replace and maintain property, plant and equipment, and to improve aging infrastructure. in 2019, we invested $1.7 billion in net company-funded capital improvements. the level of capital expenditures necessary to maintain the integrity of our systems will continue into the future and may increase. we expect to fund capital improvement projects using cash generated from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and commercial paper programs and issuances of long-term debt and equity. we may not be able to access our revolving credit facility or the commercial paper, long-term debt and equity capital markets, when necessary or desirable to fund capital improvements on favorable terms or at all. if we are not able to obtain sufficient financing, we may be unable to maintain our existing property, plant and equipment, fund our capital investment strategies, meet our growth targets and expand our rate base to enable us to earn satisfactory future returns on our investments. even with adequate financial resources to make required capital expenditures, we face the additional risk that we will not complete our major capital projects on time, as a result of construction delays, permitting delays, labor shortages or other disruptions, environmental restrictions, or other obstacles. each of these outcomes could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
aging infrastructure may lead to service disruptions, property damage and increased capital expenditures and o&m costs, all of which could negatively impact our financial results.
we have risks associated with aging infrastructure, including water and sewer mains, pumping stations and water and wastewater treatment facilities. additionally, the nature of information available on buried and newly acquired assets may be limited, which may challenge our ability to conduct efficient asset management and maintenance practices. assets that have aged beyond their expected useful lives may experience a higher rate of failure. failure of aging infrastructure could result in increased capital expenditures and o&m costs, and negatively impact our future o&m efficiency ratio. in addition, failure of aging infrastructure may result in property damage, and in safety, environmental and public health impacts. to the extent that any increased costs or expenditures are not fully recovered in rates, our results of operations, liquidity and cash flows could be negatively impacted.
seasonality could adversely affect the volume of water sold and our revenues.
the volume of water we sell during the warmer months, typically in the summer, is generally greater than during other months, due primarily to increased water usage for irrigation systems, swimming pools, cooling systems and other applications. throughout the year, and particularly during typically warmer months, the volume of water sold tends to vary with temperature, rainfall levels and rainfall frequency. in the event that temperatures during the typically warmer months are cooler than normal, or if there is more rainfall than normal, the amount of water we sell may decrease and adversely affect our revenues.
three of our jurisdictions, california, illinois, and new york, have adopted revenue stability mechanisms that permit us to collect state puc-authorized revenue for a given period, which is not tied to the volume of water sold during that period. revenue stability mechanisms are designed to allow utilities to recover the fixed cost of operations while supporting water conservation goals. in those jurisdictions that have not adopted a revenue stability mechanism, operating results could continue to be affected by seasonality.
regulatory and environmental risks associated with the collection, treatment and disposal of wastewater may impose significant costs.
the wastewater collection, treatment and disposal operations of our subsidiaries are subject to substantial regulation and involve environmental risks. if collection, treatment or disposal systems fail, overflow, or do not operate properly, untreated wastewater or other contaminants could spill onto nearby properties or into nearby streams and rivers, causing damage to persons or property, injury to aquatic life and economic damages. this risk is most acute during periods of substantial rainfall or flooding, which are the main causes of sewer overflow and system failure. liabilities resulting from such damage could adversely and materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
contamination of water supplies or our water service provided to our customers could result in service limitations and interruptions and exposure to substances not typically found in potable water supplies, and could subject us and our subsidiaries to reductions in usage and other responsive obligations, government enforcement actions, damage to our reputation and private litigation.
the water supplies that flow into our treatment plants or are delivered through our distribution system, or the water service that is provided to our customers, may be subject to contamination, including, among other items, contamination from naturally-occurring compounds, chemicals in groundwater systems, pollution resulting from man-made sources (such as perchlorate, methyl tertiary butyl ether, lead and other materials, chemical spills or other accidents that result in contaminants entering the water source), and possible terrorist attacks. in addition, new categories of these substances continue to emerge in the water industry. if one of our water supplies or the water service provided to our customers is contaminated, depending on the nature of the contamination, we may have to take responsive actions that could include, among other things (1) continuing limited use of the water supply under a "do not use" protective order that enables continuation of basic sanitation and essential fire protection, or (2) interrupting the use of that water supply. if service is disrupted, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and reputation may be adversely affected. in addition, we may incur significant costs in order to treat the contaminated source through the expansion of our current treatment facilities or the development of new sources of supply or new treatment methods. we may be unable to recover costs associated with treating or decontaminating water supplies through insurance, customer rates, tariffs or contract terms. any recovery of these costs that we are able to obtain through regulatory proceedings or otherwise may not occur in a timely manner. moreover, we could be subject to claims for damages arising from government enforcement actions or toxic tort or other lawsuits arising out of an interruption of service or human exposure to hazardous substances in our drinking water and water supplies.
since we engage in the business of providing water service to our customers, contamination of the water supply, or the water service provided to our customers, could result in substantial injury or damage to our customers, employees or others and we could be exposed to substantial claims and litigation. such claims could relate to, among other things, personal injury, loss of life, business interruption, property damage, pollution, and environmental damage and may be brought by our customers or third parties. litigation and regulatory proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings can and do occur, and we may not be protected from these claims or negative impacts therefrom in whole or in part by tariffs or other contract terms. negative impacts to our reputation may occur even if we are not liable for any contamination or other environmental damage or the consequences arising out of human exposure to contamination or hazardous substances in the water or water supplies. in addition, insurance coverage may not cover all or a portion of these losses, and are subject to deductibles and other limitations. pending or future claims against us could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we may sustain losses that exceed or are excluded from our insurance coverage or for which we are self-insured.
we maintain insurance coverage as part of our overall legal and risk management strategy to minimize potential liabilities arising from our utility operations, as well as the operations of our market-based businesses. our insurance programs have varying coverage limits, exclusions and maximums, and insurance companies may seek to deny claims we might make. generally, our insurance policies cover property damage, worker's compensation, employer's liability, general liability, cybersecurity, terrorism risks and automobile liability. each policy includes deductibles or self-insured retentions and policy limits for covered claims. as a result, we may sustain losses that exceed or that are excluded from our insurance coverage or for which we are self-insured.
although in the past we have been generally able to obtain insurance coverage related to our business, there can be no assurance that we can secure all necessary or appropriate insurance in the future, or that such insurance can be economically secured. for example, catastrophic events can result in decreased coverage limits, more limited coverage, increased premium costs or deductibles.
we are subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make us vulnerable to negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or sanctions.
our business and operations have a large direct and indirect customer base and, as a result, we are exposed to public criticism regarding, among other things, the reliability of their water, wastewater and related or ancillary services, the quality of water provided, and the amount, timeliness, accuracy and format of bills that are provided for such services. adverse publicity and negative consumer sentiment may render legislatures and other governing bodies, state pucs and other regulatory authorities, and government officials less likely to view us in a favorable light, and may cause us to be susceptible to less favorable legislative, regulatory and economic outcomes, as well as increased regulatory or other oversight and more stringent regulatory or economic requirements. unfavorable regulatory and economic outcomes may include the enactment of more stringent laws and regulations governing our operations and less favorable economic terms in our agreements related to our market-based businesses, as well as fines, penalties or other sanctions or requirements. the imposition of any of the foregoing could have a material negative impact on us and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
for example, new york american water company, inc. ("nyaw") has been the subject of a new york state public service commission ("nyspsc") investigation related to the unintentional provision of incorrect data to a taxing authority that resulted in an over-assessment of real property taxes. nyaw self-reported this issue to the nyspsc promptly after nyaw's senior leadership became aware of it. neither nyaw nor any of its employees received any financial benefit as a result of this matter, as all customer overpayments were provided to the local taxing authorities. the nyspsc investigation also related to the failure of a few employees working on nyaw's 2016 general rate case to properly disclose these issues in that rate case. in september 2018, a settlement of these matters was approved by the supreme court of the state of new york, albany county, and nyaw has been working with the new york state department of public service to implement its terms. while the settlement resolves the nyspsc's investigation involving nyaw and those matters set forth above, there can be no assurance that nyaw will not be subject to additional federal, state or local proceedings regarding these and other related matters, and these proceedings could result in increased oversight and civil, administrative and/or criminal sanctions, which may have a material adverse effect upon our reputation and perception.
the failure of, or the requirement to repair, upgrade or dismantle, any of our dams may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
the properties of our regulated businesses segment include 76 dams, the majority of which are earthen dams, and the failure of any of which could result in personal injury and property damage, including without limitation downstream property damage, for which we may be liable. the failure of a dam would also adversely affect our ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to our customers and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. any losses or liabilities incurred due to a failure of one of our dams might not be covered by insurance policies or be recoverable in rates, and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future.
we also are required from time to time to decommission, repair or upgrade the dams that we own. the cost of such repairs or upgrades can be and has been material. the federal and state agencies that regulate our operations may adopt rules and regulations requiring us to dismantle our dams, which also could entail material costs. although in most cases, the puc has permitted recovery of expenses and capital investment related to dam rehabilitation, we might not be able to recover costs of repairs, upgrades or dismantling through rates in the future. the inability to recover these costs or delayed recovery of the costs as a result of regulatory lag can affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
any failure of our network of water and wastewater pipes and water reservoirs could result in losses and damages that may affect our financial condition and reputation.
our operating subsidiaries distribute water and collect wastewater through an extensive network of pipes and storage systems located across the united states. a failure of major pipes or reservoirs could result in injuries, property and other damage for which we may be liable. the failure of major pipes and reservoirs may also result in the need to shut down some facilities or parts of our network in order to conduct repairs. such failures and shutdowns may limit our ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to our customers and to meet the water and wastewater delivery requirements prescribed by government regulators, including state pucs with jurisdiction over our operations, and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and reputation. any business interruption or other losses might not be covered by insurance policies or be recoverable in rates, and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future. moreover, to the extent such business interruptions or other losses are not covered by insurance, they may not be recovered through rate adjustments.
an important part of our growth strategy is the acquisition of water and wastewater systems, which involves risks, including competition for acquisition opportunities from other regulated utilities, governmental entities and other buyers, that may hinder or limit our ability to grow our business.
an important element of our growth strategy is the acquisition and optimization of water and wastewater systems in order to broaden our current, and move into new, service areas. we may not be able to acquire other systems or businesses if we cannot identify suitable acquisition opportunities or reach mutually agreeable terms with acquisition candidates. further, competition for acquisition opportunities from other regulated utilities, governmental entities, and other buyers may hinder our ability to expand our business.
the negotiation and execution of potential acquisitions as well as the integration of acquired systems or businesses with our existing operations could require us to incur significant costs and cause diversion of our management's time and resources. future acquisitions by us could result in, among other things:
•   incurrence or assumption of debt, contingent liabilities and environmental liabilities of or with respect to an acquired business, including liabilities that were unknown at the time of acquisition;
•   failure to recover acquisition premiums;
•   unanticipated capital expenditures;
•   failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting;
•   the need to successfully integrate the acquired systems' cybersecurity and infrastructure protection measures with those of the company's;
•   recording goodwill and other intangible assets at values that ultimately may be subject to impairment charges;
•   unanticipated acquisition-related expenses;
•   failure to realize anticipated benefits, such as cost savings and revenue enhancements; and
•   difficulties in integrating or assimilating personnel, benefits, services and systems.
some or all of these items could have a material adverse effect on our business. the systems and businesses we acquire in the future may not achieve anticipated sales and profitability or other perceived synergies, and any difficulties we encounter in the integration process could interfere with our operations, reduce our operating margins and adversely affect our internal control over financial reporting.
we compete with governmental entities, other regulated utilities, and strategic and financial buyers for acquisition opportunities. if consolidation becomes more prevalent in the water and wastewater industries and competition for acquisitions increases, the prices for suitable acquisition candidates may increase and limit our ability to expand through acquisitions.
our regulated businesses are subject to condemnation and other proceedings through eminent domain or other similar authorized process, which could materially and adversely affect their results of operations and financial condition.
municipalities and other government subdivisions have historically been involved in the provision of water and wastewater services in the united states, and organized efforts may arise from time to time in one or more of the service areas in which our regulated businesses operate to convert our assets to public ownership and operation through exercise of the governmental power of eminent domain, or another similar authorized process. a municipality or other government subdivision or a citizen group may seek to acquire our assets through eminent domain or such other process, either directly or indirectly as a result of a citizen petition.
for example, in november 2018, monterey, california ballot measure j was certified as having been approved by a public vote, requiring the mpwmd to conduct a study and submit a written plan concerning the feasibility of a potential purchase of the monterey system assets without an additional public vote. on november 6, 2019, the mpwmd issued a preliminary report finding, among other things, that the acquisition of the monterey system assets by the mpwmd would be economically feasible. also, five municipalities in the chicago, illinois area formed a water agency that filed an eminent domain lawsuit against our illinois subsidiary in january 2013, seeking to condemn a water pipeline that serves those five municipalities. this lawsuit remains pending, and a valuation trial is likely to be held in the near future. see item 1-business-regulated businesses-condemnation and eminent domain, which includes additional information regarding these matters.
furthermore, the law in certain jurisdictions in which our regulated businesses operate provides for eminent domain rights allowing private property owners to file a lawsuit to seek just compensation against a public utility, if the public utility's infrastructure has been determined to be a substantial cause of damage to that property. in these actions, the plaintiff would not have to prove that the public utility acted negligently. in california, lawsuits have been filed in connection with large-scale natural events such as wildfires. some have included allegations that infrastructure of certain utilities triggered the natural event that resulted in damage to the property. in some cases, the puc has disallowed recovery in rates of losses incurred by these utilities as a result of such lawsuits.
contesting an exercise of condemnation, eminent domain or other similar process, or responding to a citizen petition, may result in costly legal proceedings and may divert the attention of management. moreover, our efforts to resist the condemnation, eminent domain or other process may not be successful, which may require us to sell the operations at issue in a condemnation proceeding or to pay a private property owner compensation for the property damage suffered. if a municipality or other government subdivision succeeds in acquiring the assets of one or more of our regulated businesses through eminent domain or other process, there is a risk that we will not receive adequate compensation for the business, that we will not be able to keep the compensation, or that we will not be able to divest the business without incurring significant charges. any of these outcomes may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity.
we rely on operational and technology systems to facilitate the management of our business and customer and supplier relationships, and a disruption of these systems could adversely affect our business.
our operational and technology systems are an integral part of our business, and any disruption of these systems could significantly limit our ability to manage and operate our business efficiently, which, in turn, could cause our business and competitive position to suffer and adversely affect our results of operations. for example, we depend on these systems to bill customers, process orders, provide customer service, manage certain plant operations and construction projects, manage our financial records, track assets, remotely monitor certain of our plants and facilities and manage human resources, supply chain, inventory and accounts receivable collections.
although we do not believe that these systems are at a materially greater risk of failure than other similar organizations, our technology systems remain vulnerable to damage or interruption from:
•   power loss, computer systems failures, and internet, telecommunications or data network failures;
•   physical and electronic loss of customer or employee data due to security breaches, cyber attacks, hacking, denial of services action, misappropriation of data or other property and similar events;
•   severe weather and other events, including without limitation, hurricanes, tornadoes, fires, floods, earthquakes and other disasters.
these events may result in physical and electronic loss of customer, employee or financial data, security breaches, misappropriation of property and other adverse consequences. in addition, a lack of or inadequate levels of redundancy for certain of these systems, including billing systems, could exacerbate the impact of any of these events on us. we may not be successful in developing or acquiring technology that is competitive and responsive to the needs of our business, and we might lack sufficient resources to make the necessary upgrades or replacements of outdated existing technology to enable us to continue to operate at our current level of efficiency. any or all of these events could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
as operators of critical infrastructure, we may face a heightened risk of physical and/or cyber attacks from internal or external sources. our water and wastewater systems may be vulnerable to disability or failures as a result of physical or cyber attacks, acts of war or terrorism, vandalism or other causes. our operational and technology systems throughout our businesses may be vulnerable to unauthorized external or internal access, due to hacking, viruses, acts of war or terrorism, and other causes. unauthorized access to confidential information located or stored on these systems could negatively and materially impact our customers, employees, suppliers and other third parties. further, third parties, including vendors, suppliers and contractors, who perform certain services for us or administer and maintain our sensitive information, could also be targets of cyber attacks and unauthorized access. while we have instituted safeguards to protect our operational and technology systems, those safeguards may not always be effective due to the evolving nature of cyber attacks and cyber vulnerabilities. we cannot guarantee that such protections will be completely successful in the event of a cyber attack.
if, despite our security measures, a significant physical attack or cyber breach occurred, our operations could be disrupted, property damaged, and customer and other confidential information lost or stolen; experience substantial loss of revenues, response costs and other financial loss; suffer a loss of management time, attention and resources from our regular business operations; and be subject to increased regulation, litigation, and damage to our reputation, any of which could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and cash flows. experiencing a cyber security incident could also cause us to be non-compliant with applicable laws and regulations or contracts that require us to securely maintain confidential data, causing us to incur costs related to legal claims or proceedings and regulatory fines or penalties. these types of events, either impacting our facilities or the industry in general, could also cause us to incur additional security and insurance related costs.
in addition, in the ordinary course of business, we collect and retain sensitive information, including personally identifiable information, about our customers and employees. in many cases, we outsource administration of certain functions to vendors that could be targets of cyber attacks. any theft, loss and/or fraudulent use of customer, employee or proprietary data as a result of a cyber attack could subject us to significant litigation, liability and costs, as well as adversely impact our reputation with customers and regulators, among others.
we have obtained cyber insurance to provide coverage for a portion of the losses and damages that may result from a security breach, but such insurance is subject to a number of exclusions and may not cover the total loss or damage caused by a breach. the market for cybersecurity insurance is relatively new and coverage available for cybersecurity events may evolve as the industry matures. in the future, adequate insurance may not be available at rates that we believe are reasonable, and the costs of responding to and recovering from a cyber incident may not be covered by insurance or recoverable in rates.
our inability to efficiently upgrade and improve our operational and technology systems, or implement new systems, could result in higher than expected costs or otherwise adversely impact our internal controls environment, operations and profitability.
upgrades and improvements to computer systems and networks, or the implementation of new systems, may require substantial amounts of management's time and financial resources to complete, and may also result in system or network defects or operational errors due to multiple factors, including employees' ability to effectively use the new or upgraded system. we continue to implement technology to improve our business processes and customer interactions, and have installed new, and upgraded existing, technology systems. these efforts support our broader strategic initiatives and are intended to improve our operations and enhance our customer service capabilities. any technical or other difficulties in upgrading and improving existing or implementing new technology systems may increase costs beyond those anticipated and have an adverse or disruptive effect on our operations and reporting processes, including our internal control over financial reporting. we may also experience difficulties integrating current systems with new or upgraded systems, which may impact our ability to serve our customers effectively or efficiently. although we make efforts to minimize any adverse impact on our controls, business and operations, we cannot assure that all such impacts have been or will be mitigated, and any such impacts could harm our business (individually or collectively) and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
an inability to successfully develop and implement new technologies poses substantial risks to our business and operational excellence strategies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
a significant part of our long-term strategic focus on safety, operational excellence, o&m expense efficiency, water quality, asset and capital management and the customer experience includes the development and implementation of new technologies to be used for, among other things: customer service and support; environmental compliance; water metering; water quality and source monitoring; cybersecurity; business development and growth; data analysis; employee development and training; and other initiatives. for example, we have made and plan to continue to make significant investments in developing, deploying and maintaining customer-facing technologies, applications to support field service and customer service operations, water source sensor and evaluation technologies, and data analysis and artificial intelligence technologies. where appropriate, we also seek to align these new technologies with existing technology infrastructure and systems.
there can be no assurance that we will be successful in designing, developing, deploying, integrating or maintaining these new technologies, and if they do not perform effectively or adequately serve their respective business objectives, their value to us and our business and operations may be negatively and materially impacted. because these efforts can be long-term in nature, these new technologies may be more costly or time-consuming than expected to design, develop, integrate and complete and may not ultimately deliver the expected or desired benefits upon completion. technologies that do not perform as intended or desired may need to be redesigned, redeveloped or abandoned. while we have and will continue to seek to recover costs and earn a return on capital expenditures with respect to the costs and expenses of development and deployment of these new technologies in our regulated businesses, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so in every instance or at all. our failure to timely and effectively invest in, develop, deploy and implement improvements to, and properly maintain the operation and integrity of, our new technologies, including related data and other related systems, and/or adequately obtain recovery in rates of the costs and expenses associated with such activities, may adversely affect our ability to achieve intended o&m expense efficiencies or other key performance results and, ultimately, could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
all of the intellectual property that has been or is being used or developed in connection with these technologies, we believe we own, or have valid licenses to use. however, competitors, contracting parties or other third parties may bring claims against us to challenge our right to use, license, sub-license, market or monetize, in whole or in part, such intellectual property or derivatives thereof or works made therefrom, and the assertion, defense or protection of our intellectual property rights could be expensive, time-consuming and ultimately unsuccessful. if we are unable to do so, or it is determined that we do not own or have valid licenses or other rights to any of the intellectual property used in our technologies, we may lose valuable rights to what we regard as our intellectual property, the carrying values of the affected technologies may need to be decreased significantly, and we may be required to obtain or purchase licenses at significant cost from third parties to use the intellectual property. in any of these cases, we may be unable to execute our long-term strategy, and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially and adversely impacted.
our business has inherently dangerous workplaces. if we fail to maintain safe work sites, we may experience workforce injuries or loss of life, and be exposed to financial losses, including penalties and other liabilities.
safety is a core value and a strategy at american water. our safety performance and continual progress to our ultimate desired goal of zero injuries is critical to our reputation. we maintain health and safety standards to protect our employees, customers, contractors, vendors and the public. although we intend to adhere to such health and safety standards with a goal of achieving zero injuries, it is extremely challenging to eliminate all safety incidents at all times.
at our business sites, including construction and maintenance sites, our employees, contractors and others are often in close proximity to large pieces of equipment, moving vehicles, pressurized water, underground trenches and vaults, chemicals and other regulated materials. on many sites, we are responsible for safety and, accordingly, must implement important safety procedures and practices above what governmental regulations require. if we fail to implement such procedures or if the procedures we implement are ineffective or are not followed by our employees or others, our employees, contractors and others may experience minor, serious or fatal injuries. unsafe work sites have the potential to increase employee turnover, expose us to litigation and raise our operating costs. any of the foregoing could result in financial losses, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, our operations can involve the delivery, handling and storage of hazardous chemicals, which, if improperly delivered, handled, stored or disposed of, could result in serious injury, death, environmental damage or property damage, and could subject us to penalties or other liabilities. we are also subject to regulations dealing with occupational health and safety. although we maintain functional employee groups whose primary purpose is to ensure we implement effective health and, safety work procedures and practices throughout our organization, including construction sites and maintenance sites, the failure to comply with such regulations or procedures could subject us to liability.
work stoppages and other labor relations matters could adversely affect our results of operations.
as of december 31, 2019, approximately 46% of our workforce was represented by unions, and we had 71 collective bargaining agreements in place with 14 different unions representing our unionized employees. these collective bargaining agreements, including four which are beyond expiration and 14 which will expire during 2020, are subject to periodic renewal and renegotiation. we may not be able to successfully renew or renegotiate these labor contracts on terms that are fair to us. any negotiations or dispute resolution processes undertaken in connection with our labor contracts could be delayed or affected by labor actions or work stoppages. labor actions, work stoppages or the threat of work stoppages, and our failure to obtain favorable labor contract terms during renegotiations, may disrupt our operations and result in higher labor costs, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. while we have developed contingency plans to be implemented as necessary if a work stoppage or strike does occur, a strike or work stoppage may have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
our continued success is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain, and utilize qualified personnel.
the success of our business is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain, and utilize qualified personnel, including engineers, licensed operators, water quality and other operating and craft personnel, and management professionals who have the required experience and expertise. from time to time, it may be difficult to attract and retain qualified individuals with the expertise and in the timeframe demanded for our business needs. in certain geographic areas, for example, we may not be able to satisfy the demand for our services because of our inability to successfully hire and retain qualified personnel.
in addition, as key personnel approach retirement age, we need to have appropriate succession plans in place and to successfully implement such plans. if we cannot attract and retain qualified personnel or effectively implement appropriate succession plans, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially and adversely impacted.
financial and market-related risks our indebtedness could affect our business adversely and limit our ability to plan for or respond to changes in our business, and we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our liquidity needs.
as of december 31, 2019, our aggregate long-term and short-term debt balance (including preferred stock with mandatory redemption requirements) was $9.5 billion, and our working capital (defined as current assets less current liabilities) was in a deficit position. our indebtedness could have important consequences, including:
•   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital requirements or capital expenditures;
•   exposing us to interest rate risk with respect to the portion of our indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates;
•   limiting our ability to pay dividends on our common stock or make payments in connection with our other obligations;
•   impairing our access to the capital markets for debt and equity;
•   requiring that an increasing portion of our cash flows from operations be dedicated to the payment of the principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for future operations, dividends on our common stock or capital expenditures;
•   limiting our ability to take advantage of significant business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities, and to react to changes in market or industry conditions; and
•   placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that have less debt.
in order to meet our capital expenditure needs, we may be required to make additional borrowings under our revolving credit facility or issue a combination of new short-term and long-term debt securities and equity. moreover, additional borrowings may be required to refinance outstanding indebtedness. debt maturities and sinking fund payments in 2020, 2021 and 2022 will be $28 million, $310 million and $14 million, respectively. we can provide no assurance that we will be able to access the debt or equity capital markets on favorable terms, if at all. moreover, if new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks we now face could intensify, limiting our ability to refinance existing debt on favorable terms.
in an attempt to manage our exposure to interest rate risk associated with our issuance of variable and fixed rate debt, we have in the past entered into, and in the future may enter into, financial derivative instruments, including without limitation, interest rate swaps, forward starting swaps, swaptions and u.s. treasury lock agreements. see item 7a-quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk. however, these efforts may not be effective to fully mitigate interest rate risk, and may expose us to other risks and uncertainties, including quarterly "mark to market" valuation risk associated with these instruments, that could negatively and materially affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our ability to pay our expenses and satisfy our debt service obligations depends in significant part on our future performance, which will be affected by the financial, business, economic, competitive, legislative (including tax initiatives and reforms, and other similar legislation or regulation), regulatory and other risk factors described in this section, many of which are beyond our control. if we do not have sufficient cash flows to pay the principal and interest on our outstanding debt, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, reduce capital investments, sell assets, borrow additional funds or sell additional equity. in addition, if our business does not generate sufficient cash flows from operations, or if we are unable to incur indebtedness sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs, we may be unable to plan for or respond to changes in our business, which could cause our financial condition, operating results and prospects to be affected materially and adversely.
our inability to access the capital or financial markets or other events could affect our ability to meet our liquidity needs at reasonable cost and our ability to meet long-term commitments, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition to cash from operations, we rely primarily on our revolving credit facility, commercial paper program, and the capital markets to satisfy our liquidity needs. in this regard, our principal external sources of short-term liquidity are our $2.10 billion commercial paper program and our $2.25 billion revolving credit facility. our revolving credit facility currently expires in accordance with its terms in march 2024, although under those terms we may request to extend the expiration date for up to one year. we regularly use our commercial paper program under this revolving credit facility as a principal source of short-term borrowing due to the generally more attractive rates we generally can obtain in the commercial paper market. as of december 31, 2019, american water capital corp. ("awcc"), our wholly owned financing subsidiary, had no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility, and had $786 million of commercial paper outstanding and $76 million in outstanding letters of credit. there can be no assurance that awcc will be able to continue to access its commercial paper program or its revolving credit facility, when, as and if desired, or that the amount of capital available thereunder will be sufficient to meet all of our liquidity needs at a reasonable, or any, cost.
under the terms of our revolving credit facility, our consolidated debt cannot exceed 70% of our consolidated capitalization, as determined under the terms of the credit facility. if our equity were to decline or debt were to increase to a level that caused our debt to exceed this limit, lenders under the credit facility would be entitled to refuse any further extension of credit and to declare all of the outstanding debt under the credit facility immediately due and payable. to avoid such a default, a waiver or renegotiation of this covenant would be required, which would likely increase funding costs and could result in additional covenants that would restrict our operational and financing flexibility.
our ability to comply with this and other covenants contained in the revolving credit facility and our other consolidated indebtedness is subject to various risks and uncertainties, including events beyond our control. for example, events that could cause a reduction in equity include, without limitation, a significant write-down of our goodwill. even if we are able to comply with this or other covenants, the limitations on our operational and financial flexibility could harm our business by, among other things, limiting our ability to incur indebtedness or reduce equity in connection with financings or other corporate opportunities that we may believe would be in our best interests or the interests of our shareholders to complete.
disruptions in the capital markets or changes in our credit ratings could also limit our ability to access capital on terms favorable to us or at all. for example, on april 1, 2019, moody's investors service changed the company's senior unsecured debt rating to baa1, from a3, with a stable outlook. while the lending banks that participate in our revolving credit facility have met all of their obligations, disruptions in the credit markets, changes in our credit ratings, or deterioration of the banking industry's financial condition could discourage or prevent lenders from meeting their existing lending commitments, extending the terms of such commitments, or agreeing to new commitments. these or other occurrences may cause our lenders to not meet their existing commitments, and we may not be able to access the commercial paper or loan or capital markets in the future on terms acceptable to us or at all. furthermore, our inability to maintain, renew or replace commitments under this facility could materially increase our cost of capital and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. longer-term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of economic, legislative, political or other uncertainty, including as a result of changes in u.s. tax and other laws, reduced financing alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to the liquidity needed for our business. any significant disruption in the capital, debt or credit markets, or financial institution failures could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the market stabilizes or until alternative financing can be arranged. such measures could include deferring capital expenditures, reducing or suspending dividend payments, and reducing other discretionary expenditures. finally, there is no assurance that we will be able to access the equity capital markets to obtain financing when necessary or desirable and on terms that are reasonable or acceptable to us.
any of the foregoing events that impede our access to the capital markets, or the failure of any of our lenders to meet their commitments that result from financial market disruptions, could expose us to increased interest expense, require us to institute cash conservation measures or otherwise adversely and materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
parent company may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock if its subsidiaries are unable to pay upstream dividends or repay funds.
parent company is a holding company and, as such, it has no substantive operations of its own. substantially all of our consolidated assets are held by subsidiaries. parent company's ability to meet its financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock is primarily dependent on the net income and cash flows of its subsidiaries and their ability to pay upstream dividends or repay indebtedness to parent company. prior to paying dividends to parent company, our regulated subsidiaries must comply with applicable regulatory restrictions and financial obligations, including, for example, debt service and preferred and preference stock dividends, as well as applicable corporate, tax and other laws and regulations and agreements, and our covenants and other agreements. our subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to pay or upstream dividends to parent company. a failure or inability of any of these subsidiaries to pay such dividends or repay intercompany obligations could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity and parent company's ability to pay dividends on its common stock and meet its other obligations.
we may not be able to fully utilize our u.s. and state net operating loss carryforwards.
as of december 31, 2019, we had u.s. federal and state nol carryforwards of approximately $673 million and $453 million, respectively, and management believes it is more likely than not that these nol carryforwards will be recovered in the future. with the enactment of the tcja, the company analyzed the impacts of the reduction in the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% on the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities, including its nol carryforwards, and as a result, remeasured those nol carryforwards as of the date of enactment of the tcja based on this tax rate change.
our federal nol carryforwards will begin to expire in 2028, and our state nol carryforwards began to expire in 2019 and will continue to expire through 2038. we expect to fully utilize our federal nol balance before it expires, and our ability to do so is primarily dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient taxable income. we have, in the past, been unable to utilize certain of our state nol carryforwards, and the establishment or increase of a valuation allowance in the future would reduce our deferred income tax assets and our net income.
our actual results may differ from those estimated by management in making its assessment as to our ability to use the nol carryforwards. moreover, adoption of related interpretations with respect to the tcja and other changes in income tax laws, the economy and the general business environment could affect the future utilization of our nol carryforwards. if we are unable to fully utilize our nol carryforwards to offset taxable income generated in the future, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
we have recorded a significant amount of goodwill, and we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets, causing us to record impairments that may negatively affect our results of operations.
our total assets include $1.5 billion of goodwill at december 31, 2019. the goodwill is primarily associated with the acquisition of american water by an affiliate of our previous owner in 2003, the acquisition of e'town corporation by a predecessor to our previous owner in 2001 and our acquisition of pivotal in 2018. goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price the purchaser paid over the fair value of the net tangible and other intangible assets acquired. goodwill is recorded at fair value on the date of an acquisition and is reviewed annually or more frequently if changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. as required by the applicable accounting rules, we have taken significant non-cash charges to operating results for goodwill impairments in the past.
we may be required to recognize an impairment of goodwill in the future due to market conditions or other factors related to our performance or the performance of an acquired business. these market conditions could include a decline over a period of time of our stock price, a decline over a period of time in valuation multiples of comparable water utilities, market price performance of our common stock that compares unfavorably to our peer companies, decreases in control premiums, or other circumstances. for example, in the third quarter of 2018, prior to our sale of keystone, we strategically narrowed the scope of that business and, as a result, we recorded a non-cash, pre-tax impairment charge of $57 million. see note 8-goodwill and other intangible assets in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
a decline in the results forecasted in our business plan due to events such as changes in rate case results, capital investment budgets or interest rates, could also result in an impairment charge. recognition of impairments of goodwill would result in a charge to income in the period in which the impairment occurred, which may negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and total capitalization. the effects of any such impairment could be material and could make it more difficult to maintain our credit ratings, secure financing on attractive terms, maintain compliance with debt covenants and meet the expectations of our regulators.
market volatility and other conditions may impact the value of benefit plan assets and liabilities, as well as assumptions related to the benefit plans, which may require us to provide significant additional funding.
the performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy significant future obligations under our pension and postretirement benefit plans. the value of these assets is subject to market fluctuations and volatility, which may cause investment returns to fall below our projected return rates. a decline in the market value of the pension and postretirement benefit plan assets can increase the funding requirements under our pension and postretirement benefit plans. additionally, our pension and postretirement benefit plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. if interest rates decrease, our liabilities would increase, potentially increasing benefit expense and funding requirements. further, changes in demographics, such as increases in life expectancy assumptions and increasing trends in health care costs may also increase our funding requirements. future increases in pension and other postretirement costs as a result of reduced plan assets may not be fully recoverable in rates, in which case our results of operations and financial position could be negatively affected.
in addition, market factors can affect assumptions we use in determining funding requirements with respect to our pension and postretirement plans. for example, a relatively modest change in our assumptions regarding discount rates can materially affect our calculation of funding requirements. to the extent that market data compels us to reduce the discount rate used in our assumptions, our benefit obligations could be materially increased, which could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
new accounting standards or changes to existing accounting standards could materially impact how we report our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap. the sec, the financial accounting standards board or other authoritative bodies or governmental entities may issue new pronouncements or new interpretations of existing accounting standards that may require us to change our accounting policies. these changes are beyond our control, can be difficult to predict and could materially impact how we report our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which could also adversely affect our previously reported results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
undetected errors in internal controls and information reporting could result in the disallowance of cost recovery and noncompliant disclosure.
our internal controls, accounting policies and practices and internal information systems are designed to enable us to capture and process transactions and information in a timely and accurate manner in compliance with gaap, taxation requirements, federal securities laws and regulations and other laws and regulations applicable to us. such compliance permits us to, among other things, disclose and report financial and other information in connection with the recovery of our costs and with the reporting requirements under federal securities, tax and other laws and regulations.
we have implemented corporate governance, internal control and accounting policies and procedures in connection with the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 (the "sarbanes-oxley act") and relevant sec rules, as well as other applicable regulations. such internal controls and policies have been and continue to be closely monitored by our management and board of directors to ensure continued compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting and is required to assess annually the effectiveness of these controls. while we believe these controls, policies, practices and systems are adequate to verify data integrity, unanticipated and unauthorized actions of employees or temporary lapses in internal controls due to shortfalls in oversight or resource constraints could lead to undetected errors that could result in the disallowance of cost recovery and non-compliant disclosure and reporting. the consequences of these events could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. the inability of management to certify as to the effectiveness of these controls due to the identification of one or more material weaknesses in these controls could also harm our reputation, increase financing costs or adversely affect our or awcc's ability to access the capital markets.
additional risks related to our market-based businesses we (excluding our regulated subsidiaries) provide performance guarantees with respect to certain obligations of our market-based businesses, including financial guarantees or deposits, to our public-sector and public clients, and these clients may seek to enforce the guarantees if our market-based businesses do not satisfy these obligations.
under the terms of some of our agreements for the provision of services to water and wastewater facilities with municipalities, other governmental entities and other customers, american water (excluding our regulated subsidiaries) provides guarantees of specified performance obligations of our market-based businesses, including financial guarantees or deposits, primarily related to msg. in the event our market-based businesses fail to perform these obligations, the entity holding the guarantees may seek to enforce the performance commitments against american water (excluding our regulated subsidiaries) or proceed against the deposit. in that event, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and liquidity could be adversely affected.
at december 31, 2019, we had remaining performance commitments as measured by remaining contract revenue totaling approximately $5.4 billion related to msg's contracts, and this amount is likely to increase if the number of bases served by msg increases. the presence of these commitments may adversely affect our financial condition and make it more difficult for us to secure financing on attractive terms.
our market-based businesses' operations under msg are subject to various risks associated with doing business with the u.s. government.
msg enters into contracts with the u.s. government for the operation and maintenance of water and wastewater systems, which contracts may be terminated, in whole or in part, prior to the end of the 50-year term for convenience of the u.s. government or as a result of default or non-performance by the subsidiary performing the contract. in addition, the contract price for each of these military contracts is typically subject to either an annual economic price adjustment, or a redetermination two years after commencement of operations and every three years thereafter. annual economic price adjustment is an inflation index-based contract price increase mechanism. price redetermination is a contract mechanism to periodically adjust the service fee in the next period to reflect changes in contract obligations and anticipated market conditions. any early contract termination or unfavorable annual economic price adjustment or price redetermination could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
moreover, entering into contracts with the u.s. government subjects us to a number of operational and compliance risks, including dependence on the level of government spending and compliance with and changes in governmental procurement and security regulations. we are subject to potential government investigations of our business practices and compliance with government procurement and security regulations, which are complex, and compliance with these regulations can be expensive and burdensome. if we were charged with wrongdoing as a result of an investigation, we could be suspended or barred from bidding on or receiving awards of new contracts with the u.s. government or our existing contracts could be terminated, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations, estimates and projections about the company's business, operations and financial performance. the cautionary statements made in this form 10-k should be read as applying to all related forward-looking statements whenever they appear in this form 10-k. the company's actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in such forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those that are discussed under "forward-looking statements," item 1a-risk factors and elsewhere in this form 10-k. the company has a disclosure committee consisting of members of senior management and other key employees involved in the preparation of the company's sec reports. the committee is actively involved in the review and discussion of the company's sec filings. for a discussion and analysis of the company's financial statements for fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017, please refer to item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018, filed with the sec on february 19, 2019.
overview american water is the largest and most geographically diverse, publicly-traded water and wastewater utility company in the united states, as measured by both operating revenues and population served. the company employs approximately 6,800 professionals who provide drinking water, wastewater and other related services to approximately 15 million people in 46 states. the company's primary business involves the ownership of utilities that provide water and wastewater services to residential, commercial, industrial, public authority, fire service and sale for resale customers, collectively presented as the "regulated businesses." the company's utilities operate in approximately 1,700 communities in 16 states in the united states, with over 3.4 million active customers with services provided by its water and wastewater networks. services provided by the company's utilities are generally subject to regulation by pucs. the company also operates market-based businesses that provide complementary services to residential and smaller commercial customers, the u.s. government on military installations, as well as municipalities, utilities and industrial customers, collectively presented as the "market-based businesses." these market-based businesses are not subject to regulation by state pucs. see item 1-business for additional information.
financial results presented in the table below are the company's diluted earnings per share, as determined in accordance with gaap, and the company's adjusted diluted earnings per share (a non-gaap measure):
for the years ended december 31,
freedom industries settlement activities            (0.02     )           (0.11    )        (0.12     )
net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest    -                     (0.01    )        -
for the year ended december 31, 2019, diluted earnings per share (gaap) were $3.43, an increase of $0.28 per diluted share compared to the prior year, which includes the net adjustments presented in the table above and discussed in greater detail in the "adjustments to gaap" section below.
excluding the net adjustments presented in the table above, adjusted diluted earnings per share (non-gaap) were $3.61 for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of $0.31 per diluted share compared to the prior year.
these results were driven by continued growth in the regulated businesses from infrastructure investment, acquisitions and organic growth, and growth in the market-based businesses, primarily from hos's 2018 acquisition of pivotal and from msg's addition of two new military contracts in 2018 (wright-patterson air force base and fort leonard wood).
adjustments to gaap adjusted diluted earnings per share represents a non-gaap financial measure and, as shown in the table above, is calculated as gaap diluted earnings per share, excluding the impact of one or more of the following events: (i) a loss on the sale in the fourth quarter of 2019 of the keystone operations; (ii) previously reported settlement activities related to the freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia; (iii) a gain recognized in the third quarter of 2018 on the sale of the majority of csg's o&m contracts; (iv) a goodwill and intangible impairment charge in the third quarter of 2018 related to the keystone operations; (v) an early extinguishment of debt charge at parent company in the third quarter of 2017; and (vi) non-cash re-measurement charges recorded in the fourth quarters of 2017 and 2018 resulting from the impact of the change in the federal corporate income tax rate on the company's deferred income taxes from the enactment of the tcja.
the company believes that this non-gaap measure provides investors with useful information by excluding certain matters that may not be indicative of its ongoing operating results, and that providing this non-gaap measure will allow investors to better understand the businesses' operating performance and facilitate a meaningful year-to-year comparison of the company's results of operations. although management uses this non-gaap financial measure internally to evaluate its results of operations, the company does not intend results reflected by this non-gaap measure to represent results as defined by gaap, and the reader should not consider them as indicators of performance. this non-gaap financial measure is derived from the company's consolidated financial information but is not presented in the financial statements prepared in accordance with gaap. this measure should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. in addition, this non-gaap financial measure as defined and used above, may not be comparable to similarly titled non-gaap measures used by other companies, and, accordingly, may have significant limitations on its use.
growth-through capital investment in infrastructure and regulated acquisitions, as well as strategic growth opportunities in the market-based businesses the company expects to continue to grow its businesses, with the majority of its growth to be achieved in the regulated businesses through (i) continued capital investment in the company's infrastructure to provide safe, clean, reliable and affordable water and wastewater services to its customers, and (ii) regulated acquisitions to expand the company's services to new customers. the company also expects to continue to grow the market-based businesses, which leverages its core water and wastewater competencies. in 2019, the company invested $1.9 billion, primarily in the regulated businesses, as discussed below:
regulated businesses growth and optimization
•   $1.7 billion capital investment in the regulated businesses, the majority for infrastructure improvements and replacements.
•   $235 million to fund acquisitions in the regulated businesses, which added approximately 53,100 water and wastewater customers.
•   the company has entered into agreements for pending acquisitions in the regulated businesses to add approximately 44,200 customers.
on november 20, 2019, the company and its new york subsidiary entered into a stock purchase agreement with liberty utilities co. ("liberty"), pursuant to which liberty will purchase all of the capital stock of the new york subsidiary (the "stock purchase") for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $608 million in cash, subject to adjustment as provided in that agreement. the new york subsidiary includes all of the water and wastewater assets of the company's new york regulated utility operations, with approximately 125,000 customer connections in the state of new york. algonquin power & utilities corp., liberty's parent company, executed and delivered an absolute and unconditional guaranty of the performance of all of liberty's obligations under the stock purchase agreement.
the stock purchase is subject to various conditions, including obtaining regulatory approval, the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the u.s. hart-scott-rodino antitrust law and other customary closing conditions. the stock purchase agreement may be terminated by either party if the stock purchase is not completed by june 30, 2021, subject to extension for up to six months if all of the conditions to closing have been met, other than obtaining regulatory approvals. liberty may also terminate the stock purchase agreement if any governmental authority initiates a condemnation or eminent domain proceeding against a majority of the consolidated properties of the new york subsidiary, taken as a whole. the company currently estimates that the stock purchase is to be completed by early 2021. accordingly, the assets and related liabilities of the new york subsidiary were classified as held for sale on the consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2019. see note 4-acquisitions and divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
market-based businesses growth and optimization during january 2020, hos was selected by the san francisco public utilities commission ("sfpuc") to offer optional water line and sewer line protection services to homeowners across the city and county of san francisco. this arrangement provides over 100,000 eligible san francisco homeowners, served by the sfpuc, the opportunity to purchase optional protection plans from the company for the water line that runs from a residential property to the connection with the water meter and the sewer line that runs from the residential property to the sewer main.
msg was awarded contracts for ownership, operation and maintenance of the water and wastewater systems at joint base san antonio in texas, effective september 26, 2019, and the united states military academy at west point, new york, effective september 30, 2019. highlights of these contract awards are detailed below:
•   joint base san antonio is comprised of randolph air force base, fort sam houston, camp bullis and lackland air force base. the installation spans 46,539 acres, across 11 geographically separated parcels of land. the contract award includes estimated revenues of approximately $448 million over a 50-year period, subject to an annual economic price adjustment.
•   the united states military academy is located at west point, new york, the oldest continuously operated army post in the united states. the institution's campus, central post and training areas expand across nearly 16,000 acres, and is home to a student body of approximately 4,400 cadets. the total contract award includes estimated revenues of approximately $519 million over a 50-year period, subject to an annual economic price adjustment.
on december 12, 2019, as part of a strategic review undertaken by the company, the company sold all of its interest in its keystone operations to a natural gas and oil industry investment group, for total cash consideration of $31 million, subject to adjustment based on post-closing working capital. as a result of the sale, the company recorded a pre-tax loss on sale of $44 million, or $35 million after-tax, during the fourth quarter of 2019, as discussed above. see note 4-acquisitions and divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
future growth looking forward, the company expects to invest between $8.8 billion to $9.4 billion from 2020 to 2024, and between $20 billion to $22 billion from 2020 to 2029, including a range of $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion in 2020. the company's expected future investments include:
•   capital investment for infrastructure improvements in the regulated businesses of $8.2 billion over the next five years, and between $18.2 billion and $19.2 billion over the next 10 years, including $1.6 billion expected in 2020; and
•   growth from acquisitions in the regulated businesses to expand the company's water and wastewater customer base of between $600 million to $1.2 billion over the next five years, and between $2 billion to $3 billion over the next 10 years, including a range of $100 million to $300 million expected in 2020.
presented in the following chart is the estimated allocation of the company's expected capital investment for infrastructure improvements in its regulated businesses over the next five years, by purpose:
operational excellence the company continues to strive for industry-leading operational efficiency, driven largely by technology. the company's technology investments are aimed at enhancing its customer experience and operational efficiency.
•   the regulated businesses achieved an adjusted o&amp;m efficiency ratio (a non-gaap measure) of 34.5% for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to 35.6% and 35.3% for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the improvement in the company's adjusted o&amp;m efficiency ratio in 2019, when compared to 2018, was due to an increase in operating revenues as well as continued focus on operating costs of the regulated businesses;
•   the company worked to decrease costs and deploy capital efficiently, including using trenchless technologies for pipeline rehabilitation and leveraging its buying power and strategic sourcing to drive cost savings;
•   the company continued its commitment to water quality and the environment by leveraging new technologies; the company now has advanced water quality sensors at all of its major drinking water intake sites and is automating its environmental reporting and compliance systems; and
•   the company implemented other technology tools that will enhance communication, collaboration and mobility, enable further business insights and process automation, and increase self-service capabilities, to help its employees work safely and efficiently, and enhance the customer experience.
•   looking forward, the company will focus on technology and efficiency to:
•   be the leader in optimizing technology across the water and wastewater industry, with a focus on specific, innovative projects that will set it apart from other utilities; aiding the company in serving its customers with greater ease, making the company's employees safer and helping the company operate more efficiently; and
•   further improve the company's adjusted o&amp;m efficiency ratio.
the company's adjusted o&m efficiency ratio is defined as its operation and maintenance expenses from the regulated businesses, divided by the pro forma operating revenues from the regulated businesses, where both operation and maintenance expenses and pro forma operating revenues were adjusted to eliminate purchased water expense. also excluded from operation and maintenance expenses are the allocable portion of non-operation and maintenance support services costs, mainly depreciation and general taxes, which are reflected in the regulated businesses segment as operation and maintenance expenses, but for consolidated financial reporting purposes, are categorized within other line items in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.
in addition to the adjustments discussed above, for period-to-period comparability purposes, the estimated impact of the tcja on operating revenues for the regulated businesses has been presented on a pro forma basis for all periods prior to january 1, 2018, as if the lower federal corporate income tax rate was in effect for these periods. the company also made the following adjustments to the o&m efficiency ratio: (i) excluded from operation and maintenance expenses is the impact of certain freedom industries chemical spill settlement activities recognized in 2017, 2018 and 2019 (see note 16-commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information); and (ii) excluded from operation and maintenance expenses is the impact of the company's january 1, 2018 adoption of accounting standards update 2017-07, improving the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic post-retirement benefit cost ("asu 2017-07"), for 2017, 2018 and 2019. the items discussed above were excluded from the calculation as they are not reflective of management's ability to increase the efficiency of the regulated businesses.
the company evaluates its operating performance using this ratio, and believes it is useful to investors, because it directly measures improvement in the efficiency of the regulated businesses. this information is derived from the company's consolidated financial information but is not presented in its financial statements prepared in accordance with gaap. this information is intended to enhance an investor's overall understanding of the company's operating performance. the company's adjusted o&m efficiency ratio is not an accounting measure that is based on gaap, may not be comparable to other companies' operating measures and should not be used in place of the gaap information provided elsewhere in this form 10-k.
presented in the table below is the calculation of the company's adjusted o&m efficiency ratio and a reconciliation that compares operation and maintenance expenses and operating revenues, each as determined in accordance with gaap, to those amounts utilized in the calculation of its adjusted o&m efficiency ratio:
for the years ended december 31,
operation and maintenance expenses-market-based businesses                   393                   362                   337
total operation and maintenance expenses-regulated businesses (a)          1,182                 1,159                 1,076
allocation of non-operation and maintenance expenses                          31                    31                    29
impact of freedom industries settlement activities (b)                        (4    )              (20    )              (22    )
adjusted operation and maintenance expenses-regulated businesses (i)      $1,020                $1,015                  $941
pro forma adjustment for impact of the tcja (c)                                -                     -                   166
total pro forma operating revenues                                         3,610                 3,440                 3,191
operating revenues-market-based businesses                                   539                   476                   422
total operating revenues-regulated businesses                              3,094                 2,984                 2,792
adjusted operating revenues-regulated businesses (ii)                     $2,959                $2,851                $2,664
adjusted o&amp;m efficiency ratio-regulated businesses (i) / (ii)           34.5    %             35.6    %             35.3    %
(a)   includes the impact of the company's adoption of asu 2017-07, compensation - retirement benefits (topic 715): improving the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic post-retirement benefit, on january 1, 2018.
(b)   includes the impact of settlements in 2017 and 2018 with two of the company's general liability insurance carriers, and a reduction in the first quarter of 2019 of a liability, each related to the freedom industries chemical spill.
(c)   includes the estimated impact of the tcja on operating revenues for the regulated businesses for all periods presented prior to january 1, 2018, as if the lower federal corporate income tax rate was in effect for these periods.
regulatory matters general rate cases presented in the table below are annualized incremental revenues, assuming a constant water sales volume, resulting from general rate case authorizations that became effective during 2017 through 2019:
california (b)                                    4                10               5
(a)   the company's indiana subsidiary received an order approving a joint settlement agreement with all major parties with respect to its general rate case filing, authorizing annualized incremental revenues of $4 million in the first rate year, effective july 1, 2019, and $13 million in the second rate year, effective approximately may 1, 2020.
(b)   the company's california subsidiary received approval for the second rate year (2019) step increase associated with its most recent general rate case authorization, effective may 11, 2019. on december 13, 2018, a settlement in this subsidiary's general rate case filing was approved, authorizing rates effective january 1, 2018. in 2017, step rates were effective january 13 through february 2.
(c)   the company's new york subsidiary implemented its third step increase associated with its most recent general rate case authorization, effective april 1, 2019.
(d)   the effective date was june 15, 2018. as part of the resolution of the general rate case, the company's new jersey subsidiary's customers received refunds for the amount of provisional rates implemented as of june 15, 2018 and collected, to the extent that such rates exceeded the final rate increase plus interest.
on november 12, 2019, the company's california subsidiary filed for the third year (2020) step increase requesting $5 million associated with its most recent general case authorization. step rates became effective on january 1, 2020, subject to refund. as of february 14, 2020, five of the seven districts' step increases were approved representing $4 million of the $5 million request.
on july 1, 2019, the company's california subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting $26 million annualized incremental revenues for 2021, and increases of $10 million and $11 million in the escalation year of 2022 and the attrition year of 2023, respectively. on january 22, 2020, the company's california subsidiary submitted a request to delay by one year its cost of capital filing and maintain its current authorized cost of capital through 2021. if the extension is not granted, the subsidiary may file the cost of capital application by may 1, 2020 to adjust its authorized cost of capital beginning january 1, 2021.
infrastructure surcharges a number of states have authorized the use of regulatory mechanisms that permit rates to be adjusted outside of a general rate case for certain costs and investments, such as infrastructure surcharge mechanisms that permit recovery of capital investments to replace aging infrastructure. presented in the table below are annualized incremental revenues, assuming a constant water sales volume, resulting from infrastructure surcharge authorizations that became effective during 2017 through 2019:
infrastructure surcharges by state:
total infrastructure surcharge authorizations                                      $53             $21             $33
presented in the table below are annualized incremental revenues, assuming a constant water sales volume, resulting from infrastructure surcharge authorizations that became effective after january 1, 2020:
(in millions)                                      amount infrastructure surcharge filings by state:
total infrastructure surcharge filings           $30
pending infrastructure surcharge filings on november 15, 2019, the company's tennessee subsidiary filed for an infrastructure surcharge requesting $2 million in additional annualized revenues. there is no assurance that all or any portion of this request will be granted.
tax matters tax cuts and jobs act on december 22, 2017, the tcja was signed into law, which, among other things, enacted significant and complex changes to the code, including a reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% as of january 1, 2018, and certain other provisions related specifically to the public utility industry, including continuation of interest expense deductibility, the exclusion from utilizing bonus depreciation and the normalization of deferred income taxes. in 2018, the company's 14 regulatory jurisdictions began to seek to address the impacts of the tcja. the company has adjusted customer rates to reflect the lower income tax rate in 11 states. in one of those 11 states, a portion of the tax savings is being used to reduce certain regulatory assets. in one additional state, the company is using the tax savings to offset additional capital investment and to reduce a regulatory asset. proceedings in the other two regulatory jurisdictions remain pending.
the enactment of the tcja required a re-measurement of the company's deferred income taxes that materially impacted its 2017 results of operations and financial position. the portion of this re-measurement related to the regulated businesses was substantially offset by a regulatory liability, as the company believes it is probable that the excess accumulated deferred income taxes ("eadit") created by the tcja will be used to benefit its regulated customers in future rates. six of the company's regulated subsidiaries are amortizing eadit and crediting customers, including one which is using the eadit to offset future infrastructure investments. the company expects the timing of the amortization of eadit credits by the eight remaining regulated subsidiaries to be addressed in pending or future rate cases or other proceedings.
on march 23, 2018, the consolidated appropriations act of 2018 (the "caa") was signed into law. the caa corrects and clarifies some aspects of the tcja related to bonus depreciation eligibility. specifically, property that was either acquired, or as to which construction began prior to september 27, 2017, is eligible for bonus depreciation. the company had a federal nol carryover balance as of december 31, 2019 that is not expected to be fully utilized until 2020, which is when the company expects that it will become a cash taxpayer for federal income tax purposes.
legislative updates in illinois, the governor signed a 10-year extension of the water systems viability act, illinois' fair market value legislation, in 2018, which became effective in 2019. in addition to extending the act, the updated law removes the previous restriction on the size of water or wastewater systems that can be acquired and allows all municipalities to take advantage of the benefits of the program.
during 2019, the company's regulatory jurisdictions enacted the following legislation that has been approved and is effective as of december 31, 2019:
•   indiana senate enrolled act 472 allows non-municipal utilities to benefit from full appraisal recovery of their assets in a sale.
•   indiana house enrolled act 1406 established the first state appropriation for water infrastructure investment at $20 million per year.
•   indiana senate enrolled act 4 extends leveling legislation to require biannual water loss audits and establishes the state revolving fund administrator as the central coordinator for water issues in the state.
•   in pennsylvania, house bill 751, now act 53 of 2019, allows water and wastewater utilities responsible for funding the income taxes on taxable contributions and advances to record the income taxes paid in accumulated deferred income taxes for accounting and ratemaking purposes.
•   in west virginia, house bill 117 allows qualified low income customers to apply for a 20% discount on their wastewater bill.
for the years ended december 31,
loss (gain) on asset dispositions and purchases           34                   (20    )              (16    )
non-operating benefit costs, net                          16                    20                    (9    )
income before income taxes                               833                   787                   912
provision for income taxes                               212                   222                   486
net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest           -                    (2    )                -
the main factors contributing to the $54 million increase in net income attributable to common shareholders for the year ended december 31, 2019 are described in "segment results of operations" below.
segment results of operations the company's operating segments are comprised of the revenue-generating components of its business for which separate financial information is internally produced and regularly used by management to make operating decisions, assess performance and allocate resources. the company operates its business primarily through one reportable segment, the regulated businesses segment. the company also operates market-based businesses that, individually, do not meet the criteria of a reportable segment in accordance with gaap, and are collectively presented as the market-based businesses, which is consistent with how management assesses the results of these businesses.
regulated businesses segment presented in the table below is financial information for the regulated businesses:
for the years ended december 31,
(gain) on asset dispositions and purchases             (10    )               (7    )              (16    )
income before income taxes                             869                   826                   925
provision for income taxes                             215                   224                   367
operating revenues presented in the tables below is information regarding the main components of the regulated businesses' operating revenues, with explanations for the material variances provided in the ensuing discussions:
for the years ended december 31,
(a)   includes other operating revenues consisting primarily of miscellaneous utility charges, fees and rents.
for the years ended december 31,
•   $132 million increase from authorized rate increases, including infrastructure surcharges, principally to fund infrastructure investment in various states; a
•   $20 million increase from water and wastewater acquisitions, as well as organic growth in existing systems; partially offset by a
•   $24 million decrease from lower water services demand, including $10 million primarily driven by unusually wet weather conditions experienced in the northeast and midwest during the second quarter of 2019 and ongoing customer usage reductions from conservation, partially offset by balancing accounts, primarily in the company's california subsidiary; and a
•   $17 million decrease from the impacts of the tcja, including the company's missouri subsidiary's 2018 general rate case decision which authorized the adjustment of customer rates, effective may 28, 2018, to reflect the income tax savings resulting from the tcja.
operation and maintenance presented in the table below is information regarding the main components of the regulated businesses' operating and maintenance expense, with explanations for material variances provided in the ensuing discussions:
for the years ended december 31,
production costs                          $317                  $313                  $298
employee-related costs                     462                   451                   431
customer billing and accounting             55                    60                    51
production costs for the years ended december 31,
employee-related costs for the years ended december 31,
other benefits               27                  26                  26
in 2019, employee-related costs increased $11 million primarily due to a $17 million increase in salaries and wages and group insurance from higher headcount and related compensation expense supporting growth in the businesses, as well as the union-represented employees' first full year participation in the company's cash-based annual performance plan during 2019; partially offset by a $7 million decrease in pension expense primarily due to lower service costs.
operating supplies and services in 2019, operating supplies and services increased $10 million primarily due to higher costs for technology services, including higher software licensing costs and technical support, and expenses related to various projects in the company's california subsidiary, as well as an increase in other operating expenses.
maintenance materials and supplies in 2019, maintenance materials and supplies decreased $7 million primarily due to higher volume of main breaks and paving costs, driven by the colder weather experienced during the first quarter of 2018.
customer billing and accounting in 2019, customer billing and accounting decreased $5 million from a decrease in customer uncollectible expense.
in 2019, other (operation and maintenance) increased $10 million primarily due to a $20 million benefit recorded in the second quarter of 2018, resulting from an insurance settlement related to the freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia, offset in part by (i) a $4 million reduction to the liability related to the freedom industries chemical spill, recorded in the first quarter of 2019, and (ii) an increase in operating revenues and o&m expense during 2018 resulting from the authorization for the company's west virginia subsidiary to use a portion of the income tax savings resulting from the tcja for accelerated recovery of certain regulatory assets.
depreciation and amortization in 2019, depreciation and amortization increased $29 million primarily due to additional utility plant placed in service from investments.
in 2019, other income (expenses) decreased $15 million primarily due to an increase in interest expense from the issuance of incremental long-term debt in the second quarter of 2019 and the third quarter of 2018 to support growth of the business, partially offset by interest savings from early debt redemptions and tax-exempt bond refinancings during 2019.
provision for income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2019, the company's provision for income taxes decreased primarily due to a lower effective income tax rate.
market-based businesses presented in the table below is information for the market-based businesses, with explanations for material variances provided in the ensuing discussions:
for the years ended december 31,
loss (gain) on asset dispositions and purchases         44                 (13    )              -
income before income taxes                              66                  41                  66
provision for income taxes                              20                  11                  28
net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest         -                  (2    )              -
•   $74 million increase in hos from contract growth and from the acquisition of pivotal, which occurred in the second quarter of 2018; and a
•   $20 million increase in msg from the addition of two new contracts in 2018 (wright-patterson air force base and fort leonard wood); partially offset by a
•   $18 million decrease in csg from the sale of the majority of its o&amp;m contracts in the third quarter of 2018; and a
•   $15 million decrease at keystone from the exit of the construction business in the third quarter of 2018.
operation and maintenance presented in the table below is information regarding the main components of the market-based businesses' operating and maintenance expense, with explanations for the material variances provided in the ensuing discussions:
for the years ended december 31,
production costs                         $29                 $32                 $37
employee-related costs                   109                 104                  97
•   $5 million increase in employee-related costs primarily in hos and msg due to growth in the business, partially offset by lower costs resulting from the sale of the majority of csg's o&amp;m contracts and the exit of the construction business at keystone, both occurring during the third quarter of 2018; partially offset by a
•   $14 million decrease in operating supplies and services primarily due to the exit of the construction business in the third quarter of 2018 at keystone, higher advertising and marketing expense in hos in 2018, and lower expenses due to the sale of the majority of csg's o&amp;m contracts during the third quarter of 2018, as discussed above.
depreciation and amortization in 2019, depreciation and amortization increased $8 million primarily due to the acquisition of pivotal in the second quarter of 2018.
loss (gain) on asset dispositions and purchases during the fourth quarter of 2019, the company recognized a pre-tax loss on sale of $44 million, or $35 million after-tax, relating to the sale of its keystone operations. see note 4-acquisitions and divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information. additionally, during the third quarter of 2018, the company recognized a pre-tax gain of $14 million on the sale of the majority of csg's o&m contracts.
impairment charge during the third quarter of 2018, a goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge of $57 million was recorded for keystone, the result of operational and financial challenges encountered in the construction business, and the company's determination to narrow the scope of the keystone operations to focus on its core operations of providing water transfer services. see note 8-goodwill and other intangible assets in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
provision for income taxes in 2019, provision for income taxes increased $9 million primarily due to an increase in pre-tax income.
liquidity and capital resources the company regularly evaluates and monitors its cash requirements for capital investments, acquisitions, operations, commitments, debt maturities, interest and dividends. the company's business is capital intensive, with a majority of this capital funded by cash flows from operations. when necessary, the company also obtains funds from external sources, primarily in the debt markets and through short-term commercial paper borrowings. the company may also access the equity capital markets to support its capital funding requirements, as needed. the company's access to external financing on reasonable terms depends on its credit ratings and current business conditions, including that of the utility and water utility industry in general, as well as conditions in the debt or equity capital markets, and the national and international economic and geopolitical arenas. disruptions in the credit markets may discourage lenders from extending the terms of such commitments or agreeing to new commitments. market disruptions may also limit the company's ability to issue debt and equity securities in the capital markets.
if these business, market, financial and other conditions deteriorate to the extent that the company is no longer able to access the capital markets on reasonable terms, awcc has access to an unsecured revolving credit facility that expires in march 2024 with aggregate bank commitments of $2.25 billion. the facility is used principally to fulfill its short-term liquidity needs by supporting awcc's $2.10 billion commercial paper program and to provide a sublimit of up to $150 million for letters of credit. subject to satisfying certain conditions, the credit agreement permits awcc to increase the maximum commitment under the facility by up to $500 million.
in order to meet short-term liquidity needs, awcc issues commercial paper that is supported by its revolving credit facility. as of december 31, 2019, awcc had no outstanding borrowings and $76 million of outstanding letters of credit under its revolving credit facility, with $2.25 billion available to fulfill its short-term liquidity needs, to issue letters of credit, and to provide support for $786 million in outstanding commercial paper. the company believes that its ability to access the debt and equity capital markets, the revolving credit facility and cash flows from operations will generate sufficient cash to fund the company's short-term requirements. the company believes it has sufficient liquidity and the ability to manage its expenditures, should there be a disruption of the capital and credit markets. however, there can no assurance that the lenders will be able to meet existing commitments to awcc under the revolving credit facility, or that awcc will be able to access the commercial paper or loan markets in the future on acceptable terms or at all. see "credit facilities and short-term debt" below for additional information.
in addition, the regulated businesses receive advances and contributions from customers, home builders and real estate developers to fund construction necessary to extend service to new areas. advances for construction are refundable for limited periods, which vary according to state regulations, as new customers begin to receive service or other contractual obligations are fulfilled. amounts which are no longer refundable are reclassified to contributions in aid of construction.
the company uses its capital resources, including cash, primarily to (i) fund operating and capital requirements, (ii) pay interest and meet debt maturities, (iii) pay dividends, (iv) fund acquisitions, (v) fund pension and postretirement benefit obligations, and (vi) the company estimates, during 2020, to begin to pay federal income taxes. the company invests a significant amount of cash on regulated capital projects where it expects to earn a long-term return on investment. additionally, the company operates in rate regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited, and where such recovery generally takes place over an extended period of time, and certain capital recovery is also subject to regulatory lag. see item 1-business-regulated businesses-regulation and rate making for additional information. the company expects to fund future maturities of long-term debt through a combination of external debt and, to the extent available, cash flows from operations. since the company expects its capital investments over the next few years to be greater than its cash flows from operating activities, the company currently plans to fund the excess of its capital investments over its cash flows from operating activities for the next five years through a combination of long-term debt and equity. if necessary, the company may delay certain capital investments or other funding requirements, or pursue financing from other sources to preserve liquidity. in this event, the company believes it can rely upon cash flows from operations to meet its obligations and fund its minimum required capital investments for an extended period of time.
with the enactment of the tcja and the reduction of the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, the company anticipates a decrease in future revenue authorizations associated with the regulated businesses, initially leading to lower cash flows. the company expects this cash flow impact to decline over time, as the regulated businesses' rate base grows, the result of lower deferred income tax liabilities, which offset rate base. the lower deferred income tax liabilities are mainly due to (i) a lower u.s. federal corporate income tax rate, (ii) the normalization (refunding to customers) of the re-measured deferred income tax liabilities over the remaining life of the associated assets, and (iii) the loss of future bonus depreciation deductions on capital projects that began after september 27, 2017.
one component of wifia is a federal credit program administered by the epa for eligible water and wastewater infrastructure projects. the wifia program accelerates investment in the u.s.'s water infrastructure by providing long-term, low-cost supplemental loans for regionally and nationally significant projects. the company is currently pursuing wifia financing of approximately $80 million for a project in the company's missouri subsidiary.
cash flows provided by operating activities cash flows provided by operating activities primarily result from the sale of water and wastewater services and, due to the seasonality of demand, are generally greater during the warmer months. the company's future cash flows provided by operating activities will be affected by, among other things: economic utility regulation inflation; compliance with environmental, health and safety standards; production costs; maintenance costs; customer growth; declining customer usage of water; employee-related costs, including pension funding; weather and seasonality; taxes; and overall economic conditions.
the enactment of the tcja is accretive to the company's consolidated earnings over time through (i) growth in rate base for the same level of expected capital expenditures due to the impact of the lower u.s. federal corporate income tax rate and the re-measurement of its deferred income tax assets and liabilities, (ii) increased earnings in the market-based businesses due to the lower u.s. federal corporate income tax rate, all partially offset by (iii) the lower tax shield on interest expense at parent company, as well as increased debt levels from lower cash flows from operations as the company passes the lower tax rate benefits to its regulated customers. the company believes that it will likely begin paying federal income taxes during 2020, when the company expects its federal nol carryforwards balance will be fully used, although this timing could be impacted by any significant changes in its future results of operations and the outcome of regulatory proceedings regarding the tcja.
cash flows provided by operating activities have been a reliable, steady source of funding, sufficient to meet operating requirements and fund the majority of the company's capital investments. the company expects to seek access to debt and equity capital markets to meet the balance of its capital investment, if any, and fund its dividend payments, as needed. operating cash flows can be negatively affected by changes in the company's rate regulated environments, changes in the market-based businesses, changes in the economy, interest rates, the timing of tax payments, and the company's customers' ability to pay for service in a timely manner, among other items. the company can provide no assurance that its customers' historical payment pattern will continue in the future. the company's current liabilities may exceed current assets mainly from debt maturities due within one year and the periodic use of short-term debt as a funding source, primarily to meet scheduled maturities of long-term debt, fund acquisitions and construction projects, as well as cash needs which can fluctuate significantly due to the seasonality of the business. the company addresses cash timing differences through the aforementioned liquidity funding mechanisms.
presented in the table below is a summary of the major items affecting the company's cash flows provided by operating activities:
for the years ended december 31,
deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits         208                   195                   462
other non-cash activities (a)                                             38                    56                    16
changes in working capital (b)                                            (1    )               30                   123
pension and postretirement healthcare contributions                      (31    )              (22    )              (48    )
impact of freedom industries settlement activities                        (4    )              (40    )              (22    )
net cash flows provided by operating activities                       $1,383                $1,386                $1,449
(a)   includes provision for losses on accounts receivable, loss (gain) on asset dispositions and purchases, pension and non-pension postretirement benefits and other non-cash, net. details of each component can be found on the consolidated statements of cash flows.
(b)   changes in working capital include changes to receivables and unbilled revenues, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and other current assets and liabilities, net, less the settlement of cash flow hedges.
in 2019, cash flows provided by operating activities decreased $3 million, primarily due to the settlement of cash flow hedges and increased interest costs in connection with the company's $1.10 billion debt offering that closed on may 13, 2019 and an increase in pension contributions. partially offsetting these decreases was an increase in net income. the main factors contributing to the increase in net income are described in "consolidated results of operations" and "segment results of operations" above.
the company expects to make pension contributions to the plan trusts of $38 million in 2020. in addition, the company estimates that contributions will amount to $33 million, $34 million, $34 million and $32 million in 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively. actual amounts contributed could change materially from these estimates as a result of changes in assumptions and actual investment returns, among other factors.
cash flows used in investing activities presented in the table below is a summary of the major items affecting the company's cash flows used in investing activities:
for the years ended december 31,
capital expenditures                                                  $(1,654    )          $(1,586    )          $(1,434    )
acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                       (235    )             (398    )             (177    )
proceeds from sale of assets                                               48                    35                    15
removal costs from property, plant and equipment retirements, net        (104    )              (87    )              (76    )
net cash flows used in investing activities                           $(1,945    )          $(2,036    )          $(1,672    )
in 2019, cash flows used in investing activities decreased $91 million primarily due to the acquisition of pivotal for $365 million on june 4, 2018, partially offset by an increase in capital expenditures, principally from incremental investments associated with the replacement and renewal of the company's transmission and distribution infrastructure in the regulated businesses, as discussed below. the company also had an increase of proceeds from sale of assets due to the sale of keystone for $31 million, in the fourth quarter of 2019.
the company's infrastructure investment plan consists of both infrastructure renewal programs, where the company replaces infrastructure, as needed, and major capital investment projects, where the company constructs new water and wastewater treatment and delivery facilities to meet new customer growth and water quality regulations. the company's projected capital expenditures and other investments are subject to periodic review and revision to reflect changes in economic conditions and other factors.
presented in the table below is a summary of the company's historical capital expenditures related to the upgrading of its infrastructure and systems:
for the years ended december 31,
sources of supply                          83                    26                    54
total capital expenditures             $1,654                $1,586                $1,434
in 2019, the company's capital expenditures increased $68 million primarily due to investment in transmission and distribution infrastructure.
the company also grows its business primarily through acquisitions of water and wastewater systems, as well as other water-related services. these acquisitions are complementary to the company's existing business and support continued geographical diversification and growth of its operations. generally, acquisitions are funded initially with short-term debt, and later refinanced with the proceeds from long-term debt, once reflected in rate base.
the following is a summary of the acquisitions and dispositions affecting the company's cash flows from investing activities during 2019:
•   paid $235 million for 21 water and wastewater systems, representing in the aggregate approximately 53,100 customers.
•   received $48 million for the sale of assets, including $31 million from the sale of the keystone operations.
as previously noted, the company expects to invest between $8.8 billion to $9.4 billion from 2020 to 2024, with $8.2 billion of this range for infrastructure improvements in the regulated businesses, and between $20 billion to $22 billion from 2020 to 2029. in 2020, the company expects to invest between a range of $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion in 2020, with $1.6 billion for infrastructure improvements in the regulated businesses. also in 2020, the company expects to invest between $100 million to $300 million for acquisitions in the regulated businesses.
cash flows from financing activities presented in the table below is a summary of the major items affecting the company's cash flows provided by financing activities:
for the years ended december 31,
other financing activities, net (a)                      26                    15                    (4    )
net cash flows provided by financing activities        $494                  $726                  $207
(a)   includes proceeds from issuances of common stock under various employee stock plans and the dividend reinvestment plan, net of taxes paid, advances and contributions for construction, net of refunds, and debt issuance costs and make-whole premiums on early debt redemption.
in 2019, cash flows provided by financing activities decreased $232 million, primarily due to the issuance of common stock in 2018, the proceeds of which were used to finance a portion of the 2018 acquisition of pivotal, as well as an increase in cash used for dividend payments in 2019. awcc issued $1.10 billion of long-term debt as part of its may 13, 2019 debt offering, of which $51 million of the net proceeds was used to repay long-term debt obligations at maturity. net proceeds from the debt offering were also used to repay pre-existing short-term borrowings, which resulted in a net cash outflow for 2019 of $178 million.
the company's financing activities, primarily focused on funding regulated infrastructure expenditures, regulated and market-based acquisitions and payment of dividends. these activities included the issuance of long-term and short-term debt, primarily through awcc and in 2018, included an equity issuance for approximately 50% of the pivotal acquisition. in addition, new infrastructure may be funded with customer advances and contributions in aid of construction, net of refunds, which amounted to $26 million, $21 million and $28 million for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. based on the needs of the regulated businesses and the company, awcc may borrow funds or issue its debt in the capital markets and then, through intercompany loans, provide those borrowings to the regulated businesses and parent company. the regulated businesses and parent company are obligated to pay their portion of the respective principal and interest to awcc, in the amount necessary to enable awcc to meet its debt service obligations. parent company's borrowings are not a source of capital for the regulated businesses, therefore, parent company is not able to recover the interest charges on its debt through regulated water and wastewater rates. as of december 31, 2019, awcc has made long-term fixed rate loans and commercial paper loans to the regulated businesses amounting to $4.8 billion and $675 million, respectively. additionally, as of december 31, 2019, awcc has made long-term fixed rate loans and commercial paper loans to parent company amounting $2.4 billion and $111 million, respectively. as of december 31, 2019, parent company has made long-term fixed rate loans to the market-based businesses amounting to $183 million related to the acquisition of pivotal on june 4, 2018.
on may 13, 2019, awcc completed a $1.10 billion senior unsecured debt offering which included the sale of $550 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.45% senior notes due 2029 and $550 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.15% senior notes due 2049. at the closing of the offering, awcc received, after deduction of underwriting discounts and before deduction of offering expenses, net proceeds of approximately $1.09 billion. awcc used the net proceeds to: (i) lend funds to parent company and its regulated subsidiaries; (ii) repay $25 million principal amount of awcc's 7.21% series i senior notes at maturity on may 19, 2019; (iii) repay $26 million aggregate principal amount of subsidiary debt at maturity during the second quarter of 2019; and (iv) repay awcc's commercial paper obligations, and for general corporate purposes.
on may 6, 2019, the company terminated five forward starting swap agreements with an aggregate notional amount of $510 million, realizing a net loss of $30 million, to be amortized through interest, net over 10 and 30 year periods, in accordance with the terms of the new debt issued on may 13, 2019. no ineffectiveness was recognized on hedging instruments for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018.
during 2019, awcc and certain of the company's subsidiaries also issued tax-exempt bonds at various dates with a total principal amount of $417 million and a weighted average interest rate of 2.5%. the bonds are scheduled to mature in 2039 and contain optional or mandatory redemption dates in 2029. the proceeds from these bonds were used to repay $417 million of tax-exempt bonds with a weighted average interest rate of 5.8% and original maturities in 2039.
one of the principal market risks to which the company is exposed is changes in interest rates. in order to manage the exposure, the company follows risk management policies and procedures, including the use of derivative contracts such as swaps. the company reduces exposure to interest rates by managing commercial paper and debt maturities. the company does not enter into derivative contracts for speculative purposes and does not use leveraged instruments. the derivative contracts entered into are for periods consistent with the related underlying exposures. the company is exposed to the risk that counterparties to derivative contracts will fail to meet their contractual obligations. the company minimizes the counterparty credit risk on these transactions by only dealing with leading, credit-worthy financial institutions, having long-term credit ratings of "a" or better.
in may 2018, parent company and awcc filed with the sec a universal shelf registration statement that enables the company to meet its capital needs through the offer and sale to the public from time to time of an unlimited amount of various types of securities, including american water common stock, preferred stock, and other equity and hybrid securities, and awcc debt securities, all subject to market conditions and demand, general economic conditions, and as applicable, rating status. the shelf registration statement will expire in may 2021. during 2019, 2018 and 2017, $1.10 billion, $1.33 billion, and $1.35 billion, respectively, of debt securities were issued pursuant to this and the company's predecessor registration statement. additionally, during 2018 under this registration statement, the company issued 2.32 million shares of its common stock for aggregate net proceeds of $183 million.
company                             type                                                                  rate         maturity           amount (in millions)
awcc (a) (b)                        private activity bonds and government funded debt-fixed rate         2.45%   2039                             100
other american water subsidiaries   private activity bonds and government funded debt-fixed rate   0.00%-5.00%        2021-2048                   330
(a)   this indebtedness is considered "debt" for purposes of a support agreement between parent company and awcc, which serves as a functional equivalent of a guarantee by parent company of awcc's payment obligations under such indebtedness.
(b)   this indebtedness has a mandatory redemption provision callable in 2029.
presented in the table below are the retirements and redemptions of long-term debt in 2019 through sinking fund provisions, optional redemption or payment at maturity:
company                             type                                                                  rate         maturity           amount (in millions)
awcc                                private activity bonds and government funded debt-fixed rate   1.79%-6.25%        2021-2031                  $101
other american water subsidiaries   private activity bonds and government funded debt-fixed rate   0.00%-6.20%        2019-2048                   333
from time to time and as market conditions warrant, the company may engage in long-term debt retirements through tender offers, open market repurchases or other viable alternatives.
in february 2015, the board of directors authorized an anti-dilutive stock repurchase program to mitigate the dilutive effect of shares issued through the company's dividend reinvestment, employee stock purchase and executive compensation activities. the program allows the company to purchase up to 10 million shares of its outstanding common stock from time to time over an unrestricted period of time in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. the program is conducted in accordance with rule 10b-18 of the exchange act, and, to facilitate these repurchases, the company enters into rule 10b5-1 stock repurchase plans with a third-party broker, which allow the company to repurchase shares of its common stock at times when it otherwise might be prevented from doing so under insider trading laws or because of self-imposed trading blackout periods. subject to applicable regulations, the company may, at its discretion, elect to enter into repurchase transactions or to amend or cancel the program or the stock repurchase parameters, all to manage dilution from the issuance of shares as described above. as of december 31, 2019, the company has repurchased an aggregate of 4,860,000 shares of common stock under this program.
credit facilities and short-term debt awcc has an unsecured revolving credit facility of $2.25 billion that expires in march 2024. in april 2019, awcc and its lenders agreed to extend the termination date of the credit agreement with respect to awcc's revolving credit facility pursuant to its terms from march 2023 to march 2024. subject to satisfying certain conditions, the credit agreement also permits awcc to increase the maximum commitment under the facility by up to an aggregate of $500 million, and to request extensions of its expiration date for up to two, one-year periods, as to which one such extension request remains.
interest rates on advances under the facility are based on a credit spread to the libor rate (or applicable market replacement rate) or base rate in accordance with moody investors service's and standard & poor's financial services' then applicable credit rating on awcc's senior unsecured, non-credit enhanced debt. the facility is used principally to support awcc's commercial paper program and to provide up to $150 million in letters of credit. indebtedness under the facility is considered "debt" for purposes of a support agreement between parent company and awcc, which serves as a functional equivalent of a guarantee by parent company of awcc's payment obligations under the credit facility.
in march 2018, awcc increased the maximum aggregate outstanding amount under its commercial paper program from $1.60 billion to $2.10 billion.
presented in the table below is the aggregate credit facility commitments, letter of credit sublimit under the revolving credit facility and commercial paper limit, as well as the available capacity for each as of december 31, 2019 and 2018:
(in millions)           credit facility commitment        available credit facility capacity            letter of credit sublimit          available letter of credit capacity        commercial paper limit       available commercial paper capacity december 31, 2019                $2,250                                 $2,174                                    $150                                       $74                            $2,100                                $1,314
the weighted average interest rate on awcc short-term borrowings for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 was approximately 2.54% and 2.28%, respectively.
capital structure presented in the table below is the percentage of the company's capitalization represented by the components of its capital structure as of december 31:
total common shareholders' equity                                   39.2   %      40.4   %      41.0   %
long-term debt and redeemable preferred stock at redemption value   55.6   %      52.4   %      49.6   %
the changes in the capital structure between periods were mainly attributable to an increase in long-term debt.
debt covenants the company's debt agreements contain financial and non-financial covenants. to the extent that the company is not in compliance with these covenants, an event of default may occur under one or more debt agreements and the company or its subsidiaries may be restricted in its ability to pay dividends, issue new debt or access the revolving credit facility. the long-term debt indentures contain a number of covenants that, among other things, prohibit or restrict the company from issuing debt secured by the company's assets, subject to certain exceptions. failure to comply with any of these covenants could accelerate repayment obligations.
covenants in certain long-term notes and the revolving credit facility require the company to maintain a ratio of consolidated debt to consolidated capitalization (as defined in the relevant documents) of not more than 0.70 to 1.00. on december 31, 2019, the company's ratio was 0.61 to 1.00 and therefore the company was in compliance with the covenants.
security ratings presented in the table below are long-term and short-term credit ratings and rating outlooks as of february 18, 2020 as issued by the following rating agencies:
securities              moody's investors service   standard &amp; poor's ratings service rating outlook          stable                      stable senior unsecured debt   baa1                        a commercial paper        p-2                         a-1
on june 7, 2019, standard & poor's ratings service affirmed the company's long-term 'a' and short-term 'a-1' credit ratings, with a stable outlook.
on april 1, 2019, moody's investors service changed the company's senior unsecured debt rating to baa1, from a3, with a stable outlook. the company's commercial paper rating remained unchanged.
a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. security ratings are highly dependent upon the ability to generate cash flows in an amount sufficient to service debt and meet investment plans. the company can provide no assurances that its ability to generate cash flows is sufficient to maintain its existing ratings. none of the company's borrowings are subject to default or prepayment as a result of the downgrading of these security ratings, although such a downgrading could increase fees and interest charges under its credit facility.
as part of its normal course of business, the company routinely enters into contracts for the purchase and sale of water, energy, chemicals and other services. these contracts either contain express provisions or otherwise permit the company and its counterparties to demand adequate assurance of future performance when there are reasonable grounds for doing so. in accordance with the contracts and applicable contract law, if the company is downgraded by a credit rating agency, especially if such downgrade is to a level below investment grade, it is possible that a counterparty would attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making a demand for adequate assurance of future performance, which could include a demand that the company must provide collateral to secure its obligations. the company does not expect to post any collateral which will have a material adverse impact on the company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
access to the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, and respective financing costs in those markets, may be directly affected by the company's securities ratings. the company primarily accesses the debt capital markets, including the commercial paper market, through awcc. however, the company has also issued debt through its regulated subsidiaries, primarily in the form of tax exempt securities or borrowings under state revolving funds, to lower the overall cost of debt.
dividends and regulatory restrictions for discussion of the company's dividends, dividend restrictions and dividend policy, see note 9-shareholders' equity in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
insurance coverage the company carries various property, casualty, cyber and financial insurance policies with limits, deductibles and exclusions that it believes are consistent with industry standards. however, insurance coverage may not be adequate or available to cover unanticipated losses or claims. additionally, annual policy renewals can be impacted by claims experience which in turn can impact coverage terms and conditions on a going-forward basis. the company is self-insured to the extent that losses are within the policy deductible or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. such losses could have a material adverse effect on the company's short-term and long-term financial condition and its results of operations and cash flows.
contractual obligations and commitments the company enters into contractual obligations with third parties in the ordinary course of business. presented in the table below is information related to its contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019:
note   the above table reflects only financial obligations and commitments. therefore, performance obligations associated with the company's market-based businesses are not included in the above amounts. also, uncertain tax positions of $110 million are not reflected in this table as the company cannot predict when open tax years will close with completed examinations. see note 14-income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
(a)   represents sinking fund obligations, debt maturities, finance lease obligations and preferred stocks with mandatory redemption requirements.
(b)   represents expected interest payments on outstanding long-term debt and interest on preferred stock with mandatory redemption requirements. amounts reported may differ from actual due to future financing of debt.
(c)   represents future minimum payments under non-cancelable operating leases, primarily for the lease of motor vehicles, buildings, land and other equipment including water facilities and systems constructed by partners under public-private partnerships. for discussion of the company's public-private partnerships, see note 19-leases in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
(d)   represents future payments under water purchase agreements for minimum quantities of water.
(e)   represents the open purchase orders as of december 31, 2019 for goods and services purchased in the ordinary course of business.
(f)   represents contributions expected to be made to the company's pension plans for the years 2020 through 2024.
(g)   includes an estimate of advances for construction to be refunded, capital expenditures estimated to be required under legal and binding contractual obligations, contracts entered into for energy purchases, a liability associated with a conservation agreement, and service agreements.
performance obligations the company has entered into agreements for the provision of services to water and wastewater facilities for the u.s. military, municipalities and other customers. these obligations are not included in the table above. for discussion of the company's performance obligations see note 3-revenue recognition in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires that management apply accounting policies and make estimates, assumptions and judgments that could affect the company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. actual results could differ from these estimates, assumptions and judgments. management believes that the areas described below require significant judgment in the application of accounting policy or in making estimates and assumptions in matters that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. accordingly, changes in the estimates, assumptions and judgments applied to these accounting policies could have a significant impact on the company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as reflected in the company's consolidated financial statements. management has reviewed the critical accounting polices described below with the company's audit, finance and risk committee, including the estimates, assumptions and judgments used in their application. additional discussion regarding these critical accounting policies and their application can be found in note 2-significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
regulation and regulatory accounting the company's regulated utilities are subject to regulation by pucs and, as such, the company follows the authoritative accounting principles required for rate regulated utilities, which requires the company to reflect the effects of rate regulation in its consolidated financial statements. use of this authoritative guidance is applicable to utility operations that meet the following criteria: (i) third-party regulation of rates; (ii) cost-based rates; and (iii) a reasonable assumption that rates will be set to recover the estimated costs of providing service, plus a return on net investment, or rate base. as of december 31, 2019, the company concluded that the operations of its utilities met the criteria.
application of this authoritative guidance has a further effect on the company's financial statements as it pertains to allowable costs used in the ratemaking process. the company makes significant assumptions and estimates to quantify amounts recorded as regulatory assets and liabilities. such judgments include, but are not limited to, assets and liabilities related to regulated acquisitions, pension and postretirement benefits, depreciation rates and taxes. due to timing and other differences in the collection of revenues, these authoritative accounting principles allow a cost that would otherwise be charged as an expense by a non-regulated entity, to be deferred as a regulatory asset if it is probable that such cost is recoverable through future rates. conversely, the principles require the creation of a regulatory liability for amounts collected in rates to recover costs expected to be incurred in the future, or amounts collected in excess of costs incurred and are refundable to customers.
for each regulatory jurisdiction where the company conducts business, the company assesses, at the end of each reporting period, whether the regulatory assets continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery and regulatory liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future settlement. this assessment includes consideration of factors such as changes in regulatory environments, recent rate orders (including recent rate orders on recovery of a specific or similar incurred cost to other regulated entities in the same jurisdiction) and the status of any pending or potential legislation. if subsequent events indicate that the regulatory assets or liabilities no longer meet the criteria for probable future recovery or probable future settlement, the company's consolidated statements of operations and financial position could be materially affected. in addition, if the company concludes in a future period that a separable portion of the business no longer meets the criteria, the company is required to eliminate the financial statement effects of regulation for that part of the business, which would include the elimination of any or all regulatory assets and liabilities that had been recorded in the consolidated financial statements. failure to meet the criteria of this authoritative guidance could materially impact the company's consolidated financial statements.
on december 22, 2017, the tcja was signed into law, which, among other things, enacted significant and complex changes to the code, including a reduction in the maximum u.s. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% as of january 1, 2018. the tcja created significant excess deferred income taxes that the company and its regulatory jurisdictions believe should be refunded to customers. as such, the company recorded these amounts as regulatory liabilities.
as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, the company's regulatory asset balance was $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively, and its regulatory liability balance was $1.8 billion and $1.9 billion, respectively. see note 7-regulatory assets and liabilities in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the company's significant regulatory assets and liabilities.
revenue recognition revenue from the company's regulated businesses is generated primarily from water and wastewater services delivered to customers. these contracts contain a single performance obligation, the delivery of water or wastewater services, as the promise to transfer the individual good or service is not separately identifiable from other promises within the contracts and, therefore, is not distinct. revenues are recognized over time, as services are provided. there are generally no significant financing components or variable consideration. revenues include amounts billed to customers on a cycle basis, and unbilled amounts calculated based on estimated usage from the date of the meter reading associated with the latest customer bill, to the end of the accounting period. the amounts that the company has a right to invoice are determined by each customer's actual usage, an indicator that the invoice amount corresponds directly to the value transferred to the customer.
increases or decreases in the volumes delivered to customers and rate mix due to changes in usage patterns in customer classes in the period could be significant to the calculation of unbilled revenue. in addition, changes in the timing of meter reading schedules and the number and type of customers scheduled for each meter reading date would also have an effect on the unbilled revenue calculation. unbilled revenue for the company's regulated utilities as of december 31, 2019 and 2018 was $142 million and $144 million, respectively.
the company also recognizes revenue when it is probable that future recovery of previously incurred costs or future refunds that are to be credited to customers will occur through the ratemaking process.
revenue from the company's homeowner services group is generated through various protection programs in which the company provides fixed fee services to domestic homeowners and smaller commercial customers for interior and external water and sewer lines, interior electric and gas lines, heating and cooling systems, water heaters, power surge protection and other related services. most of the contracts have a one-year term and each service is a separate performance obligation, satisfied over time, as the customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits provided from the service. customers are obligated to pay for the protection programs ratably over 12 months or via a one-time, annual fee, with revenues recognized ratably over time for these services. advances from customers are deferred until the performance obligation is satisfied.
the company also has long-term, fixed fee contracts to operate and maintain water and wastewater systems for the u.s. government on various military installations and facilities owned by municipal and industrial customers, and prior to the sale of keystone, the company had shorter-term contracts that provided customized water transfer services for shale natural gas companies and customers. billing and revenue recognition for the fixed fee revenues occurs ratably over the term of the contract, as customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits provided by the company. additionally, these contracts allow the company to make capital improvements to underlying infrastructure, which are initiated through separate modifications or amendments to the original contract, whereby stand-alone, fixed pricing is separately stated for each improvement. the company has determined that these capital improvements are separate performance obligations, with revenue recognized over time based on performance completed at the end of each reporting period. losses on contracts are recognized during the period in which the losses first become probable and estimable. revenues recognized during the period in excess of billings on construction contracts are recorded as unbilled revenues, with billings in excess of revenues recorded as other current liabilities until the recognition criteria are met. changes in contract performance and related estimated contract profitability may result in revisions to costs and revenues, and are recognized in the period in which revisions are determined. unbilled revenue for the market-based businesses as of december 31, 2019 and 2018 was $30 million and $42 million, respectively.
accounting for income taxes significant management judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes, primarily due to the uncertainty related to tax positions taken, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities, valuation allowances and the utilization of nol carryforwards.
in accordance with applicable authoritative guidance, the company accounts for uncertain income tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach, including a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and a measurement approach based on the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. if it is not more-likely-than-not that the benefit of the tax position will be sustained on its technical merits, no benefit is recorded. uncertain tax positions that relate only to timing of when an item is included on a tax return are considered to have met the recognition threshold. management evaluates each position based solely on the technical merits and facts and circumstances of the position, assuming the position will be examined by a taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant information. significant judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of unrecognized tax benefit to be recorded in the consolidated financial statements.
the company evaluates the probability of realizing deferred tax assets quarterly by reviewing a forecast of future taxable income and its intent and ability to implement tax planning strategies, if necessary, to realize deferred tax assets. the company also assesses its ability to utilize tax attributes, including those in the form of carryforwards, for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. the company records valuation allowances for deferred tax assets when it concludes that it is more-likely-than-not such benefit will not be realized in future periods.
under gaap, specifically accounting standards codification topic 740, income taxes ("asc 740"), the tax effects of changes in tax laws must be recognized in the period in which the law is enacted. asc 740 also requires deferred tax assets and liabilities to be measured at the enacted tax rate expected to apply when temporary differences are to be realized or settled. thus, at the date of enactment of the tcja, the company's deferred taxes were re-measured based upon the new tax rate. for the company's regulated entities, the change in deferred taxes are recorded as either an offset to a regulatory asset or liability and may be subject to refund to customers. for the company's unregulated operations, the change in deferred taxes are recorded as a non-cash re-measurement adjustment to earnings.
actual income taxes could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including changes in income tax laws, the company's forecasted financial condition and results of operations, failure to successfully implement tax planning strategies and recovery of taxes through the regulatory process for the regulated businesses, as well as results of audits and examinations of filed tax returns by taxing authorities. the resulting tax balances as of december 31, 2019 and 2018 are appropriately accounted for in accordance with the applicable authoritative guidance; however, the ultimate outcome of tax matters could result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to the consolidated financial statements and such adjustments could be material. see note 14-income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding income taxes.
accounting for pension and postretirement benefits the company maintains noncontributory defined benefit pension plans covering eligible employees of its regulated utility and shared service operations. see note 15-employee benefits in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the description of and accounting for the defined benefit pension plans and postretirement benefit plans.
the company's pension and postretirement benefit costs are developed from actuarial valuations. inherent in these valuations are key assumptions provided by the company to its actuaries, including the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. material changes in the company's pension and postretirement benefit costs may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions as well as fluctuations in plan assets. the assumptions are selected to represent the average expected experience over time and may differ in any one year from actual experience due to changes in capital markets and the overall economy. these differences will impact the amount of pension and other postretirement benefit expense that the company recognizes. the primary assumptions are:
•   discount rate-the discount rate is used in calculating the present value of benefits, which are based on projections of benefit payments to be made in the future. the objective in selecting the discount rate is to measure the single amount that, if invested at the measurement date in a portfolio of high-quality debt instruments, would provide the necessary future cash flows to pay the accumulated benefits when due.
•   expected return on plan assets ("eroa")-management projects the future return on plan assets considering prior performance, but primarily based upon the plans' mix of assets and expectations for the long-term returns on those asset classes. these projected returns reduce the net benefit costs the company records currently.
•   rate of compensation increase-management projects employees' pay increases, which are used to project employees' pension benefits at retirement.
•   health care cost trend rate-management projects the expected increases in the cost of health care.
•   mortality-management retained the society of actuaries rp-2014 mortality base table, which provides rates of mortality in 2006, but adopted the new mp-2018 mortality improvement scale to gradually adjust future mortality rates downward due to increased longevity in each year after 2006.
the discount rate assumption, which is determined for the pension and postretirement benefit plans independently, is subject to change each year, consistent with changes in applicable high-quality, long-term corporate bond indices. the company uses an approach that approximates the process of settlement of obligations tailored to the plans' expected cash flows by matching the plans' cash flows to the coupons and expected maturity values of individually selected bonds. for each plan, the discount rate was developed as the level equivalent rate that would yield the same present value as using spot rates aligned with the projected benefit payments. the discount rate for determining pension benefit obligations was 3.44%, 4.38% and 3.75% at december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the discount rate for determining other postretirement benefit obligations was 3.36%, 4.32% and 3.73% at december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
in selecting an eroa, the company considered tax implications, past performance and economic forecasts for the types of investments held by the plans. the long-term eroa assumption used in calculating pension cost was 6.20% for 2019, 5.95% for 2018, and 6.49% for 2017. the weighted average eroa assumption used in calculating other postretirement benefit costs was 3.56% for 2019, 4.77% for 2018 and 5.09% for 2017.
presented in the table below are the allocations of the pension plan assets by asset category:
2020 target allocation               percentage of plan assets as of december 31, asset category                                                         2019                             2018
equity securities                                      43             %             45          %                    42          %
real estate investment trusts ("reits")                 2             %              -          %                     1          %
postretirement medical bargaining plan changes on july 31, 2018, a new, five-year national benefits agreement was ratified, covering approximately 3,200 of the company's union-represented employees. most of the benefits under this new agreement became effective on january 1, 2019, and include, among other things, union-represented employees' participation in the company's cash-based annual performance plan, additional medical plan options and changes to certain retiree medical benefits, which required the company to remeasure its other postretirement benefit plan obligation during the third quarter of 2018.
for those eligible union retirees and dependents over age 65, the current supplemental retiree medical plan will be replaced with a health reimbursement arrangement ("hra") similar to the cap currently in place for non-union retirees. the company is providing a subsidy allowing the post-65 retirees to purchase a medicare supplemental plan on a private exchange network. the pre-65 coverage plan was also amended to provide a cap on future employer costs designed to limit the employer costs to 2018 levels. for pre-65 union members retiring early in 2019-2021 a supplemental benefit will be provided to alleviate the effect of the cap.
on august 31, 2018, the postretirement medical benefit plan was remeasured to reflect this plan change. the plan change resulted in a $175 million reduction in future benefits payable to plan participants, and, in combination with other experience reflected as of the remeasurement date, resulted in a $227 million reduction to the net accumulated postretirement benefit obligation. the plan amendment will be amortized over 10.2 years, the average future working lifetime to full eligibility age for all plan participants.
after the remeasurement, the retirement and benefit plans investment committee (the "investment committee"), which is responsible for overseeing the investment of the company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans' assets, determined that the funded status of the postretirement medical bargaining plan was in excess of that needed to pay current and future benefits.
given the change in funded status in 2018, the investment committee commissioned an asset-liability study for the postretirement medical bargaining plan. this study concluded that it was prudent to decrease the investment risk in the plan due to its current funded status. the study also recommended reducing its exposure to changes in interest rates by matching the assets of the plan to the projected cash flows for future benefit payments of the liability. the investment committee approved the recommendations. plan assets in excess of those securities designed to match the long-term liabilities are invested in shorter duration fixed income securities and equities.
presented in the table below are the allocations of the other postretirement benefit plan assets by asset category:
2020 target allocation (a)               percentage of plan assets as of december 31, asset category                                       2019                             2018
equity securities                  17               %             17          %                    17          %
(a)   includes the american water postretirement medical benefits bargaining plan, the new york water service corporation postretirement medical benefits bargaining plan, the american water postretirement medical benefits non-bargaining plan, and the american water life insurance trust.
the investments of the pension and postretirement welfare plan trusts include debt and equity securities held either directly or through mutual funds, commingled funds and limited partnerships. the trustee for the company's defined benefit pension and postretirement welfare plans uses an independent valuation firm to calculate the fair value of plan assets.
in selecting a rate of compensation increase, the company considers past experience in light of movements in inflation rates. the company's rate of compensation increase was 2.97% for 2019, 3.00% for 2018 and 3.02% for 2017.
in selecting health care cost trend rates, the company considers past performance and forecasts of increases in health care costs. as of january 1, 2018, the company's health care cost trend rate assumption used to calculate the periodic cost was 6.75% in 2019 gradually declining to 5.00% in 2026 and thereafter. as of december 31, 2019, the company is projecting that medical inflation will be 6.50% in 2020 gradually declining to 5.00% in 2026 and thereafter.
the company will use a discount rate and eroa of 3.44% and 6.50%, respectively, for estimating its 2020 pension costs. additionally, the company will use a discount rate and expected blended return based on weighted assets of 3.36% and 3.68%, respectively, for estimating its 2020 other postretirement benefit costs. a decrease in the discount rate or the eroa would increase the company's pension expense. the company's 2019 and 2018 pension and postretirement benefit costs were $17 million and $21 million, respectively. the company expects to make pension and postretirement benefit contributions to the plan trusts of $38 million in 2020, and $33 million, $34 million, $34 million and $32 million in 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively. actual amounts contributed could change significantly from these estimates. the assumptions are reviewed annually and at any interim re-measurement of the plan obligations. the impact of assumption changes is reflected in the recorded pension and postretirement benefit amounts as they occur, or over a period of time if allowed under applicable accounting standards.
accounting for contingencies the company records loss contingencies when management determines that the outcome of future events is probable of occurring and when the amount of the loss or a range of losses can be reasonably estimated. the determination of a loss contingency is based on management's judgment and estimates about the likely outcome of the matter, which may include an analysis of different scenarios. liabilities are recorded or adjusted when events or circumstances cause these judgments or estimates to change. in assessing whether a loss is reasonably possible, management considers many factors, which include, but are not limited to: the nature of the litigation, claim or assessment, review of applicable law, opinions or views of legal counsel and other advisors, and the experience gained from similar cases or situations. the company provides disclosures for material contingencies when management deems there is a reasonable possibility that a loss or an additional loss may be incurred. the company provides estimates of reasonably possible losses when such estimates may be reasonably determined, either as a single amount or within a reasonable range.
actual amounts realized upon settlement or other resolution of loss contingencies may be different than amounts recorded and disclosed and could have a significant impact on the liabilities, revenue and expenses recorded on the consolidated financial statements. see note 16-commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding contingencies.
new accounting standards see note 2-significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements for a description of recent accounting standards.