item 1a. risk factors because of the following factors, as well as other variables affecting our operating results, our past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of our future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate our results or trends in future periods. you should carefully consider the trends, risks and uncertainties described below and other information in this form 10-k and subsequent reports filed with or furnished to the sec before making any investment decision with respect to our securities. if any of the following trends, risks or uncertainties actually occurs or continues, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected, the trading prices of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement.
in the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, we derived a significant portion of our revenues from sales of taser ced brand devices and related cartridges, and expect to depend on sales of these products for a significant portion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. a decrease in the selling prices of, or demand for these products, or their failure to maintain broad market acceptance, would significantly harm our growth prospects, operating results and financial condition.
our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products or new product features that achieve market acceptance in a timely and cost-effective manner. these products include, but are not limited to, axon body 3, axon aware, axon records, axon dispatch, and future generations of the taser ced and axon fleet. the development of new products and new product features is complex, time consuming and expensive, and we may experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. we may choose to carry higher level of inventories to mitigate the risk of production delays, which may in turn expose us to an increased risk of obsolescence.
we are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based productivity and communication software-as-a-service ("saas") solutions, which we intend to broadly deploy to a large number of customers. customer requirements for these products are complex and varied. if we are unable to develop scalable solutions that can consistently be configured for customers with minimal effort, or if we are unable to build out a professional services team that can consistently configure our products to meet the requirements of large numbers of customers in a timely and cost-effective manner, our ability to broadly scale our cloud-based productivity and communication saas solutions could be negatively impacted, and our deployment costs could negatively impact our operating results.
we cannot provide any assurance that products that we may develop in the future will achieve market acceptance. if we fail to develop new products or new product features on a timely basis that achieve market acceptance, our business, financial results and competitive position could be adversely affected.
the development of ceds, devices, sensors and software is a complex and time-consuming process. new products and enhancements to existing products can require long development and testing periods. our focus on our saas platform also presents complex development issues. significant delays in new product or service releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our business, financial results and competitive position.
we face risks associated with rapid technological change and new competing products.
the technology associated with law enforcement devices is receiving significant attention and is rapidly evolving. while we have some patent protection in certain key areas of our ced, axon device and saas technology, it is possible that new technology may result in competing products that operate outside our patents and could present significant competition for our products, which could adversely affect our business, financial results and competitive position.
higher costs or unavailability of materials could adversely affect our financial results.
we depend on certain domestic and international suppliers for the delivery of components used in the assembly of our products. our reliance on third-party suppliers creates risks related to our potential inability to obtain an adequate supply of components or sub-assemblies and reduced control over pricing and timing of delivery of components and sub-assemblies. specifically, we depend on suppliers of sub-assemblies, machined parts, injection molded plastic parts, printed circuit boards, custom wire fabrications and other miscellaneous customer parts for our products. we do not have any significant long-term agreements with any of our suppliers and there is no guarantee that supply will not be interrupted.
single or sole-source components used in the manufacture of our products may become unavailable or discontinued. delays caused by industry allocations or obsolescence may take weeks or months to resolve. in some cases, parts obsolescence may require a product re-design to ensure quality replacement components. these delays could cause significant delays in manufacturing and loss of sales, leading to adverse effects significantly impacting our financial condition or results of operations and could injure our reputation.
a significant number of our raw materials or components are comprised of petroleum-based products or incur some form of landed cost associated with transporting the raw materials or components to our facility. our freight and import costs and the timely delivery of our products could be adversely impacted by a number of factors which could reduce the profitability of our operations, including: higher fuel costs; potential port closures; customs clearance issues; increased government regulation or changes for imports of foreign products into the u.s.; delays created by terrorist attacks or threats, public health issues, national disasters or work stoppages; and other matters. any interruption of supply for any material components of our products could significantly delay the shipment of our products and have a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability and financial condition. international or domestic geopolitical or other events, including the imposition of new or increased tariffs and/or quotas by the u.s. government on any of these raw materials or components, could adversely impact the supply and cost of these raw materials or components, and could adversely impact the profitability of our operations.
to the extent demand for our products increases, our future success will be dependent upon our ability to manage our growth and to increase manufacturing production capacity, which may be accomplished by the implementation of customized manufacturing automation equipment.
to the extent demand for our products increases significantly in future periods, one of our key challenges will be to increase our production capacity to meet sales demand while maintaining product quality. our primary strategies to accomplish this include introducing additional shifts, increasing the physical size of our assembly facilities, the hiring of additional production staff, and the implementation of additional customized automation equipment. the investments we make in this equipment may not yield the anticipated labor and material efficiencies. our inability to meet any future increase in sales demand or effectively manage our expansion could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, financial results and financial condition.
our future success is dependent on our ability to expand sales through distributors and direct sales and our inability to recruit new distributors or increase direct sales would negatively affect our sales.
our distribution strategy is to pursue sales through multiple channels with an emphasis on independent distributors and direct sales. our inability to establish relationships with and retain law enforcement equipment distributors, who we believe can successfully sell our products, would adversely affect our sales. in addition, our arrangements with our distributors are generally short-term. we are also focusing on direct sales to larger agencies through our regional sales managers and our inability to grow sales to these agencies in this manner could adversely affect our sales. if we do not competitively price our products, meet the requirements of our distributors or end-users, provide adequate marketing support, or comply with the terms of our distribution arrangements, our distributors may fail to aggressively market our products or may terminate their relationships with us. these developments would likely have a material adverse effect on our sales. our reliance on the sales of our products by others also makes it more difficult to predict our revenues, cash flow and operating results.
the increased focus on direct sales compared to sales through distribution is dependent on our ability to sell into the states or foreign jurisdictions that have established distributor relationships.
in certain states and foreign jurisdictions we have decided to pursue sales directly with law enforcement customers, rather than working through established distribution channels. our customers may have strong working relationships with distributors and we may face resistance to this change. if we do not overcome this resistance and effectively build a direct relationship with our customers, sales may be adversely affected.
generally, law enforcement and corrections agencies consider a wide range of issues before committing to purchase our products, including product benefits, training costs, the cost to use our products in addition to, or in place of, other products, budget constraints and product reliability, safety and efficacy. the length of our sales cycle may range from a few weeks to as long as several years. adverse publicity surrounding our products or the safety of such products has in the past, and could in the future, lengthen our sales cycle with customers. in the past, we believe that our sales were adversely impacted by negative publicity surrounding our products or the use of our products. see, for example, "litigation - product litigation" in note 9 of our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report. we may incur substantial selling costs and expend significant effort in connection with the evaluation of our products by potential customers before they place an order. if these potential customers do not purchase our products, we will have expended significant resources and received no revenue in return.
an increasing percentage of our revenue is derived from subscription billing arrangements which may result in delayed cash collections and may increase customer credit risk on receivables and contract assets.
a growing portion of our sales are derived from subscription billing arrangements and on an open credit basis. while we perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers' financial condition, if we become aware of information related to the creditworthiness of a major customer, or if future actual default rates on receivables in general differ from those currently anticipated, we may have to adjust our allowance for doubtful accounts, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results.
our saas service revenue is generally recognized ratably over the terms of the contracts, which generally range from one to five years. as a result, most of the saas revenue we report each quarter is the result of agreements entered into during previous quarters. consequently, current positive or negative trends in this portion of our business may not be fully reflected in our revenue results for several periods.
most of our end-user customers are subject to budgetary and political constraints that may delay or prevent sales.
most of our end-user customers are government agencies. these agencies often do not set their own budgets and therefore, have limited control over the amount of money they can spend. in addition, these agencies experience political pressure that may dictate the manner in which they spend money. as a result, even if an agency wants to acquire our products, it may be unable to purchase them due to budgetary or political constraints, particularly in challenging economic environments. there can be no assurance that the economic and budgeting issues will not worsen and adversely impact sales of our products. some government agency orders may also be canceled or substantially delayed due to budgetary, political or other scheduling delays, which frequently occur in connection with the acquisition of products by such agencies, and such cancellations may accelerate or be more severe than we have experienced historically.
although we have entered into contracts for the delivery of products and services in the future and anticipate the contracts will be completed, if agencies do not appropriate money in future year budgets, terminate contracts for convenience or if other cancellation clauses are invoked, revenue and cash associated with these bookings will not ultimately be recognized, and could result in a reduction to bookings and revenue.
changes in civil forfeiture laws may affect our customers' ability to purchase our products.
some of our customers use funds seized through civil forfeiture proceedings to fund the purchase of our products.  legislative changes could impact our customers' ability to seize funds or use seized funds to fund purchases. changes in civil forfeiture statutes or regulations are outside of our control and could limit the amount of funds available to our customers, which could adversely affect the sale of our products.
if our security measures or those of our third-party cloud storage providers are breached and unauthorized access is obtained to customers' data or our data, our network, data centers and service may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stop using our service and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities.
our service involves the storage and transmission of customers' proprietary information, and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of information or the total or partial deletion or encryption of all stored customer data, litigation and possible liability. we devote significant resources to engineer secure products and ensure security vulnerabilities are mitigated, and we require our third-party service providers to do so as well. despite these efforts, security measures may be breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, and malfeasance or otherwise. breaches could occur during transfer of data to data centers or at any time, and result in unauthorized access to our data or our customers' data. third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as user names, passwords or other information in order to gain access to our data or our customers' data. additionally, hackers may develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack or gain access to our networks and data centers.
because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to sabotage systems, change frequently, grow more complex over time, and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. moreover, our security measures and those of our third-party service providers or customers may not detect such security breaches if they occur. although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect our data and user data, to prevent data loss, and to prevent or detect security breaches, we cannot assure that such measures will provide absolute security, and we may incur significant costs in protecting against or remediating cyber-attacks.
a security breach could expose us to a risk of loss or inappropriate use of proprietary and sensitive data, or the denial of access to this data. a security breach could also result in a loss of confidence in the security of our service, disrupt our business, damage our reputation, lead to legal liability, negatively impact our future sales and significantly harm our growth prospects, operating results and financial condition.
defects or disruptions in our services could impact demand for our services and subject us to substantial liability.
we currently serve our axon evidence customers from third-party cloud storage providers based in the u.s. and other countries. interruptions in our service, or loss or corruption of digital evidence, may reduce our revenue, cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to terminate their subscriptions and adversely affect our renewal rates and our ability to attract new customers. our business will also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our service is unreliable.
since our customers use our services for important aspects of their operations, any errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems could hurt our reputation and may damage our customers' operations. as a result, customers could elect to not renew our services or delay or withhold payment to us. we could also lose future sales or customers may make warranty or other claims against us, which could result in an increase in our warranty expense, an increase in collection cycles for and decline in the collectability of accounts receivable, and an increase in the expense and risk of litigation.
complex components and assemblies used in our products may contain undetected defects that are subsequently discovered at any point in the life of the product. defects in our products could result in a loss of sales, delay in market acceptance, damage to our reputation and increased warranty costs, which could adversely affect our business, financial results and competitive position.
we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the united states and abroad that involve matters central to our business, including privacy, data protection and personal information, rights of publicity, content, intellectual property, advertising, marketing, distribution, data security, data retention and deletion, electronic contracts and other communications, competition, consumer protection, telecommunications, product liability, taxation, labor and employment, economic or other trade prohibitions or sanctions, securities law compliance, and online payment services. the introduction of new products, expansion of our activities in certain jurisdictions, or other actions that we may take may subject us to additional laws, regulations, or other government scrutiny. in addition, foreign data protection, privacy, content, competition, and other laws and regulations can impose different obligations or be more restrictive than those in the united states.
these u.s. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations, which in some cases can be enforced by private parties in addition to government entities, are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change. as a result, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws and regulations are often uncertain and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. new laws and regulations (or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations) may require us to incur substantial costs, expose us to unanticipated civil or criminal liability, or cause us to change our business practices.
the costs of compliance with these laws and regulation are high and are likely to increase in the future. additionally, these laws and regulations, or any associated inquiries or investigations or other government actions, may delay or impede the development of new products, result in negative publicity, require significant management time and attention, and subject us to remedies that may harm our business, including fines or demands or orders that we modify or cease existing business practices.
taser and axon devices for our taser products, we rely on the opinions of the u.s. bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives, including the determination that a device that has projectiles propelled by the release of compressed gas in place of the expanding gases from ignited gunpowder is not classified as a firearm. changes in statutes, regulations, and interpretation outside of our control may result in our products being classified or reclassified as firearms. if this were to occur, our private citizen market could be substantially reduced because consumers would be required to comply with federal, state, or local firearm transfer requirements prior to purchasing our products.
axon devices using lithium batteries are subject to us-dot/un 38.3 for transportation, and all our products containing hazardous chemicals require an additional safety data sheet following occupational safety and health administration ("osha") recommendation.
our ced products are also subject to regulation by testing, safety and other standard organizations such as the american national standards institute, the international electrotechnical commission ("iec"), the national institute of standards and technology, and underwriters laboratories ("ul"). we follow iec 62133 for our rechargeable battery packs, ul 1642 for cells, and iec 60950 (soon to be replaced by iec 62368) for our wireless and docks devices. these regulations also affect ceds with axon signal technology, including signal performance power magazine technology, taser 7 battery packs and could impact future ceds that feature wireless technology. compliance with government regulations could increase our operations and product costs and impact our future financial results.
federal regulation of international sales: our ceds are considered a "crime control" product by the u.s. department of commerce ("doc") for export directly from the u.s. consequently, we must obtain an export license from the doc for the export of our ced devices from the u.s. other than to canada. in addition, certain of our camera and software products require classifications from the doc before they may be shipped internationally. our inability to obtain doc export licenses or classifications on a timely basis for sales of our products to our international customers could significantly and adversely affect our international sales.
state and local regulation: our ceds are controlled, restricted or, less frequently, prohibited by a number of state and local governments. as of december 31, 2019, the possession of stun guns by the general public, including our ceds, is prohibited in hawaii and rhode island. some cities and municipalities also prohibit private citizen possession or use of our ced products. other jurisdictions may ban or restrict the sale of our ced products and our product sales may be significantly affected by additional state, county and city governmental regulation.
international regulation: certain jurisdictions prohibit, restrict, or require a permit for the importation, sale, possession or use of ceds, including in some countries by law enforcement agencies, limiting our international sales opportunities.
radio spectrum devices certain of our products utilize the radio spectrum to provide wireless voice, data and video communications services. the allocation of spectrum is regulated in the u.s. and other countries and limited spectrum space is allocated to wireless services and specifically to public safety users. in the u.s., the federal communications commission ("fcc") regulates spectrum use by non-federal entities and federal entities. similarly, countries around the world have one or more regulatory bodies that define and implement the rules for use of radio spectrum and electromagnetic interference, pursuant to their respective national laws. we manufacture and market products in spectrum bands already made available by regulatory bodies. consequently, our results could be negatively affected by the rules and regulations adopted from time to time by the fcc or regulatory agencies in other countries. regulatory changes in current spectrum bands may also require modifications to some of our products so they can continue to be manufactured and marketed. if current products do not comply with the regulations set forth by these governing bodies, we may be unable to sell our products or could incur penalties, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
axon body worn cameras, docks, fleet vehicle cameras and signal devices are subject to fcc's rules and regulations. the fcc regulates not only the "intentional radiation" of radio transmitters, but also the "unintentional radiation" of noise from all sorts of electrical equipment. the fcc regulations appear in title 47 of the united states code of federal regulations (47cfr).the current axon products use bluetooth, wifi and/or lte radio technologies. with the integration of lte technologies, it is required to apply for the approval of private certifications such as ctia, required by firstnet and other operators. these regulations are also beginning to affect ceds with signal performance power magazine technology and future ceds implementing wireless technology into the feature set. compliance with government regulations could increase our operations and product costs and impact our future financial results.
environmental regulations we are subject to various state, federal and international laws and regulations governing the environment, including restricting the presence of certain substances in our products and making producers of those products financially responsible for the collection, treatment, recycling and disposal of such products. in particular, environmental legislation within the european union ("eu") may increase our cost of doing business internationally and impact our revenues from eu countries as we comply with and implement these requirements.
the eu has published directives on the restriction of certain hazardous substances in electronic and electrical equipment (the "rohs directive") and on electronic and electrical waste management (the "weee directive"). the rohs directive restricts the use of a number of substances, including lead. the weee directive directs members of the eu to enact laws, regulations, and administrative provisions to ensure that producers of electric and electronic equipment are financially responsible for the collection, recycling, treatment and environmentally responsible disposal of certain products sold into the eu. in addition, similar environmental legislation has been or may be enacted in other jurisdictions, including the u.s. (under federal and state laws) and other countries, the cumulative impact of which could be significant.
in addition, the eu has defined a regulation for registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemicals (the "reach regulation") that places responsibility on industry to manage the risks from chemicals contained in products and to provide safety information about such substances. manufacturers and importers are required to gather information on the properties of the chemical substances in their products, which will allow their safe handling. starting january 5, 2021, companies supplying products containing substances of very high concern as identified by the eu on the eu market have to submit information on these products to the european chemicals agency. the information in their database is then made available to waste operators and consumers.
we continue to monitor the impact of specific registration and compliance activities required by the rohs, weee directives, and reach regulation. we endeavor to comply with applicable environmental laws, yet compliance with such laws could increase our operations and product costs, increase the complexities of product design, procurement, and manufacturing, limit our ability to manage excess and obsolete non-compliant inventory, limit our sales activities, and impact our future financial results. any violation of these laws can subject us to significant liability, including fines, penalties, and prohibiting sales of our products into one or more states or countries, and result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
privacy regulations we are also subject to laws and regulations that dictate whether, how, and under what circumstances we can transfer, process and/or receive certain data that is critical to our operations, including data shared between countries or regions in which we operate and data shared among our products and services. for example, in 2016, the eu and the u.s. agreed to an alternative transfer framework for data transferred from the eu to the u.s., called the privacy shield, but this new framework is subject to an annual review that could result in changes to our obligations and also may be challenged by national regulators or private parties. if one or more of the legal bases for transferring data from the eu to the u.s. is invalidated, if we are unable to transfer data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, or if we are prohibited from sharing data among our products and services, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services or adversely affect our financial results.
proposed or new legislation and regulations could also significantly affect our business. there currently are a number of proposals pending before federal, state, and foreign legislative and regulatory bodies. in addition, the european general data protection regulation ("gdpr") took effect in may 2018 and applies to all of our products and services that provide service in europe. the gdpr includes operational requirements for companies that receive or process personal data of residents of the eu that are different than those previously in place in the eu. in addition, the gdpr includes significant penalties for non-compliance. similarly, there are a number of legislative proposals in the u.s., at both the federal and state level, that could impose new obligations in areas affecting our business, such as liability for copyright infringement by third parties. in addition, some countries are considering or have passed legislation implementing data protection requirements or requiring local storage and processing of data or similar requirements that could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services.
we may face personal injury, wrongful death and other liability claims that harm our reputation and adversely affect our sales and financial condition.
our ced products are often used in aggressive confrontations that may result in serious, permanent bodily injury or death to those involved. our ced products may be associated with these injuries. a person, or the family members of a person, injured in a confrontation or otherwise in connection with the use of our products, may bring legal action against us to recover damages on the basis of theories including wrongful death, personal injury, negligent design, defective product or inadequate warning. we are currently subject to a number of such lawsuits and we have been subject to significant adverse judgments and settlements. we may also be subject to lawsuits involving allegations of misuse of our products. if successful, wrongful death, personal injury, misuse and other claims could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition and could result in negative publicity about our products. we incur significant legal expenses in defending these cases, and significant litigation could also result in a diversion of management's attention and resources, negative publicity and a potential award of monetary damages in excess of our insurance coverage. the outcome of any litigation is inherently uncertain and there can be no assurance that our existing or any future litigation will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results.
other litigation may subject us to significant litigation costs and judgments and divert management attention from our business.
we have been or could in the future be involved in numerous other litigation matters relating to our products, contracts and business relationships, including litigation against persons whom we believe have infringed on our intellectual property, infringement litigation filed against us, litigation against a competitor, enforcement actions filed against us, and litigation involving the u.s. federal trade commission ("ftc"). such matters have resulted, and are expected to continue to result in, substantial costs to us, including in the form of attorneys' fees and costs, damages, fines or other penalties, whether pursuant to a judgment or settlement, and diversion of our management's attention, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. there is also a risk of adverse judgments, as the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain.
we have been, and may be in the future, subject to intellectual property infringement and other claims, which could incur substantial litigation costs, result in significant damage awards, inhibit our use of certain technologies, and divert management attention from our business.
many companies own intellectual property rights that are directly or indirectly related to public safety technologies. these companies periodically demand licensing agreements or engage in litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of their patents, trademarks, copyrights, or trade secrets. non-practicing entities also have patents they have been granted or otherwise acquired, including patents that are directly or indirectly related to public safety technologies. these entities may seek compensation for perceived infringement of their patents, including by filing claims against us, independent of the merit of any such claims. as we enter new markets, expand into new product categories, and otherwise offer new products, services, and technologies, additional intellectual property claims may be filed against us by these companies, entities, and other third parties. additional intellectual property claims may also be filed against us as our current products, services, and technologies gain additional market share.
currently, we are a defendant in a patent litigation matter filed by digital ally inc. ("digital") in the district of kansas alleging patent infringement regarding our axon signal technology. for additional discussion of this matter, refer to note 9 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-
k. we believe the patent in question is both invalid and not infringed. however, if digital ultimately succeeds in their appeal, the outcome could have an adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which a liability is recognized and on our cash flows for the period in which any damages are paid.
if we are unable to protect our intellectual property, the value of our brands and products may decrease and we may lose our competitive market advantage.
our future success depends upon our proprietary technology. our protective measures for this proprietary technology include patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secret protection. however, these protective measures, as well as our efforts to pursue such protective measures, may prove inadequate. for example, the value of intellectual property protection in certain countries may not be apparent until after such protection can no longer be pursued. as such, our intellectual property protection may not extend to all countries in which our products are distributed or will be distributed in the future. though we work to protect our innovations, we may not be able to obtain protection for certain innovations. for example, we may be unable to patent some software-based products. the scope of any patent protection we have obtained, or may obtain, may not prevent others from developing and selling competing products. despite our efforts, any intellectual property protection we obtain may be later determined to be insufficient or ineffective.
our protective measures may prove inadequate for reasons outside of our control. different intellectual property laws between different countries may lead to differences in protection between such countries. in certain countries in which our products are distributed, the ability to effectively enforce intellectual property rights may not exist. patent requirements differ by country and certain domestic or foreign laws may prohibit us from satisfying these requirements, creating a risk that some of our international patents may become unenforceable. patents for older technologies, such as our m26 model of ceds, have expired or will expire due to statutory limits on patent term. despite policies and efforts to maintain secrecy, trade secrets and other confidential information we maintain, or may choose to maintain in the future, could be compromised by employees, partners, or other third parties.
once established, there is no guarantee that our intellectual property rights will remain in force. issued patents may be re-examined and subsequently ruled invalid or unenforceable. our registered trademarks may also be diminished or lost. for example, there is a risk that our "taser" trademark could become synonymous with the general product category of "conducted energy devices". the right to stop others from misusing our trademarks and service marks in commerce depends, to some extent, on our ability to show evidence of enforcement of our rights against such misuse in commerce. our efforts to stop improper use, if insufficient, may lead to loss of trademark and service mark rights, brand loyalty and notoriety among our customers and prospective customers.
our intellectual property may also be at risk if we are unable to defend from enforcement actions, such as that filed by the ftc against us regarding our acquisition of vievu llc from safariland llc on may 3, 2018. for additional discussion of this matter, refer to note 9 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. if successful, the ftc is seeking a divestiture of vievu along with axon assets sufficient to stand up a viable competitor.
inability to protect our intellectual property could negatively impact our commercial efforts and competitive market advantage. regardless of outcome, the prosecution of patent and other intellectual property claims is both costly and time consuming. unauthorized use of our proprietary technology could divert our management's attention from our business, and could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, and operating results.
our u.s. patents protect us from imported infringing products coming into the u.s. from abroad. we have made applications for patents in a few foreign countries; however, these may be inadequate to protect markets for our products in other foreign countries. each patent is examined and granted according to the law of the country where it was filed independent of whether a u.s. patent on similar technology was granted. a patent in a foreign country may be subject to cancellation if the claimed invention has not been sold in that country. meeting the requirements of working invention differs by country and ranges from sales in the country to manufacturing in the country. u.s. export law, or the laws of some foreign countries, may prohibit us from satisfying the requirements for working the invention, creating a risk that some of our international patents may become unenforceable.
our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition.
our international operations are significant, and we plan to continue to grow internationally by acquiring existing entities or setting up new legal entities in new markets. in certain international markets, we have limited operating experience and may not benefit from any first-to-market advantages or otherwise succeed. in addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, our international operations expose us to other risks, including the following:
•   longer payment cycles in some countries, increased credit risk, and higher levels of payment fraud.
•   uncertainty regarding liability for our products and services, including uncertainty as a result of local laws and lack of legal precedent.
•   different employee/employer relationships, existence of workers' councils and labor unions, and other challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences, making it harder to do business in certain jurisdictions.
additionally, changes in international local political, economic, regulatory, tax, social, and labor conditions may adversely harm our business and compliance with complex foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases our cost of doing business. these numerous and sometimes conflicting laws and regulations include, among others, environmental regulations, internal control and disclosure rules, privacy and data protection requirements, anti-corruption laws, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials, and competition regulations, among others.
our business in the united kingdom may be negatively impacted by uncertainty regarding the exit of the united kingdom from the eu (commonly referred to as "brexit"). the exit itself could negatively impact the united kingdom and other economies, which could adversely affect sales of our products and services. we may also experience increased volatility in the value of the pound sterling, the euro and other european currencies. in addition, brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations in the united kingdom and the eu, and we may incur additional costs or need to make operational changes as we adapt to potentially divergent regulatory frameworks.
violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, our international growth efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business, and our operating results. although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies.
acquisitions, joint ventures, and other strategic investments may have an adverse effect on our business.
we may consider additional acquisitions, joint ventures, or other strategic investments as part of our long-term business strategy. these transactions involve significant challenges and risks including that the transaction does not advance our business strategy, expected synergies are not achieved, we do not realize a satisfactory return on our investment, we experience difficulty in the integration or coordination of new employees, business systems, and technology, we incur unanticipated liabilities, or there is a diversion of management's attention from our other businesses. these events could harm our operating results, financial condition or cash flows.
we acquire other companies and intangible assets and may not realize all the economic benefit from those acquisitions, which could cause an impairment of goodwill or intangibles. we review our amortizable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. we test goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment at least annually. if such goodwill or intangible assets are deemed to be impaired, an impairment loss equal to the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the assets would be recognized. events which might indicate impairment include, but are not limited to, declines in stock price market capitalization or cash flows, adverse cost factors, deteriorating financial performance, strategic decisions made in response to economic, market and competitive conditions, the impact of the economic environment on us and our customer base, and/or relevant events such as changes in management, key personnel, litigation or customers.
a disruption or failure of our systems or operations in the event of a major earthquake, weather event, fire, explosion, failure to contain hazardous materials, industrial accident, cyber-attack, terrorist attack, public health crisis, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other mission-critical functions. a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or information technology systems could harm our ability to conduct normal business operations and our operating results as well as expose us to claims, litigation and governmental investigations and fines.
in late 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was first detected in wuhan, china. following the outbreak of this virus, the chinese government has quarantined certain affected regions and certain travel restrictions have been imposed. these events have had and could continue to have an impact on our supply chain. at the time of this filing, the outbreak has been largely concentrated in china, although a growing number of cases have been confirmed in other countries. if our backup and mitigation plans are not sufficient to minimize business disruption, our financial results could be adversely affected.
our financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the u.s. dollar versus local currencies.
for current and potential international customers whose contracts are denominated in u.s. dollars, the relative change in local currency values creates relative fluctuations in our product pricing. these changes in international end-user costs may result in lost orders and reduce the competitiveness of our products in certain foreign markets.
additionally, intercompany sales to our non-u.s. dollar functional currency international subsidiaries are transacted in u.s. dollars which could increase our foreign exchange rate risk caused by foreign currency transaction gains and losses.
for non-u.s. dollar denominated sales, weakening of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar generally leads us to raise international pricing, potentially reducing demand for our products. should we decide not to raise local prices to fully offset the dollar's strengthening, the u.s. dollar value of our foreign currency denominated sales and earnings would be adversely affected. we do not currently engage in hedging activities. fluctuations in foreign currency could result in a change in the u.s. dollar value of our foreign denominated assets and liabilities including accounts receivable. therefore, the u.s. dollar equivalent collected on a given sale could be less than the amount invoiced causing the sale to be less profitable than contemplated.
unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities may impact our operating results.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and various jurisdictions outside of the u.s. our effective tax rate could fluctuate due to changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates. our tax expense could also be impacted by changes in non-deductible expenses, changes in excess tax benefits related to exercises of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and our ability to utilize them, the applicability of withholding taxes, and changes in our liability for unrecognized tax benefits.
we are subject to tax examinations in multiple jurisdictions. while we regularly evaluate new information that may change our judgment resulting in recognition, derecognition or change in measurement of a tax position taken, there can be no assurance that the final determination of any examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial position.
additionally, we may be subject to additional tax liabilities due to changes in non-income-based taxes resulting from changes in federal, state or international tax laws, changes in taxing jurisdictions' administrative interpretations, decisions, policies, and positions, results of tax examinations, settlements or judicial decisions, changes in accounting principles, changes to the business operations, including acquisitions, as well as the evaluation of new information that results in a change to a tax position taken in a prior period.
the enactment of tax reform legislation, including legislation implementing changes in taxation of international business activities, could materially impact our financial position and results of operations.
legislation or other changes in the tax laws could increase our liability and adversely affect our after-tax profitability. for example, the tax cuts and jobs act ("tax act") was enacted in the united states on december 22, 2017. the tax act had a significant impact on our effective tax rate, cash tax expenses and net deferred tax assets. the tax act, among other things, reduced the u.s. corporate statutory tax rate, eliminated or limited deduction of several expenses which were previously deductible, imposed a mandatory deemed repatriation tax on undistributed historic earnings of foreign subsidiaries, required a minimum tax on earnings generated by foreign subsidiaries and permitted a tax-free repatriation of foreign earnings through a dividends received deduction.
we maintain most of our cash balances, some of which are not insured, at four depository institutions.
we maintain the majority of our cash and cash equivalents accounts at four depository institutions. as of december 31, 2019, the aggregate balances in such accounts were $161.8 million. our balances with these institutions regularly exceed federal deposit insurance corporation ("fdic") insured limits for domestic deposits and various foreign deposit insurance programs covering our deposits in australia, canada, finland, germany, hong kong, india, italy, the netherlands, the united kingdom, and vietnam.
we could suffer losses with respect to the uninsured balances if the depository institutions failed and the institution's assets were insufficient to cover its deposits and/or the governments did not take actions to support deposits in excess of existing insurance limits. any such losses could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
we depend on our ability to attract and retain our key management, sales and technical personnel.
our success depends upon the continued service of our key management personnel. our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate qualified technical employees. although we have employment agreements with our officers and other members of our executive management team, the employment of such persons is "at-will" and either we or the employee can terminate the employment relationship at any time, subject to the applicable terms of the employment agreements. the competition for our key employees is intense. the loss of the service of one or more of our key personnel could adversely impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
we are highly dependent on the services of patrick w. smith, our chief executive officer.
we are highly dependent on the services of patrick w. smith, our founder and chief executive officer. our future success depends upon our ability to retain executive officers, specifically mr. smith, and any failure to do so could adversely impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
for awards containing multiple service, performance and market conditions, where all conditions must be satisfied prior to vesting, compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period, which is defined as the longest explicit, implicit or derived service period, based on management's estimate of the probability and timing of the performance criteria being satisfied, adjusted at each balance sheet date. changes in the subjective and probability-based assumptions can materially affect the estimates of the fair value of the awards and timing of recognition of stock-based compensation expense and consequently, the related amount recognized in our statements of operations and comprehensive income.
if we achieve specific operational goals and the covered employees complete the requisite service conditions for the performance-based awards with multiple service, performance, and market conditions, including our ceo performance award and our exponential stock performance plan ("xspp"), we will recognize stock compensation expense regardless of whether the market conditions are achieved and the underlying tranches vest.
risks related to ownership of our common stock the trading price of our common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile. in addition to the factors discussed in this annual report on form 10-k, the trading price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including:
•   actions of securities analysts who initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors;
•   investor sentiment with respect to our competitors, our business partners, and our industry in general;
•   announcements by us or our competitors of significant products or features, technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments;
•   changes in operation performance and stock market valuations of technology companies in our industries, including our developers and competitors;
•   lawsuits threatened or filed against us;
•   developments in anticipated or new legislation and pending lawsuits or regulator actions, including interim or final rulings by tax, judicial or regulatory bodies; and
our revenues and operating results have varied significantly in the past and may vary significantly in the future due to various factors, including, but not limited to:
•   the outcome of any existing or future litigation;
•   adverse publicity surrounding our products, the safety of our products, or the use of our products;
•   regulatory changes that may affect the marketability of our products.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a")
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is designed to provide a reader of our consolidated financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results. our md&a should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this annual report on form 10-k, including part i, item 1a: "risk factors"; part ii, item 6: "selected financial data"; and part ii, item 8: "financial statements and supplementary data." the various sections of this md&a contain a number of forward-looking statements, all of which are based on our current expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and risk factors described throughout this filing. the tables in the md&a sections below are derived from exact numbers and may have immaterial rounding differences.
this section discusses our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018. for a discussion and analysis of the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to the same period in 2017 please refer to management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations included in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018, filed with the sec on february 27, 2019.
overview axon is a global network of devices, apps, training and people that helps public safety personnel become smarter and safer. our technologies give law enforcement the confidence, focus and time they need to protect their communities. our products impact every aspect of an officer's day-to-day experience. our core mission is to protect life. we fulfill that mission through developing hardware and software products that advance our long term vision of a) obsoleting the bullet, b) reducing social conflict, and c) enabling a fair and effective justice system.
our revenues for the year ended december 31, 2019 were $530.9 million, an increase of $110.8 million, or 26.4%, from the prior year. we had a loss from operations of $6.4 million compared to income from operations of $24.8 million in the prior year. gross margins were compressed related to the rollout of our latest generation taser device and increased data storage expenses, partially offset by higher margins for software & sensors devices. increased cost of sales, selling, general and administrative expenses, and research and development expenses to support continued and future growth also contributed to the decline in operating results. additionally, expenses for the year ended december 31, 2019 reflected $51.6 million in incremental stock-based compensation expense related to the ceo performance award and xspp. the decline in operating results was partially offset by a $4.3 million increase in interest income. for the year ended december 31, 2019, we recorded net income of $0.9 million compared to $29.2 million for the prior year.
2020 outlook for the year ending december 31, 2020, we expect revenue of $615 million to $625 million. we anticipate that revenue for the three months ending march 31, 2020 will reflect approximately 13% growth as compared to the three months ended march 31, 2019. we anticipate that the timing of 2020 revenue will reflect a similar distribution as in 2019. we expect a normalized income tax rate of between 20% and 25%; this rate can fluctuate depending on geography of income and the effects of discrete items, including changes in our stock price.
in late 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was first detected in wuhan, china. following the outbreak of this virus, the chinese government has quarantined certain affected regions and certain travel restrictions have been imposed. our operations team is closely monitoring the potential impact to our supply chain. at this time we have successfully managed through the current impacts. our operations team has some flexibility to adapt to the changing situation; however, if the situation further deteriorates or the outbreak results in further travel restriction on both supply and demand, these impacts could affect our full year guidance.
results of operations the following table presents data from our consolidated statements of operations as well as the percentage relationship to total net sales of items included in our statements of operations (dollars in thousands):
provision (benefit) for income taxes             1,188             0.2    %            (1,101   )        (0.3   )%
united states        $446,100          84.0   %          $335,310          79.8   %
international revenue in 2019 remained consistent with 2018. lower sales in canada and the asia pacific region were offset by increased sales in europe and africa.
our operations are comprised of two reportable segments: the manufacture and sale of ceds, batteries, accessories and extended warranties and other products and services (collectively, the "taser" segment); and the development, manufacture, and sale of software and sensors, which includes the sale of devices, wearables, applications, cloud and mobile products, and services (collectively, the "software and sensors" segment). in both segments, we report sales of products and services. service revenue in both segments includes sales related to axon evidence. in the software and sensors segment, service revenue also includes other recurring cloud-hosted software revenue and related professional services. collectively, this revenue is sometimes referred to as "axon cloud revenue." revenue from our "products" in the software and sensors segment are generally from sales of sensors, including on-officer body cameras, axon fleet cameras, other hardware sensors, warranties on sensors, and other products, and is sometimes referred to as "sensors and other revenue." within the software and sensors segment, we include only revenues and costs attributable to that segment which costs include: costs of sales for both products and services, direct labor, and product management and r&d for products included, or to be included, within the software and sensors segment. all other costs are included in the taser segment.
net unit sales were as follows:
2019                                      2018                               unitchange          percentchange taser 7                   49,221                     5,759               43,462                 754.7   %
net sales for the taser segment increased $28.5 million, or 11.3%, primarily as a result of a $17.7 million increase in cartridge revenue and a net increase of $7.2 million in taser device sales. cartridge revenues increased due to both increased unit sales and an increase in average selling price. the decreased unit sales of x2 and x26p were partially offset by higher average selling prices. as expected, we continue to see a shift to purchases of our latest generation device, taser 7, from legacy x2 and x26p devices. we expect recurring payment plan subscriptions to increase as we drive sales of taser 7, which includes a software subscription with axon evidence.
net sales for the software and sensors segment increased $82.2 million, or 49.3%. revenue from axon evidence and cloud services increased $40.0 million as we continued to add users and associated devices to our network during the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in the aggregate number of users and devices also resulted in increased extended warranty revenues of $7.3 million. revenue from axon body cameras increased $22.2 million and included $19.3 million in sales of axon body 3, which was introduced during the third quarter of 2019. axon dock revenue also increased $9.7 million with increased units largely driven by the introduction of axon body 3, as well as an increase in the average selling price.
for the past few years, we have considered bookings for our software and sensors segment as an early indicator of activity for axon camera products and axon evidence services. we have shifted our focus to total company future contracted revenue, which we believe is a more relevant and comprehensive forward-looking performance indicator, as it encompasses all company contracts, including taser. as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately $1.23 billion of total company future contracted revenue, which included both recognized contract liabilities as well as amounts that will be invoiced and recognized in future periods. we expect to recognize between 20% - 25% of this balance over the next twelve months, and expect the remainder to be recognized over the following five to seven years, subject to risks related to delayed deployments, budget appropriation or other contract cancellation clauses.
in the taser segment, we define backlog as equal to deferred revenue. deferred revenue represents amounts invoiced to customers for goods and services to be delivered in subsequent periods. we process orders within the taser segment quickly, and our best estimate of firm orders outstanding as of period end represents those that have been paid for but remain undelivered. the taser segment backlog balance was $55.2 million as of december 31, 2019. we expect to realize $22.6 million of this deferred revenue balance as revenue during the next 12 months. this represents cash received and accounts receivable from customers on or prior to december 31, 2019 for products and services expected to be delivered in the next 12 months.
add: additions to backlog, net of cancellations   282,253                 517,266                         799,519
our backlog of $1.1 billion as of december 31, 2019 has increased significantly from $812.7 million as of december 31, 2018. the increase in taser segment backlog is not expected to have a material impact on revenue or operating margins. our significant increase in backlog, primarily in the software and sensors segment is indicative of expected revenue growth in this segment. revenue growth in the software and sensors segment is expected to result in improved operating margins over time as additional revenue will cover a larger portion of our selling, general and administrative expenses and research and development costs. we also anticipate gross margins to improve gradually in future years.
within the taser segment, cost of product sales increased $26.8 million, or 33.4%, to $107.2 million in 2019, compared to $80.4 million in 2018. cost as a percentage of sales increased to 38.1% from 31.7%. the increase in cost of product sales was primarily attributable to the mix of products, with higher cost per unit for taser 7 handles and cartridges as well as higher depreciation on new production equipment for the taser 7. additionally, cost of product sales included approximately $3.0 million in expense for taser 7 ramp-up and optimization costs related to scrap, obsolete inventory, and higher labor costs.
within the software and sensors segment, cost of product and service sales was $116.4 million, an increase of $35.3 million, or 43.5%, from 2018. as a percentage of net sales, cost of product and service sales decreased to 46.7% in 2019 from 48.6% in 2018. cost of product sales increased $24.5 million primarily driven by the impact of increased units as well as increased freight and customs expenses, but decreased as a percentage of total segment net sales, reflecting non-recurrence of customer fulfillment costs associated with our acquisition of vievu in may 2018 and higher pricing on axon body 2 cameras and docks. cost of service sales increased $10.7 million driven primarily by a $5.0 million increase in third party cloud data storage and compute costs, and by a $3.9 million increase in professional services expense due to both significant fleet installations during 2019 and an overall increase following the acquisition of vievu in may 2018. in june 2019, we entered into a purchase agreement for cloud data storage with a three year term beginning july 1, 2019. we expect that this agreement, in combination with moving certain data into archive storage, will slow the growth of our future storage and compute costs, despite anticipated increases in the amount of data stored.
as a percentage of net sales, gross margin for the taser segment decreased to 61.9% for the year ended december 31, 2019 from 68.3% for the year ended december 31, 2018. taser 7 devices have a lower average selling price per unit than legacy products due to the bundle of products and services included, and a higher cost per unit than legacy products. additionally, gross margin was impacted by trade in credits provided to certain customers purchasing taser 7 devices.
within the software and sensors segment, gross margin as a percentage of total segment net sales was 53.3% and 51.4% for the years ended 2019 and 2018, respectively. within the software and sensors segment, product gross margin was 29.8% for the year ended december 31, 2019 and 20.8% for the same period in 2018, while the service margins were 74.8% and 76.0% during those same periods, respectively.
salaries, benefits and bonus                           $67,582                   $63,185              $4,397                  7.0        %
sg&a increased $56.1 million, or 35.7%. stock-based compensation expense increased $46.6 million in comparison to the prior year comparable period, which was primarily attributable to an increase of $30.8 million in expense related to the ceo performance award and expense of $11.5 million related to our xspp. during the year ended december 31, 2019, attainment of the third through ninth tranches of the ceo performance award and xspp became probable. accordingly, we recorded expense of $26.5 million for the ceo performance award and $7.3 million for the xspp reflecting the cumulative expense for the third through ninth tranches from the grant dates through december 31, 2019. refer to note 12 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements within this annual report on form 10-k for additional discussion of the ceo performance award and xspp. stock-based compensation expense also increased over the prior year comparable period due to an increase in headcount.
salaries, benefits and bonus expense increased $4.4 million, primarily due to an increase in headcount. the increase was partially offset by a decline in expense for contract labor. salaries, benefits and bonus expense decreased as a percentage of sales from 15.0% for 2018 to 12.7% for 2019.
the increases were partially offset by a decrease of $2.9 million in professional, consulting and lobbying expenses. legal expenses increased by approximately $1.0 million, offset by a $3.8 million decrease in professional fees, which were higher during 2018 related to our acquisition of vievu, the adoption of topic 606, and the implementation of the ceo performance award and xspp.
during 2019, we abandoned certain capitalized software related to implementation work on an enterprise resource planning system conversion, resulting in an impairment charge of $1.3 million, and certain planning and site development activities related to our planned new headquarters, resulting in an impairment charge of $0.7 million. during 2018, we recorded an impairment charge of $2.0 million related to the abandonment of certain developed technology acquired in a business combination.
as discussed in note 9 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements within this annual report on form 10-k, on january 3, 2020, we sued the ftc in the district of arizona, and the ftc filed an enforcement action regarding our may 2018 acquisition of vievu llc. this litigation is expected to result in an increase in legal expenses during the year ending december 31, 2020. while the amount and timing of such expenses is unknown and will vary depending on the progression of litigation, we currently anticipate expenses in the range of $10.0 million to $15.0 million for the year, with a higher proportion of the expense expected during the first half of 2020.
salaries, benefits and bonus                        $63,763                 $49,792                 $13,971                 28.1        %
the increase in r&d expense was fully attributable to our software and sensors segment. within the taser segment, r&d expenses decreased $2.5 million or 14.9% due to lower headcount and a decrease in hardware spending, which was higher during the prior year comparable period leading up to the taser 7 launch. r&d expense for the software and sensors segment increased $26.4 million or 44.1%, but decreased to 34.6% of sales as compared to 35.8% in the prior year. of the increase, $16.1 million related to salaries, benefits, and bonus attributable to increased headcount.
we expect r&d expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we focus on growing the software and sensors segment as we add headcount and additional resources to develop new products and services to further advance our scalable cloud-connected device platform. we believe that these investments will result in an increase in our subscription revenue base, which over time will result in revenue increasing faster than the increase in sg&a expenses and r&d costs, as we reach economies of scale.
provision for income taxes the provision for income taxes was $1.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the effective income tax rate for 2019 was 57.4%. the benefits related to excess stock-based compensation of $5.0 million and research and development credits of $4.9 million were partially offset by the tax effects of permanently non-deductible expenses for executive compensation of $7.6 million, an increase in uncertain tax benefits of $1.2 million and other permanently non-deductible expenses of $1.1 million and state tax expense of $0.5 million. additionally, we recorded a $0.4 million increase to our valuation allowance as of december 31, 2019 related to research and development tax credits that may not be utilized prior to expiration, partially offset by changes in certain foreign jurisdictions.
the income tax benefit was $1.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the effective income tax rate for 2018 was (3.9%). the benefits related to excess stock-based compensation of $8.9 million and research and development credits of $6.9 million were partially offset by the tax effects of permanently non-deductible expenses for executive compensation of $1.2 million, an increase in uncertain tax benefits of $1.8 million and return to provision adjustments of $1.8 million. additionally, we recorded a $2.0 million increase to our valuation allowance as of december 31, 2018 related to research and development tax credits that may not be utilized prior to expiration, partially offset by changes in certain foreign jurisdictions.
net unit sales were as follows:
three months ended december 31, 2019            september 30, 2019                unit            percent change             change taser 7                  14,577                       17,674                    (3,097     )        (17.5    )%
net sales for the taser segment increased $12.2 million, or 17.0%, on a sequential basis primarily due to an overall increase in revenue from cartridges. an inventory shortfall earlier in the year resulted in a backlog primarily for taser 7 and x2 cartridges; this backlog was cleared during the quarter ended december 31, 2019. the increase in cartridge units were partially offset by a decrease in the average selling price. net sales also included a net increase of $2.4 million in taser device sales. taser 7 sales declined compared to the three months ending september 30, 2019; as a result of a battery component supplier not being able to timely fulfill our production needs, approximately $3 million of forecasted taser 7 sales shifted from the three months ended june 30, 2019 to the three months ending september 30, 2019. units of our legacy taser devices increased, while the average selling prices remained consistent with the prior quarter.
net sales for the software and sensors segment increased $28.8 million, or 48.7%, on a sequential basis. revenue from axon body cameras increased $18.5 million and included $18.7 million in sales of axon body 3, which was introduced during the third quarter of 2019. partially offsetting this increase was a decrease in units and average selling price of axon body 2 units. axon dock revenue also increased $7.7 million with increased units largely driven by the introduction of axon body 3, as well as an increase in the average selling price. the increase in the aggregate number of users on our network, including on-premise users in secondary international markets, resulted in increased axon evidence and cloud services revenues of $2.8 million.
non-gaap financial measures to supplement our financial results presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. ("gaap"), we present the non-gaap financial measures of ebitda and adjusted ebitda (ceo performance award). our management uses these non-gaap financial measures in evaluating our performance in comparison to prior periods. we believe that both management and investors benefit from referring to these non-gaap financial measures in assessing our performance, and when planning and forecasting our future periods. a reconciliation of gaap to the non-gaap financial measures is presented below.
•   ebitda (most comparable gaap measure: net income) - earnings before interest expense, investment interest income, taxes, depreciation and amortization.
•   adjusted ebitda (ceo performance award) (most comparable gaap measure: net income) - earnings before interest expense, investment interest income, taxes, depreciation, amortization and non-cash stock-based compensation expense.
although these non-gaap financial measures are not consistent with gaap, management believes investors will benefit by referring to these non-gaap financial measures when assessing our operating results, as well as when forecasting and analyzing future periods. however, management recognizes that:
•   these non-gaap financial measures are limited in their usefulness and should be considered only as a supplement to our gaap financial measures;
•   these non-gaap financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, our gaap financial measures;
•   these non-gaap financial measures were not prepared in accordance with gaap and investors should not assume that the non-gaap financial measures presented in this annual report on form 10-k were prepared under a comprehensive set of rules or principles.
ebitda and adjusted ebitda (ceo performance award) reconcile to net income as follows (dollars in thousands):
provision for (benefit from) income taxes             1,188                      (1,101      )
ebitda                                               $6,437                     $35,803
adjusted ebitda (ceo performance award)             $84,932                     $57,682
liquidity and capital resources summary as of december 31, 2019, we had $172.3 million of cash and cash equivalents, a decrease of $177.2 million from december 31, 2018. cash and cash equivalents and investments totaled $396.3 million, an increase of $46.8 million from december 31, 2018.
cash flows the following table summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities (in thousands):
operating activities                                                           $65,673                   $63,875
investing activities                                                          (240,737     )              (9,860     )
financing activities                                                            (3,937     )             219,348
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities in 2019 of $65.7 million consisted of $0.9 million in net income, the net add-back of non-cash income statement items totaling $89.4 million and a $24.6 million net change in operating assets and liabilities. included in the non-cash items were $11.4 million in depreciation and amortization expense, $2.5 million related to the impairment of certain property and equipment, $78.5 million in stock-based compensation expense, and a $8.0 million increase in deferred income tax assets. the most significant increase to the portion of cash provided by operating activities related to the changes in operating assets and liabilities was a $24.0 million increase in deferred revenue. of the deferred revenue increase, $10.5 million resulted from increased hardware deferred revenue from taser subscription sales, and $13.1 million related to prepayments for software and sensors services. additionally, operating cash flows were positively impacted by an increase of $5.0 million in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, which was primarily a result of the timing of invoice payments. operating cash flows were negatively impacted by increased inventory of $4.9 million, increased accounts and notes receivable and contract assets of $38.8 million and increased prepaid expenses and other assets of $9.8 million. the increase in accounts and notes receivable and contract assets was attributable to increased sales in 2019, primarily sales made under subscription plans. the increase in prepaid expenses and other assets of $9.8 million during 2019 was primarily attributable to a $15.0 million prepayment related to a purchase agreement for cloud data storage that commenced in july 2019, net of usage of $7.0 million, and a smaller increase in deferred commissions.
investing activities we used $240.7 million for investing activities in 2019. purchases of investments, net of calls and maturities, were $224.4 million. we also invested $16.3 million in the purchase of property and equipment and intangibles.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities was $3.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. during 2019, we paid income and payroll taxes of approximately $4.1 million on behalf of employees who net-settled stock awards during the period. these cash outflows were partially offset by $0.1 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options.
liquidity and capital resources our most significant source of liquidity continues to be funds generated by operating activities and available cash and cash equivalents. in addition, our $50.0 million revolving credit facility is available for additional working capital needs or investment opportunities. under the terms of the line of credit, available borrowings are reduced by outstanding letters of credit. advances under the line of credit bear interest at libor plus 1.0 to 1.5% per year determined in accordance with a pricing grid based on our funded debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") ratio.
as of december 31, 2019, we had letters of credit outstanding of $2.7 million, leaving the net amount available for borrowing of $47.3 million. the facility matures on december 31, 2021 and has an accordion feature which allows for an increase in the total line of credit up to $100.0 million, subject to certain conditions, including the availability of additional bank commitments. there can be no assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels or that we will be able to maintain our ability to borrow under our revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2019 and 2018, there were no borrowings under the line.
our agreement with the bank requires us to comply with a maximum funded debt to ebitda ratio, as defined, of no greater than 2.50 to 1.00 based upon a trailing four fiscal quarter period. at december 31, 2019, the company's funded debt to ebitda ratio was 0.0004 to 1.00.
taser 60 installment purchase arrangements typically involve amounts invoiced in five equal installments at the beginning of each year of the five-year term. this is in contrast to a traditional ced sale in which the entire amount being charged for the hardware is invoiced upon shipment. this impacts liquidity in a commensurate fashion, with the cash for the taser 60 arrangement received in five annual installments rather than up front. it is our strategic intent to shift an increasing amount of our business to a subscription model, to better match the municipal budgeting process of our customers as well as to allow for multiple product offerings to be bundled into existing subscriptions. we carefully considered the cash flow impacts of this strategic shift and regularly revisit our cash flow forecast with the goal of maintaining a comfortable level of liquidity as we introduce commercial offerings in which we incur upfront cash costs to produce and fulfill hardware sales ahead of the cash inflows from our customers. we anticipate, and have prepared for, the majority of our arrangements in both reportable segments to be offered in similar subscription-type offerings over the coming years. with the launch of the taser 7, which is primarily being sold in subscription offerings, this strategic shift continues to accelerate.
based on our strong balance sheet and the fact that we had less than $0.1 million in total long-term debt and financing lease obligations at december 31, 2019, we believe financing will be available, both through our existing credit line and possible additional financing. however, there is no assurance that such funding will be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
we believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months. we and our board of directors may consider repurchases of our common stock. further repurchases of our common stock would take place on the open market, would be financed with available cash and are subject to authorization as well as market and business conditions.
purchase obligations in the table above represent $137.9 million of open purchase orders and $55.4 million of other purchase obligations. the open purchase orders represent both cancelable and non-cancelable purchase orders with key vendors, which are included in this table due to our strategic relationships with these vendors.
we are subject to u.s. federal income tax as well as income taxes imposed by state and foreign jurisdictions. as of december 31, 2019, we had $6.9 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions. the settlement period for our long-term income tax liabilities cannot be determined; however, the liabilities are expected to increase by approximately $1.2 million within the next 12 months.
off-balance sheet arrangements the discussion of off-balance sheet arrangements in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k is incorporated by reference herein.
critical accounting estimates we have identified the following accounting estimates as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations. the preparation of this annual report on form 10-k requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. while we do not believe that a change in these estimates is reasonably likely, there can be no assurance that our actual results will not differ from these estimates. the effect of these estimates on our business operations is discussed below.
product warranties we warranty our ceds, axon cameras and certain related accessories from manufacturing defects on a limited basis for a period of one year after purchase and, thereafter, will replace any defective unit for a fee. estimated costs for the standard warranty are charged to cost of products sold when revenue is recorded for the related product. future warranty costs are estimated based on historical data related to warranty claims on a quarterly basis and this rate is applied to current product sales. historically, reserve amounts have been increased if management becomes aware of a component failure or other issue that could result in larger than anticipated warranty claims from customers. the warranty reserve is reviewed quarterly to verify that it sufficiently reflects the remaining warranty obligations based on the anticipated expenditures over the balance of the warranty obligation period, and adjustments are made when actual warranty claim experience differs from estimates. as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, our warranty reserve was approximately $1.5 million and $0.9 million, respectively. warranty expense for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 was $1.6 million, $0.7 million and $0.1 million, respectively. the increase in warranty expense for the year ended december 31, 2019 was primarily driven by the initial reserves on the new product launch of our axon body 3 camera as well as our continued support of taser 7. as of december 31, 2019, our reserve included initial reserves related to axon body 3 cameras and docks. warranty expense for the year ended december 31, 2018 was impacted by higher than initially expected warranty claims for the axon flex 2 on-officer body camera. warranty expense for the year ended december 31, 2017, was impacted by lower than expected warranty claims for the axon body 2 on-officer body camera.
revenue related to separately-priced extended warranties is initially recorded as deferred revenue at its allocated amount and subsequently recognized as net sales on a straight-line basis over the warranty service period. costs related to extended warranties are charged to cost of product and service sales when incurred.
inventory inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. cost is determined using the weighted average cost of raw materials, which approximates the first-in, first-out ("fifo") method and includes allocations of manufacturing labor and overhead. provisions are made to reduce potentially excess, obsolete or slow-moving inventories, as well as trial and evaluation inventories to their net realizable value. these provisions are based on management's best estimate after considering historical demand, projected future demand, inventory purchase commitments, industry and market trends and conditions among other factors. we evaluate inventory costs for abnormal costs due to excess production capacity and treats such costs as period costs.
revenue recognition, deferred revenue and accounts and notes receivable we derive revenue from two primary sources: (1) the sale of physical products, including ceds, axon cameras, axon signal enabled devices, corresponding hardware extended warranties, and related accessories such as axon docks, cartridges and batteries, among others, and (2) subscriptions to our axon evidence digital evidence management saas (including data storage fees and other ancillary services), which includes varying levels of support. to a lesser extent, we also recognize training, professional services and revenue related to other software and saas services. we apply the five-step model outlined in topic 606.
many of our products and services are sold on a standalone basis. we also bundle our hardware products and services together and sell them to our customers in single transactions, where the customer can make payments over a multi-year period. for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, the composition of revenue recognized from contracts containing multiple performance obligations and those not containing multiple performance obligations was as follows (dollars in thousands):
taser                      software and sensors                               total contracts with multiple performance obligations         $130,761          46.4   %          $245,416              98.5     %          $376,177          70.9   %
contracts without multiple performance obligations       150,900          53.6                 3,783               1.5                 154,683          29.1
taser                      software and sensors                               total contracts with multiple performance obligations          $72,355          28.6   %          $159,318              95.4     %          $231,673          55.2   %
contracts without multiple performance obligations       180,760          71.4                 7,635               4.6                 188,395          44.8
taser                       software and sensors                                  total contracts with multiple performance obligations          $53,865           23.0    %           $102,529              93.8     %           $156,394           45.5    %
contracts without multiple performance obligations       180,647           77.0                   6,757               6.2                  187,404           54.5
(1) amounts for the years ended december 31, 2017 have not been adjusted under the modified retrospective method of adoption of topic 606, and are presented consistent with the prior period amounts reported under asc 605.
additionally, we offer customers the ability to purchase ced cartridges and certain services on an unlimited basis over the contractual term. due to the unlimited nature of these arrangements whereby we are obligated to deliver unlimited products at the customer's request, we account for these arrangements as stand-ready obligations, and recognize revenue ratably over the contract period. cost of product sales is recognized as the products are shipped to the customer.
revenues are recognized upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. we enter into contracts that can include various combinations of products and services, each of which is generally distinct and accounted for as a separate performance obligation. revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental taxing authorities.
a performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer, and is the unit of account in topic 606. for contracts with multiple performance obligations, we allocate the contract transaction price to each performance obligation using our estimate of the standalone selling price ("ssp") of each distinct good or service in the contract.
performance obligations to deliver products, including ceds, cameras and related accessories such as cartridges, batteries and docks, are generally satisfied at the point in time we ship the product, as this is when the customer obtains control of the asset under our standard terms and conditions. in certain contracts with non-standard terms and conditions, these performance obligations may not be satisfied until formal customer acceptance occurs. performance obligations to fulfill service-type extended warranties and provide our saas offerings, including axon evidence and other cloud services, are generally satisfied over time as the customer receives and consumes the benefits of these services over the stated service period.
sales tax collected on sales is netted against government remittances and thus, recorded on a net basis.
deferred revenue consists of payments received in advance related to products and services for which the criteria for revenue recognition have not yet been met. deferred revenue that will be recognized during the subsequent twelve month period from the balance sheet date is recorded as current deferred revenue and the remaining portion is recorded as long-term. generally, customers are billed in annual installments.
sales are typically made on credit, and we generally do not require collateral. management performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers' financial condition, and maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts. uncollectible accounts are charged to expense when deemed uncollectible, and accounts and notes receivable are presented net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. this allowance represents management's best estimate and application of judgment considering a number of factors, including third-party credit reports, actual payment history, cash discounts, customer-specific financial information and broader market and economic trends and conditions.
valuation of goodwill, intangibles and long-lived assets we do not amortize goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives. such assets are required to be tested for impairment at least annually, or sooner whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets may be impaired. we perform our annual impairment assessment in the fourth quarter of each year. finite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. management evaluates whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate the remaining estimated useful life of long-lived assets and intangible assets may warrant revision or that the remaining balance of these assets, including intangible assets with indefinite lives, may not be recoverable.
circumstances that might indicate long-lived assets might not be recoverable could include, but are not limited to, a change in the product mix, a change in the way products and services are created, produced or delivered, or a significant change in the way our products are branded and marketed. when performing a review for recoverability, management estimates the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. the amount of the impairment loss, if impairment exists, is calculated based on the excess of the carrying amounts of the assets over their estimated fair value computed using discounted cash flows. during the year ended december 31, 2019, we abandoned certain capitalized software related to implementation work on an enterprise resource planning system conversion, resulting in an impairment charge of $1.3 million, and certain planning and site development activities related to our planned new headquarters, resulting in an impairment charge of $0.7 million, both of which were included in sales, general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. during the year ended december 31, 2018, we abandoned certain developed technology acquired in a business combination resulting in an impairment charge of $2.0 million. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we abandoned certain developed technology acquired in a business combination resulting in an impairment charge of $1.0 million.
income taxes we recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscal year by tax jurisdiction. we also recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carry forwards.
we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such positions are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. we must also assess whether uncertain tax positions as filed could result in the recognition of a liability for possible interest and penalties if any. we have completed research and development tax credit studies for each year a tax credit was claimed for federal, arizona, and california income tax purposes. we determined that it was more likely than not that the full benefit of the research and development tax credit would not be sustained on examination and accordingly, have established a liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $6.1 million as of december 31, 2019. in addition, we established a $0.1 million liability related to uncertain tax positions for certain federal income tax liabilities, for a total unrecognized tax benefit of $6.2 million. we expect the amount of the unrecognized tax benefit to increase by approximately $1.2 million within the next 12 months. should the unrecognized tax benefit of $6.2 million be recognized, our effective tax rate would be favorably impacted. our estimates are based on information available to us at the time we prepare the income tax provision. our income tax returns are subject to audit by federal, state, and local governments, generally years after the returns are filed. these returns could be subject to material adjustments or differing interpretations of the tax laws. our u.s. federal income tax return for fiscal year 2016 is currently under audit by the irs.
our calculation of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. our estimates of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty or finality to an anticipated outcome, changes in accounting or tax laws in the u.s. and internationally, or changes in other facts or circumstances. in addition, we recognize liabilities for potential tax contingencies based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. if we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary, or if the recorded tax liability is greater than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit, or additional income tax expense, respectively, in our consolidated financial statements.
in preparing our consolidated financial statements, we assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be realized from future taxable income. in evaluating our ability to recover our deferred income tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including operating results, ongoing tax planning and forecasts of future taxable income on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis. a valuation allowance is established if we determine that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the net deferred tax assets will not be realized.
although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax determination involves significant judgments that could become subject to audit by tax authorities in the ordinary course of business. as of december 31, 2019, we would need to generate approximately $88.5 million of pre-tax income in the u.s. in order to realize the net deferred tax assets for which a benefit has been recorded. this estimate considers the reversal of approximately $25.3 million in gross deferred tax liabilities, $6.2 million tax-effected. we have state net operating losses ("nols") of $1.2 million, which produce deferred tax assets of $0.1 million, which expire at various dates between 2029 and 2036. we anticipate sufficient future pre-tax book income to realize a large portion of our deferred tax assets. however, based on expected income for years in which arizona r&d tax credits are set to expire, and cumulative losses in certain foreign jurisdictions, a reserve of $7.2 million has been recorded as a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets as of december 31, 2019.
stock-based compensation we have historically granted stock-based compensation to key employees and non-employee directors as a means of attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel. stock-based compensation awards primarily consist of service-based rsus, performance-based rsus, and performance-based stock options. our stock-based compensation awards are classified as equity and measured at the fair market value of the underlying stock at the grant date. for service-based awards, we recognize rsu expense using the straight-line attribution method over the requisite service period. vesting of performance-based rsus and options is contingent upon the achievement of certain performance criteria related to our operating performance, as well as successful and timely development and market acceptance of future product introductions. for performance-based rsus containing only performance conditions, compensation cost is recognized using the graded attribution model over the explicit or implicit service period. for awards containing multiple service, performance or market conditions, where all conditions must be satisfied prior to vesting, compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period, which is defined as the longest explicit, implicit or derived service period, based on management's estimate of the probability and timing of the performance criteria being satisfied, adjusted at each balance sheet date. for both service-based and performance-based rsus, we account for forfeitures as they occur as a reduction to stock-based compensation expense and additional paid-in-capital.
for performance-based options, stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the expected performance achievement period of individual performance goals when the achievement of each individual performance goal becomes probable. for performance-based awards with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of both performance and market conditions, stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the longer of the expected achievement period of the performance and market conditions, beginning at the point in time that the relevant performance condition is considered probable of achievement. the fair value of such awards is estimated on the grant date using monte carlo simulations. refer to note 12 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements within this annual report on form 10-k.
we have granted a total of approximately 14.5 million performance-based awards (options and restricted stock units) of which approximately 12.4 million are outstanding as of december 31, 2019, the vesting of which is contingent upon the achievement of certain performance criteria including the successful development and market acceptance of future product introductions as well as our future sales targets and operating performance and market capitalization. compensation expense for performance awards will be recognized based on management's best estimate of the probability of the performance criteria being satisfied using the most currently available projections of future product adoption and operating performance, adjusted at each balance sheet date. changes in the subjective and probability-based assumptions can materially affect the estimates of the fair value of the awards and timing of recognition of stock-based compensation and consequently, the related amount recognized in our statements of operations and comprehensive income.
contingencies and accrued litigation expense we are subject to the possibility of various loss contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business, including product-related and other litigation. we consider the likelihood of loss or impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability, as well as our ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss in determining loss contingencies. an estimated loss contingency is accrued when it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. we regularly evaluate current information available to us to determine whether such accruals should be adjusted and whether new accruals are required. refer to note 9 of our consolidated financial statements within this annual report on form 10-k.