item 1a. risk factors in addition to the other information contained in this annual report and the exhibits hereto, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business. our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. this section contains forward-looking statements. you should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements set forth at the end of item 1. business of this annual report. additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.
business and operational risks we face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with the rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the medical device markets in which we participate are highly competitive. we encounter significant competition across our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold from various medical device companies. some of our competitors may have greater financial and marketing resources than we do, including as a result of consolidation among companies in our industry. our primary competitors include abbott laboratories and medtronic plc,, as well as a wide range of medical device companies that sell a single or limited number of competitive products or which participate in only a specific market segment or set of segments. we also face competition from non-medical device companies, including pharmaceutical companies, which may offer alternative therapies for disease states also amenable to treatment using our products. new direct or indirect competitors may emerge in the future, potentially including companies introducing new sales or distribution models to our industry or leveraging robotic, navigation, and/or other automation technologies into markets in which we compete.
in addition, the medical device markets in which we participate are characterized by extensive research and development and rapid technological change. developments by other companies of products and/or services, processes or technologies may make our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive and may negatively impact our net sales. it is necessary for us to devote continued efforts and financial resources to the development or acquisition of scientifically advanced technologies and products. in addition, we will need to apply our technologies cost-effectively across product lines and markets, obtain patent and other protection for our technologies and products, obtain required regulatory and reimbursement approvals and successfully manufacture and market our products consistent with our quality standards. if we fail to develop or acquire new products or enhance existing products, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. in addition, a delay in the timing of the launch of next-generation products and the overall performance of, and continued physician confidence in, those products may result in declines in our market share and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we may experience declines in market size, average selling prices for our products, medical procedure volumes and our share of the markets in which we compete, which may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we continue to experience pressures across many of our businesses due to competitive activity, increased market power of our customers as the healthcare industry consolidates, economic pressures experienced by our customers, public perception of our products, and the impact of managed care organizations and other third-party payers. these and other factors may adversely impact market sizes, as well as our share of the markets in which we compete, the average selling prices for our products or medical procedure volumes. there can be no assurance that the size of the markets in which we compete will increase above existing levels, that we will be able to regain or gain market share or compete effectively on the basis of price or that the number of procedures in which our products are used will increase above existing levels. decreases in market sizes or our market share and declines in average selling prices or procedural volumes could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
continued consolidation in the healthcare industry or additional governmental controls exerted over pricing in key markets could lead to increased demands for price concessions or limit or eliminate our ability to sell to certain of our significant market segments, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
numerous initiatives and reforms by legislators, regulators and third-party payers to curb the rising cost of healthcare have catalyzed a consolidation of aggregate purchasing power within the markets in which we sell our products. additionally, a growing number of countries have instituted or are contemplating introducing regional or national tender processes driven primarily by price. in some cases, such processes may favor local companies to multinational companies like boston scientific. as the healthcare industry consolidates, competition to provide products and services is expected to continue to intensify, resulting in pricing pressures, decreased average selling prices and the exclusion of certain suppliers from important market segments. we expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, government contracting requirements and
societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide healthcare industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among our customers, which may increase competition, exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and services and may adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations.
healthcare cost containment pressures, government payment and delivery system reforms, changes in private payer policies, and marketplace consolidations could decrease the demand for our products, the prices which customers are willing to pay for those products and/or the number of procedures performed using our devices, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our products are purchased principally by hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers around the world that typically bill various third-party payers, including government programs, authorities or agencies (e.g., medicare and medicaid in the u.s.) and private health plans, for the healthcare services provided to their patients. governments and payers may also institute changes in healthcare delivery systems that may reduce funding for services or encourage greater scrutiny of healthcare costs. the ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for their products and services from private and governmental third-party payers is critical to the success of medical technology companies because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. reimbursement and funding vary by country and can significantly impact the acceptance of new products and technologies and the use of established products and technologies. even if we develop a promising new product, we may find limited demand for the product unless reimbursement approval is obtained from private and governmental third-party payers. further legislative or administrative reforms to the reimbursement systems in the u.s., japan, or other countries in a manner that significantly reduces reimbursement for procedures using our medical devices or denies coverage for those procedures, including price regulation, site of service requirements, competitive bidding and tendering, coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness of therapies, heightened clinical data requirements, technology assessments and managed-care arrangements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations we are subject to a number of market, business, financial, legal and regulatory risks and uncertainties with respect to our international operations that could have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
international net sales accounted for 42 percent of our global net sales in 2019. an important part of our strategy is to continue pursuing growth opportunities in net sales and market share outside of the u.s. by expanding global presence, including in emerging markets. our international operations are subject to a number of market, business and financial risks and uncertainties, including those related to our use of channel partners, geopolitical and economic instability, foreign currency exchange and interest rate fluctuations, competitive product offerings, local changes in healthcare financing and payment systems and healthcare delivery systems, local product preferences and requirements, including preferences for local manufacturers, workforce instability, weaker intellectual property protection in certain countries than exists in the u.s. and longer accounts receivable cycles. such risks and uncertainties may adversely impact our ability to implement our growth strategy in these markets and, as a result, our sales growth, market share and operating profits from our international operations may be adversely affected.
our international operations are subject to established and developing legal and regulatory requirements for medical devices in each country in which our products are marketed and sold. most foreign countries have medical device regulations. further, most countries outside of the u.s. require product approvals be renewed or recertified on a regular basis in order to continue to be marketed and sold there. in addition, several countries that previously did not have regulatory requirements for medical devices have established such requirements in recent years and other countries have expanded, or plan to expand, existing regulations, including requiring local clinical data in addition to global clinical data. these factors have caused or may cause us to experience more uncertainty, risk, expense and delay in commercializing products in certain foreign jurisdictions, which could affect our ability to obtain approvals for our products in those jurisdictions and adversely impact our net sales, market share and operating profits from our international operations.
further, international markets are affected by economic pressure to contain healthcare costs, which can lead to more rigorous evidence requirements and lower reimbursement rates for either our products directly or procedures in which our products are used. governments and payers may also institute changes in healthcare delivery systems that may reduce funding for services or encourage greater scrutiny of healthcare costs. in addition, certain international markets may also be affected by foreign government efforts to reference reimbursement rates in other countries. all of these types of changes may ultimately reduce selling prices of our products and/or reduce the number of procedures in which our products are used, which may adversely impact our net sales, market share and operating profits from our international operations.
in addition, our international operations are subject to other established and developing u.s. and foreign legal and regulatory requirements, including fcpa and/or similar laws in other countries and u.s. and foreign import and export controls and licensing requirements, trade protection and embargo measures and customs laws. global businesses, including those in the medical device industry, are facing increasing scrutiny of, and heightened enforcement efforts with respect to, their international operations. any
alleged or actual failure to comply with legal and regulatory requirements may subject us to government scrutiny, civil and/or criminal proceedings, sanctions and other liabilities, which may have a material adverse effect on our international operations, financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity.
in a referendum on june 23, 2016, voters approved the exit of the united kingdom (uk) from the european union (eu). following a formal notification by the uk to the eu that it intends to leave the eu, and after several extensions to the deadline for doing so agreed between the uk and the eu, the uk legally withdrew from the eu on january 31, 2020. pursuant to the withdrawal agreement entered into on january 24, 2020, the uk will maintain access to the single eu market and to the global trade deals negotiated by the eu on behalf of its members and remain subject to eu for a transition period ending on december 31, 2020. exit of the uk from the eu will have numerous consequences in all areas of our business, including, economic, regulatory and operational, and the actual impact is very difficult to assess at this time. changes in industry regulations could have an effect on existing ce certificates being renewed and new certificates being issued which would impact the ability to trade; however, it is impossible to assess the full impact at this stage.
at this stage, the materiality to us of brexit remains unknown and unquantifiable. however, we have implemented a brexit response team and have put in place mitigation procedures to reduce any significant operational risks that have been identified to date.
any significant changes in the political and economic, financial, competitive, legal and regulatory or reimbursement conditions where we conduct, or plan to expand, our international operations may have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
if we are unable to manage our debt levels, maintain investment grade credit ratings at the three ratings agencies, or experience a disruption in our cash flows it could have an adverse effect on our cost of borrowing, financial condition or results of operations.
as part of our strategy to maximize stockholder value, we use financial leverage to manage our cost of capital. our outstanding debt balance was $10.008 billion as of december 31, 2019 and $7.056 billion as of december 31, 2018. although we currently have investment grade ratings at moody's investor service, standard & poor's rating service and fitch ratings, our inability to maintain investment grade credit ratings could increase our cost of borrowing funds in the future and reduce our access to liquidity. delays in our product development and new product launches could result in disruption in our cash flow or our ability to continue to effectively manage our debt levels could have an adverse effect on our cost of borrowing, financial condition or results of operations. in addition, our credit and security facilities contain covenants that require us to maintain specified financial ratios and place other limits on our business. if we are unable to satisfy these covenants, we may be required to obtain waivers from our lenders and no assurance can be made that our lenders would grant such waivers on favorable terms or at all and we could be required to repay any borrowings on demand.
we may record future intangible asset impairment charges related to one or more of our global reporting units, which could materially adversely impact our results of operations.
we test our goodwill balances during the second quarter of each year for impairment, or more frequently if indicators are present or changes in circumstances suggest that impairment may exist. we assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level and, in evaluating the potential for impairment of goodwill, we make assumptions regarding estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows and discount rates. in the second quarter of 2019, we performed our annual goodwill impairment test for all of our reporting units existing at the time. in conjunction with our annual test, the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and none of our reporting units were at risk of impairment. refer to critical accounting policies and estimates contained in item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of this annual report for a discussion of key assumptions used in our testing.
on a quarterly basis, we monitor the key drivers of fair value to detect events or other changes that would warrant an interim impairment test of our goodwill and other intangible assets. relatively small declines in the future performance and cash flows of a reporting unit or asset group, changes in our reporting units or in the structure of our business as a result of future reorganizations, acquisitions or divestitures of assets or businesses, or small changes in other key assumptions, may result in the recognition of significant asset impairment charges, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
failure to integrate acquired businesses into our operations successfully could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
as part of our strategy to realign our business portfolio, we have completed multiple acquisitions over the past three years and may pursue additional acquisitions in the future. our integration of acquired businesses requires significant efforts, including
corporate restructuring and the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, regulatory, supply chain, manufacturing, quality systems and finance. these efforts result in additional expenses and involve significant management time. some of the factors that could affect the success of our acquisitions include, among others, the effectiveness of our due diligence process, our ability to execute our business plan for the acquired companies, the strength of the acquired technology, results of clinical trials, regulatory approvals and reimbursement levels of the acquired products and related procedures, the continued performance of critical transition services, our ability to adequately fund acquired in-process research and development projects and retain key employees and our ability to achieve synergies with our acquired companies, such as increasing sales of our products, achieving cost savings and effectively combining technologies to develop new products. in addition, foreign acquisitions involve unique risks, including those related to integration of operations across different geographies, cultures and languages, currency risks and risks associated with the economic, political, legal and regulatory environment in specific countries. our failure to manage successfully and coordinate the growth of the acquired companies could have an adverse impact on our business and our future growth. in addition, we cannot be certain that the businesses we acquire will become profitable or remain so, and if our acquisitions are not successful, we may record related asset impairment charges in the future or experience other negative consequences on our results.
we may not be successful in our strategy relating to future strategic acquisitions of, investments in, or alliances with, other companies and businesses, which have been a significant source of historical growth for us, and will be key to our diversification into new markets and technologies.
our strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances are intended to further expand our ability to offer customers effective, high quality medical devices that satisfy their interventional needs. these acquisitions, investments and alliances have been a significant source of our growth. if we are unsuccessful in our acquisitions, investments and alliances, we may be unable to grow our business. the success of our strategy relating to future acquisitions, investments or alliances will depend on a number of factors, including:
•   our ability to identify suitable opportunities for acquisition, investment or alliance, if at all,
•   our ability to manage acquisition, investment or alliance opportunities within our capital capacity and prioritize those investments to execute on our strategy,
•   our ability to manage our due diligence process to uncover potential issues with targets,
•   our ability to finance any future acquisition, investment or alliance on terms acceptable to us, if at all,
•   our ability to complete acquisitions, investments or alliances in a timely manner on terms that are satisfactory to us, if at all,
•   our ability to successfully integrate and operate acquired businesses,
•   our ability to successfully identify and retain key target employees,
•   our ability to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including foreign laws and regulations, and
•   our ability to protect intellectual property and to prevail in litigation related to newly acquired technologies.
any potential future acquisitions we consummate may be dilutive to our earnings and may require additional debt or equity financing, depending on their size or nature.
we may not realize the expected benefits from our restructuring and optimization initiatives, our long-term expense reduction programs may result in an increase in short-term expenses and our efforts may lead to unintended consequences.
we monitor the dynamics of the economy, the healthcare industry and the markets in which we compete and assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency and to better align expenses with revenues, while preserving our ability to make investments in research and development projects, capital and our people that we believe are important to our long-term success. as a result of these assessments, we have undertaken restructuring and optimization initiatives in order to enhance our growth potential and position us for long-term success. in november 2018, we announced a restructuring initiative (the 2019 restructuring plan) intended to support our effort to improve operating performance and meet anticipated market demands by ensuring that we are appropriately structured and resourced to deliver sustainable value to patients and customers. key activities under the 2019 restructuring plan include supply chain network optimization intended to maximize our global manufacturing and distribution network capacity and building functional capabilities that support business growth. these activities were initiated in 2019, with the majority of activity expected to be complete by the end of 2021. the 2019 restructuring plan is expected to result in total pre-tax charges of approximately $200 million to $300 million and reduce gross annual pre-tax operating expenses by approximately $100 million to $150 million by the end of 2022 as program benefits are realized. we expect a substantial portion of the savings to be reinvested in strategic growth initiatives. these measures could yield unintended consequences, such as distraction of our management and employees, business disruption, inability to attract or retain key personnel and reduced employee productivity, which could negatively affect our business, sales, financial condition and results of operations. moreover, our restructuring and optimization initiatives result in charges and expenses some of which impact our operating results. we cannot
guarantee that the activities under our restructuring plans or other optimization initiatives will result in the desired efficiencies and estimated cost savings.
current domestic and international economic conditions could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations.
uncertainty about global economic conditions, including those resulting from credit and sovereign debt issues, has caused and may continue to cause disruption in the financial markets, including diminished liquidity and credit availability. these conditions may adversely affect our suppliers, leading them to experience financial difficulties or be unable to borrow money to fund their operations, which could cause disruptions in our ability to produce our products. our customers may experience financial difficulties or be unable to borrow money to fund their operations, which may adversely impact their ability or decision to purchase our products, particularly capital equipment, or to pay for our products that they purchase on a timely basis, if at all. in addition, we have accounts receivable factoring programs in certain european and asian countries. continued deterioration of the global economy or increase in sovereign debt issues may impact our ability to transfer receivables to third parties in certain of those countries in the future. third parties such as banks offering factoring programs in these countries are looking to reduce their exposure levels to government owned or supported debt. this could result in terminations of, or changes to the costs or credit limits of our existing factoring programs. such terminations or changes could have a negative impact on our cash flow and days sales outstanding.
the strength and timing of economic recovery remains uncertain and there can be no assurance that there will not be further deterioration in the global economy. accordingly, we cannot predict to what extent global economic conditions, including sovereign debt issues and increased focus on healthcare systems and costs in the u.s. and abroad, may continue to impact negatively our average selling prices, net sales and profit margins, procedural volumes and reimbursement rates from third party payers. in addition, conditions in the financial markets and other factors beyond our control may adversely affect our ability to borrow money in the credit markets, access the capital markets and to obtain financing for acquisitions or other general corporate and commercial purposes.
our future growth is dependent upon the development of new products and enhancement of existing products, which requires significant research and development, clinical trials and regulatory approvals, all of which may be very expensive and time-consuming and may not result in commercially viable products.
in order to develop new products and enhance existing products, we focus our research and development programs largely on the development of next-generation and novel technology offerings across multiple programs and businesses. the development of new products and enhancement of existing products requires significant investment in research and development, clinical trials and regulatory approvals. the results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products, complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the united states and abroad, manufacture products in a cost-effective manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property protection for our products and gain and maintain market approval of our products. there can be no assurance that any products now in development or that we may seek to develop in the future will achieve technological feasibility, obtain regulatory approval or gain market acceptance. if we are unable to develop and launch new products and enhanced products, our ability to maintain or expand our market position in the markets in which we participate may be materially adversely impacted. further, we are continuing to investigate and have completed several acquisitions that involve opportunities to further expand our presence in and diversify into, priority growth areas by accessing new products and technologies. there can be no assurance that our investments will be successful or that we will be able to access new products and technologies on terms favorable to us, or that these products and technologies will achieve commercial feasibility, obtain regulatory approval or gain market acceptance. a delay in the development or approval of new products and technologies or our decision to reduce our investments may adversely impact the contribution of these technologies to our future growth.
additionally, certain products or groups of products, in particular new products or enhancements of existing products, may have a disproportionate impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. failure to meet growth projections, poor clinical outcomes, increasing regulatory requirements, launch delays and inability to effectively scale manufacturing and achieve targeted margins with respect to any of these products or groups of products in particular may materially adversely impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
natural disasters, public health crises, and other catastrophic events or other events outside of our control may affect sales of our products or disrupt our supply chain and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if any of our facilities, or the facilities of our suppliers or customers, is affected by natural disasters, public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, or other events outside of our control, our business and operating results could suffer. these types of
events could negatively impact procedure volumes in the affected regions or depending upon the severity, globally, which could adversely impact our operating results. for example, we anticipate that the novel coronavirus may have a negative sales impact due to the potential effect on procedure volumes in china and supply chain disruption.
interruption of our manufacturing operations could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our products are designed and manufactured in technology centers around the world, either by us or third parties. in most cases, the manufacturing of any specific product is concentrated in one or a few locations. factors such as a failure to follow specific internal protocols and procedures, equipment malfunction, environmental factors or damage to one or more of our facilities could adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products. in the event of an interruption in manufacturing, we may be unable to quickly move to alternate means of producing affected products or to meet customer demand. in the event of a significant interruption, for example, as a result of a failure to follow regulatory protocols and procedures, we may experience lengthy delays in resuming production of affected products due primarily to needs for regulatory approvals. as a result, we may experience loss of market share, which we may be unable to recapture and harm to our reputation, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
disruptions in the supply of the materials and components used in manufacturing our products or the sterilization of our products by third-party vendors could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we purchase the majority of the materials and components used in manufacturing our products from third-party vendors. certain of these materials and components are purchased from single sources due to quality considerations, expertise, costs or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. in certain cases, we may not be able to establish additional or replacement vendors for such materials or components in a timely or cost effective manner, largely as a result of fda regulations that require validation of materials and components prior to their use in our products and the complex nature of our and many of our vendors' manufacturing processes. a reduction or interruption in the supply of materials and components used in manufacturing our products, an inability to timely develop and validate alternative sources if required or a significant increase in the price of such materials or components could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, many of our products require sterilization prior to sale and we utilize a mix of internal resources and contract sterilizers to perform this service. to the extent we or our contract sterilizers are unable to sterilize our products, whether due to capacity, availability of materials for sterilization, regulatory or other constraints, including federal and state regulations on the use of ethylene oxide, we may be unable to transition to other internal resources, contract sterilizers, sterilizer locations or sterilization methods in a timely or cost effective manner or at all, which could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
our share price has been volatile and may fluctuate, and accordingly, the value of an investment in our common stock may also fluctuate.
stock markets in general and our common stock in particular have experienced significant price and trading volume volatility over recent years. the market price and trading volume of our common stock may continue to be subject to significant fluctuations due to factors described under this item 1a. risk factors, as well as economic and geopolitical conditions in general and to variability in the prevailing sentiment regarding our operations or business prospects, as well as, among other things, changing investment priorities of our stockholders. because the market price of our common stock fluctuates significantly, stockholders may not be able sell their shares at attractive prices.
if we are unable to attract or retain key personnel, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results from operations.
in our industry, there is substantial competition for key personnel in the regions in which we operate and we may face increased competition for such employees, particularly in emerging markets as the trend toward globalization continues. our business depends to a significant extent on the continued service of senior management and other key personnel, the development of additional management personnel and the hiring of new qualified employees. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in retaining and developing existing personnel or recruiting new personnel. the loss of one or more key employees, our ability to attract or develop additional qualified employees or any delay in hiring key personnel could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
legal and regulatory risk factors healthcare policy changes, including healthcare reform legislation, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
political, economic and policy influences are leading the healthcare industry to make substantial structural and financial changes that will continue affecting our results of operations. government and private sector initiatives limiting the growth of healthcare costs (including price regulation), coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness of therapies, technology assessments and healthcare delivery structure reforms, are continuing in many countries where we do business. we believe that these changes are causing the marketplace to put increased emphasis on the delivery of more treatments that can reduce costs, improve efficiencies and/or increase patient access. although we believe our less-invasive products and technologies generate favorable clinical outcomes, value and cost efficiency, the resources necessary and evidence necessary to demonstrate value to our customers, patients, payers and other stakeholders may be significant and it may take a longer period of time to gain widespread adoption. moreover, there can be no assurance that our strategies will succeed for every product.
the patient protection and affordable care act (aca) and health care and education affordability reconciliation act of 2010 were enacted into law in the u.s. in march 2010. as a u.s. headquartered company with significant domestic sales, the medical device tax included in this law has materially affected us. the law imposed on medical device manufacturers a 2.3 percent excise tax on u.s. sales of class i, ii and iii medical devices beginning in january 2013. in december 2015, this law was temporarily suspended until december 2019, when the law was permanently repealed as part of the 2020 fiscal spending bill. under the current administration, there may be a permanent repeal or an alteration of other elements of the aca, but at this time it is not definite that a change will be enacted or what new healthcare provisions may be implemented. while the implementation of the medical device tax has been repealed, other provisions of this law, including comparative effectiveness research, pilot programs to evaluate alternative payment methodologies and other changes to the payment systems, have started changing the way healthcare is delivered, reimbursed and funded. while the extent to which it has affected our business is not clear, these changes, over the long-term, may adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we cannot predict the specific healthcare programs and regulations that will be ultimately implemented by regional and national governments globally. however, any changes that lower reimbursements for either our products and/or procedures using our products reduce medical procedure volumes and/or increase cost containment pressures on us or others in the healthcare sector could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we are subject to extensive and dynamic medical device regulation, which may impede or hinder the approval or sale of our products and, in some cases, may ultimately result in an inability to obtain approval of certain products or may result in the recall or seizure of previously approved products.
our products, marketing, sales and development activities and manufacturing processes are subject to extensive and rigorous regulation by the fda pursuant to the federal food, drug and cosmetic act (fdc act), by comparable agencies in foreign countries and by other regulatory agencies and governing bodies. under the fdc act, medical devices must receive fda clearance or approval or an exemption from such clearance or approval before they can be commercially marketed in the u.s. in the european union (eu), we will be required to comply with the new medical device regulation (mdr or eu mdr) effective may 2020 which will supersede the current medical device directives. medical devices which have a valid ce certificate to the current directives (issued before may 2020) can continue to be sold until may 2024 or until the ce certificate expires, whichever comes first, providing there are no significant changes to the design or intended use. the ce mark is applied following approval from an independent notified body or declaration of conformity. the process of obtaining marketing approval or clearance from the fda or by comparable agencies in foreign countries for new products, or with respect to enhancements or modifications to existing products, could:
•   require the expenditure of substantial resources,
•   involve rigorous pre-clinical and clinical testing, as well as increased post-market surveillance,
•   require changes to products and
•   result in limitations on the indicated uses of products.
in addition, exported devices are subject to the regulatory requirements of each country to which the device is exported. some countries do not have medical device regulations, but in most foreign countries, medical devices are regulated. frequently, regulatory approval may first be obtained in a foreign country prior to application in the u.s. due to differing regulatory requirements; however, other countries, such as china for example, require approval in the country of origin or legal manufacturer first. most countries outside of the u.s. require that product approvals be renewed or recertified on a regular basis, generally every
four to five years. the renewal or recertification process requires that we evaluate any device changes and any new regulations or standards relevant to the device and conduct appropriate testing to document continued compliance. where renewal or recertification applications are required, they may need to be renewed and/or approved in order to continue selling our products in those countries. there can be no assurance that we will receive the required approvals for new products or modifications to existing products on a timely basis or that any approval will not be subsequently withdrawn or conditioned upon extensive post-market study requirements.
our global regulatory environment is becoming increasingly stringent and unpredictable, which could increase the time, cost and complexity of obtaining regulatory approvals for our products, as well as the clinical and regulatory costs of supporting those approvals. several countries that did not have regulatory requirements for medical devices have established such requirements in recent years and other countries have expanded on existing regulations. certain regulators are exhibiting less flexibility and are requiring local preclinical and clinical data in addition to global data. while harmonization of global regulations has been pursued, requirements continue to differ significantly among countries. we expect this global regulatory environment will continue to evolve, which could impact our ability to obtain future approvals for our products or could increase the cost and time to obtain such approvals in the future.
the fda and other worldwide regulatory agencies actively monitor compliance with local laws and regulations through review and inspection of design and manufacturing practices, recordkeeping, reporting of adverse events, labeling and promotional practices. the fda can ban certain medical devices, detain or seize adulterated or misbranded medical devices, order repair, replacement or refund of these devices and require notification of health professionals and others with regard to medical devices that present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health. the fda can take action against a company that promotes "off-label" uses. the fda may also enjoin and restrain a company for certain violations of the fdc act and other amending acts pertaining to medical devices, or initiate action for criminal prosecution of such violations. any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict a company from effectively marketing and selling its products, may limit a company's ability to obtain future premarket clearances or approvals and could result in a substantial modification to our business practices and operations. international sales of medical devices manufactured in the u.s. that are not approved by the fda for use in the u.s., or that are banned or deviate from lawful performance standards, are subject to fda export requirements.
regulations regarding the development, manufacture and sale of medical devices are evolving and subject to future change. we cannot predict what impact, if any, those changes might have on our business. failure to comply with regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product or manufacturer could result in fines, delays or suspensions of regulatory clearances or approvals, seizures or recalls of products, physician advisories or other field actions, operating restrictions and/or criminal prosecution. we may also initiate field actions as a result of a failure to strictly comply with our internal quality policies. the failure to receive product approval clearance on a timely basis, suspensions of regulatory clearances, seizures or recalls of products, physician advisories or other field actions, or the withdrawal of product approval by the fda or by comparable agencies in foreign countries could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our products are continually subject to clinical trials and other analyses conducted by us, our competitors or other third parties, the results of which may be unexpected, or perceived as unfavorable by the market, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
as a part of the regulatory process of obtaining marketing clearance for new products and new indications for existing products, we conduct and participate in numerous clinical trials with a variety of study designs, patient populations and trial endpoints. unexpected or inconsistent clinical data from existing or future clinical trials or other analyses conducted by us, by our competitors or by third parties, including acquired businesses prior to acquisition by us, or the fda's or the market's perception of this clinical data, may adversely impact our ability to obtain product approvals, our position in, and share of, the markets in which we participate and our business, financial condition, results of operations or future prospects.
the medical device industry and its customers continue to face scrutiny and regulation by governmental authorities and are often the subject of numerous investigations, often involving marketing and other business practices or product quality issues including device recalls or advisories. these investigations could result in the commencement of civil and criminal proceedings; imposition of substantial fines, penalties and administrative remedies, including corporate integrity agreements, stipulated judgments or exclusion; diversion of our employees' and management's attention; imposition of administrative costs and have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity; and may lead to greater governmental regulation in the future.
the medical devices we design, develop, manufacture and market are subject to rigorous regulation by the fda and numerous other federal, state and foreign governmental authorities. these authorities continue to closely scrutinize our industry. we have received and in the future may receive, subpoenas and other requests for information from congress and state and federal
governmental agencies, including, among others, the u.s. department of justice (doj), the office of inspector general of the department of health and human services (hhs) and the department of defense, as well as from foreign governments and agencies. the requests and/or subpoenas we have received relate primarily to financial arrangements with healthcare providers, regulatory compliance and sale and/or product promotional practices. we have cooperated with these subpoenas and other requests for information and expect to continue to do so in the future. we cannot predict when a matter will be resolved, the outcome of the matter or its impact on us and cooperation may involve significant costs, including document production costs. an adverse outcome in any matter could include the commencement of an investigation, civil and criminal proceedings, substantial fines, penalties and administrative remedies, including exclusion from government reimbursement programs, entry into corporate integrity agreements (cias) with governmental agencies and amendments to any existing cias. in addition, resolution of any matter could involve the imposition of additional and costly compliance obligations. cooperation with requests and investigations from external agencies result in employee resource costs and diversion of employee focus. if any requests or investigations continue over a long period of time, they could divert the attention of management from the day-to-day operations of our business and impose significant additional administrative burdens on us. these potential consequences, as well as any adverse outcome from these requests or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
in addition, certain foreign governments, state governments (including that of massachusetts, where we are headquartered) and the u.s. federal government have enacted legislation aimed at increasing transparency of our interactions with healthcare providers. as an example, compliance with the u.s. physician payment sunshine act requires us by law to disclose payments and other transfers of value to all u.s. physicians and u.s. teaching hospitals at the u.s. federal level made after august 1, 2013. any failure to comply with these legal and regulatory requirements could impact our business. in addition, we have and may continue to devote substantial additional time and financial resources to further develop and implement enhanced structure, policies, systems and processes to comply with enhanced legal and regulatory requirements, which may also impact our business.
we anticipate that governmental authorities will continue to scrutinize our industry closely and that additional regulation may increase compliance and legal cost and exposure to litigation and have additional adverse effects on our operations.
changes in tax laws, unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies, or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity.
we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes and tariffs, in both the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions. we are subject to ongoing tax audits in various jurisdictions. tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision, and we have established contingency reserves for material, known tax exposures. however, the calculation of such tax exposures involves the application of complex tax laws and regulations in many jurisdictions, as well as interpretations as to the legality under european union state aid rules of tax advantages granted in certain jurisdictions. therefore, there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these disputes or other tax audits or that issues raised by tax authorities will be resolved at a financial cost that does not exceed our related reserves and the actual outcomes of these disputes and other tax audits could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition.
changes in tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, in the jurisdictions where we are subject to tax could materially impact our effective tax rate. the u.s. enacted the tax cuts and jobs act (tcja) on december 22, 2017 and we expect the u.s. treasury to issue future notices and regulations under the tcja. certain provisions of the tcja and the regulations issued thereunder could have a significant impact on our future results of operations as could interpretations made by the company in the absence of regulatory guidance and judicial interpretations. the result of the upcoming u.s. presidential and congressional elections may result in additional u.s. tax law changes that could have a material impact on our future effective tax rate.
additionally, the organization for economic co-operation and development (oecd), the european commission (ec) and individual taxing jurisdictions where we and our affiliates do business have recently focused on issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations. the oecd has released its comprehensive plan to create an agreed set of international rules for fighting base erosion and profit shifting. in addition, the oecd, the ec and individual countries are examining changes to how taxing rights should be allocated among countries considering the digital economy. as a result, the tax laws in the u.s. and other countries in which we and our affiliates do business could change on a prospective or retroactive basis and any such changes could materially adversely affect our business.
our operations in puerto rico and costa rica presently benefit from various tax incentives and grants. unless these incentives and grants are extended, they will expire between 2023 and 2028. if we are unable to renew, extend, or obtain new incentive and grants, the expiration of the existing incentives and grants could have a material impact on our financial results in future periods.
furthermore, changes in customs laws and regulations in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition.
we may not effectively be able to protect our intellectual property or other sensitive data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the medical device market in which we participate is largely technology driven. physician customers have historically moved quickly to new products and new technologies. as a result, intellectual property rights, particularly patents and trade secrets, play a significant role in product development and differentiation. however, intellectual property litigation is inherently complex and unpredictable and appellate courts can overturn lower court decisions. furthermore, as our business increasingly relies on technology systems and infrastructure, our intellectual property, other proprietary technology and other sensitive data are potentially vulnerable to loss, damage or misappropriation. finally, our ability to protect novel business models is uncertain.
competing parties in our industry frequently file multiple suits to leverage patent portfolios across product lines, technologies and geographies and to balance risk and exposure between the parties. in some cases, several competitors are parties in the same proceeding, or in a series of related proceedings, or litigate multiple features of a single class of devices. these forces frequently drive settlement not only of individual cases, but also of a series of pending and potentially related and unrelated cases. in addition, although monetary and injunctive relief is typically sought, remedies and restitution are generally not determined until the conclusion of the trial court proceedings and can be modified on appeal. accordingly, the outcomes of individual cases are difficult to time, predict or quantify and are often dependent upon the outcomes of other cases in other geographies.
a number of third parties have asserted that our current and former product offerings infringe patents owned or licensed by them. we have similarly asserted that products sold by our competitors infringe patents owned or licensed by us. adverse outcomes in one or more of the proceedings against us could limit our ability to sell certain products in certain jurisdictions, or reduce our operating margin on the sale of these products and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
patents and other proprietary rights are and will continue to be essential to our business and our ability to compete effectively with other companies will be dependent upon the proprietary nature of our technologies. we rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovations, strategic alliances and licensing opportunities to develop, maintain and strengthen our competitive position. we pursue a policy of generally obtaining patent protection in both the u.s. and abroad for patentable subject matter in our proprietary devices and attempt to review third-party patents and patent applications to the extent publicly available in order to develop an effective patent strategy, avoid infringement of third-party patents, identify licensing opportunities and monitor the patent claims of others. we currently own numerous u.s. and foreign patents and have numerous patent applications pending. we also are party to various license agreements pursuant to which patent rights have been obtained or granted in consideration for cash, cross-licensing rights or royalty payments. no assurance can be made that any pending or future patent applications will result in the issuance of patents, that any current or future patents issued to, or licensed by, us will not be challenged or circumvented by our competitors, or that our patents will not be found invalid. in addition, we may have to take legal action in the future to protect our patents, trade secrets or know-how or to assert them against claimed infringement by others. any legal action of that type could be costly and time consuming and no assurances can be made that any lawsuit will be successful. we are generally involved as both a plaintiff and a defendant in a number of patent infringement and other intellectual property-related actions. the invalidation of key patents or proprietary rights that we own, or an unsuccessful outcome in lawsuits to protect our intellectual property, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
in addition, the laws of certain countries in which we market and plan on manufacturing some of our products in the near future, do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the u.s. if we are unable to protect our intellectual property in these countries, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
furthermore, our intellectual property, other proprietary technology and other sensitive data are potentially vulnerable to loss, damage or misappropriation from system malfunction, computer viruses and unauthorized access to our data or misappropriation or misuse thereof by those with permitted access and other events. while we have invested to protect our intellectual property, products and other data and continue to work diligently in this area, there can be no assurance that our precautionary measures will prevent breakdowns, breaches, cyber-attacks or other events. such events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations.
we rely on the proper function, availability and security of information technology systems to operate our business and a cyber-attack or other breach of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we rely on information technology systems, including technology from third party vendors, to process, transmit and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. similar to other large multi-national companies, the size and complexity of our information technology systems makes them vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of
data privacy, or other significant disruption. our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, the increasing need to protect patient and customer information and changing customer patterns. in addition, third parties may attempt to hack into our products to obtain data relating to patients or disrupt performance of our products or to access our proprietary information and the technology from third party vendors that we rely upon may have defects or vulnerabilities which, in turn, create vulnerabilities or disruptions in our system. any failure by us to maintain or protect our information technology systems, products and data integrity, including from cyber-attacks, intrusions or other breaches, could result in the unauthorized access to patient data and personally identifiable information, theft of intellectual property or other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations, or, in the worst case, could result in harm to patients. such failure, or demonstration of vulnerability to such failure, may also result in additional regulatory scrutiny. we also grow our company through acquisitions and may face risks associated with defects and vulnerabilities in their systems as we work to integrate the acquisitions into our information technology system.
in the u.s., federal and state privacy and security laws require certain of our operations to protect the confidentiality of personal information including patient medical records and other health information, and to comply with other requirements with respect to personal data. in europe, the data protection directive requires us to manage individually identifiable information in the eu and, the new general data protection regulation (gdpr) may impose fines of up to four percent of our global revenue in the event of violations after implementation of the requirements on may 25, 2018. internationally, some countries have also passed laws that require individually identifiable data on their citizens to be maintained on local servers and that may restrict transfer or processing of that data. we believe that we meet the expectations of applicable regulations and that the ongoing costs and impacts of ensuring compliance with such rules are not material to our business. however, there is no guarantee that we will avoid enforcement actions by governmental bodies or civil actions based on this growing body of regulations. enforcement actions could be costly and interrupt regular operations of our business. any of these events, in turn, may cause us to lose existing customers, have difficulty preventing, detecting and controlling fraud, have disputes with customers, physicians and other healthcare professionals, be subject to legal claims and liability, have regulatory sanctions or penalties imposed, have increases in operating expenses, incur expenses or lose revenues as a result of a data privacy breach or theft of intellectual property, or suffer other adverse consequences, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
pending and future intellectual property litigation could be costly and disruptive to us.
we operate in an industry that is susceptible to significant intellectual property litigation and, in recent years, it has been common for companies in the medical device field to aggressively challenge the patent rights of other companies. we are currently the subject of various patent litigation proceedings and other proceedings described in more detail under note j - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report. intellectual property litigation is expensive, complex and lengthy and its outcome is difficult to predict. adverse outcomes in one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our ability to sell certain products and on our operating margins, financial condition, results of operation or liquidity. pending or future patent litigation may result in significant royalty or other payments or injunctions that can prevent the sale of products and may significantly divert the attention of our technical and management personnel. in the event that our right to market any of our products is successfully challenged, we may be required to obtain a license on terms which may not be favorable to us, if at all. if we fail to obtain a required license or are unable to design around a patent, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
pending and future product liability claims and other litigation, including private securities litigation, stockholder derivative suits and contract litigation, may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations or liquidity.
the design, manufacturing and marketing of medical devices of the types that we produce entail an inherent risk of product liability claims. many of the medical devices that we manufacture and sell are designed to be implanted in the human body for long periods of time or indefinitely. a number of factors could result in an unsafe condition or injury to, or death of, a patient with respect to these or other products that we manufacture or sell, including physician technique and experience in performing the surgical procedure, component failures, manufacturing flaws, design defects, off-label use or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or product-related information. these factors could result in product liability claims, a recall of one or more of our products or a safety alert relating to one or more of our products. product liability claims may be brought by individuals or by groups seeking to represent a class.
we are currently the subject of product liability litigation proceedings and other proceedings described in more detail under note j - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report. the outcome of litigation, particularly class action lawsuits, is difficult to assess or quantify. plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits often seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, including not only actual damages, but also punitive damages. the magnitude of the potential losses relating to these lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. in addition, the cost to defend against any future litigation may be significant. product liability claims, securities and commercial litigation and other litigation in the future, regardless of the outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. additionally, we maintain an insurance policy providing limited coverage against securities claims and we are substantially self-insured with respect to product liability claims and fully self-insured with respect to intellectual property infringement claims. the fact that we do not maintain third-party insurance coverage for all categories of losses increases our exposure to unanticipated claims and adverse decisions and these losses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
any failure to meet regulatory quality standards applicable to our manufacturing and quality processes could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
as a medical device manufacturer, we are required to register our establishments and list our devices with the fda and are subject to periodic inspection by the fda for compliance with its quality system regulation requirements, which require manufacturers of medical devices to adhere to certain regulations, including testing, quality control and documentation procedures. in addition, the federal medical device reporting regulations require us to provide information to the fda whenever there is evidence that reasonably suggests that a device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or, if a malfunction were to occur, could cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is monitored rigorously through periodic inspections by the fda which may result in observations on form 483 and in some cases warning letters that require corrective action. in the european community, we are required to maintain certain international standards organization (iso) certifications in order to sell our products and must undergo periodic inspections by notified bodies to obtain and maintain these certifications. many other countries in which we do business have requirements similar to those of the u.s. or the eu and other foreign governments or agencies may subject us to periodic inspections as well. if we, or our manufacturers, fail to adhere to quality system regulations or iso requirements, this could delay production of our products and lead to fines, difficulties in obtaining regulatory clearances, recalls, enforcement actions, including injunctive relief or consent decrees, or other consequences, which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis provides information management believes to be relevant to understanding the financial condition and results of operations of boston scientific corporation and its subsidiaries. for a full understanding of our financial condition and results of operations, this discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report.
for additional information on our financial condition and results of operations for 2017, refer to our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018.
during the third quarter of 2019, we completed the acquisition of btg plc (btg) which was composed of three key businesses, the largest of which was its interventional medicine (interventional medicine) that encompasses interventional oncology therapeutic technologies for patients with liver and kidney cancers, as well as a vascular portfolio for treatment of deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, deep venous obstruction and superficial venous disease. following the closing of the acquisition, the interventional medicine business was integrated into our peripheral interventions division. for additional information, refer to note b - acquisitions and strategic investments.
executive summary financial highlights and trends in 2019, we generated net sales of $10.735 billion, as compared to $9.823 billion in 2018. this increase of $912 million, or 9.3 percent, included operational growth of 11.1 percent and the negative impact of 180 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations. operational net sales1 included $378 million in 2019 due to the acquisitions of nxthera, inc. (nxthera) in the second quarter of 2018, claret medical, inc. (claret) in the third quarter of 2018, augmenix, inc. (augmenix) in the fourth quarter of 2018, vertiflex, inc. (vertiflex) in the second quarter of 2019, and btg in the third quarter of 2019, each with less than a full year of prior period related net sales. refer to the business and market overview section for further discussion of our net sales by global business.
our reported net income in 2019 was $4.700 billion, or $3.33 per diluted share. our reported results for 2019 included certain charges and/or credits totaling $2.466 billion (after-tax), or $1.75 per diluted share. these adjustments are excluded from results reviewed by management in order to analyze the underlying trends in our business, assess our performance period over period, and make operating decisions. excluding these items, adjusted net income1 for 2019 was $2.234 billion, or $1.58 per diluted share.
our reported net income in 2018 was $1.671 billion, or $1.19 per diluted share. our reported results for 2018 included certain charges and/or credits totaling $389 million (after-tax), or $0.28 per diluted share. excluding these items, adjusted net income for 2018 was $2.060 billion, or $1.47 per diluted share.
1 operational net sales growth rates, which exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and adjusted net income and adjusted net income per share, which exclude certain items required by generally accepted accounting principles in the united states (u.s. gaap), are not prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a replacement for, the most directly comparable gaap measure. refer to additional information for a discussion of management's use of these non-gaap financial measures.
the following is a reconciliation of our results of operations prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap to those adjusted results considered by management. refer to results of operations for a discussion of each reconciling item:
(in millions, except per share data)                                net income (loss)               impact per share gaap net income (loss)                                                 $4,700                          $3.33
acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits)                     672                           0.48
restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits)              68                           0.05
litigation-related net charges (credits)                                   72                           0.05
investment impairment charges                                               3                           0.00
debt extinguishment net charges (credits)                                  67                           0.05
deferred tax expenses (benefits)                                       (4,102       )                  (2.91       )
discrete tax items                                                         18                           0.01
(in millions, except per share data)                                net income (loss)               impact per share gaap net income (loss)                                                 $1,671                          $1.19
acquisition-related net charges (credits)                                   5                           0.00
restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits)              77                           0.05
litigation-related net charges (credits)                                   79                           0.06
investment impairment charges                                               6                           0.00
discrete tax items                                                       (328       )                  (0.23       )
cash provided by operating activities was $1.836 billion in 2019. as of december 31, 2019, we had total debt of $10.008 billion, cash and cash equivalents of $217 million and a working capital deficit of $168 million. refer to liquidity and capital resources for further information.
business and market overview the following section describes an overview of our product offerings and results of operations by business unit. for additional information on our businesses and their product offerings, see item 1. business of this annual report.
our seven core businesses are organized into three reportable segments: medsurg, rhythm and neuro, and cardiovascular. following our acquisition of btg, which closed during the third quarter of 2019, we have included btg's interventional medicine business within our peripheral interventions operating segment, within the cardiovascular reportable segment. we present btg's specialty pharmaceuticals business as a standalone operating segment alongside our reportable segments.
medsurg endoscopy our endoscopy business develops and manufactures devices to diagnose and treat a broad range of gastrointestinal (gi) and pulmonary conditions with innovative, less invasive technologies.
our net sales of endoscopy products of $1.894 billion represented 18 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2019. our endoscopy net sales increased $132 million, or 7.5 percent, in 2019, as compared to 2018. this increase included operational net sales growth of 9.2 percent and the negative impact of 170 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, as compared to 2018. this year-over-year increase was primarily driven by growth in our pancreaticobiliary franchise with both our spyglasstm ds ii direct visualization system, axiostm stent and electrocautery enhanced delivery system, our core gi franchise featuring our resolution 360tm clip, disposable snares and endoluminal surgery products, and our infection prevention products.
urology and pelvic health our urology and pelvic health business develops and manufactures devices to treat various urological and pelvic conditions for both male and female anatomies.
our net sales of urology and pelvic health products of $1.413 billion represented 13 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2019. urology and pelvic health net sales increased $167 million, or 13.4 percent, in 2019, as compared to 2018. this increase included operational net sales growth of 14.7 percent and the negative impact of 130 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, as compared to 2018. this year-over-year increase was primarily attributable to growth in sales of our prostate health product family, including the spaceoartm hydrogel system purchased as part of the acquisition of augmenix in the fourth quarter of 2018 and the rezûmtm system purchased as part of the acquisition of nxthera in the second quarter of 2018, as well as our stone franchise, including our lithovuetm digital flexible ureteroscope.
rhythm and neuro cardiac rhythm management our cardiac rhythm management (crm) business develops and manufactures a variety of implantable devices that monitor the heart and deliver electricity to treat cardiac abnormalities.
our net sales of crm products of $1.939 billion represented 18 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2019. our net sales of crm products decreased $12 million, or 0.6 percent, in 2019, as compared to 2018. this decrease included operational net sales growth of 1.2 percent and the negative impact of 180 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, as compared to 2018. this year-over-year increase in operational net sales was driven by share gains in our high voltage franchise. our high voltage performance was driven by the strength of our broad high voltage portfolio including the resonatetm family of cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillator (crt-d) and implantable cardiac defibrillator's (icd) with heartlogictm, our emblemtm magnetic resonance imaging (mri) subcutaneous implantable cardiac defibrillator (s-icd), and high voltage replacement device growth. this strength in our high voltage pacemaker franchise was partially offset by declines in our low voltage pacemaker franchise primarily due to u.s. pacemaker share loss.
electrophysiology our electrophysiology business develops and manufactures less-invasive medical technologies used in the diagnosis and treatment of rate and rhythm disorders of the heart.
our net sales of electrophysiology products of $329 million represented three percent of our consolidated net sales in 2019. our electrophysiology net sales increased $17 million, or 5.5 percent, in 2019, as compared to 2018. this increase included operational net sales growth of 7.5 percent and the negative impact of 200 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, as compared to 2018. this year-over-year increase was primarily driven by strong growth across our global rhythmiatm mapping and navigation products, partially offset by declines in our core diagnostic and therapeutic devices due to relatively slower end markets and share loss in select product categories. our rhythmia mapping system and navigation portfolio growth was driven by the continued account expansion of our global system footprint and commercialization of our intellanav mifitm open-irrigated catheter and directsensetm software in approved markets.
neuromodulation our neuromodulation business develops and manufactures devices to treat various neurological movement disorders and manage chronic pain.
our net sales of neuromodulation products of $873 million represented eight percent of our consolidated net sales in 2019. neuromodulation net sales increased $94 million, or 12.0 percent, in 2019, as compared to 2018. this increase included operational net sales growth of 13.1 percent and the negative impact of 110 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, as compared to 2018. this year-over-year increase was primarily driven by strong performance of our deep brain stimulation (dbs) systems, sales of our superiontm indirect decompression system following the acquisition of vertiflex in the second quarter of 2019, and sales in international markets; partially offset by declines in our u.s. spinal cord stimulator (scs) systems portfolio due to market contraction.
cardiovascular interventional cardiology our interventional cardiology business develops, manufactures and commercializes technologies for diagnosing and treating coronary artery disease and other cardiovascular disorders including structural heart conditions.
our net sales of interventional cardiology products of $2.816 billion represented 26 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2019. our interventional cardiology net sales increased $226 million, or 8.7 percent, in 2019, as compared to 2018. this increase included operational net sales growth of 11.0 percent and the negative impact of 230 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, as compared to 2018. this year-over-year increase was primarily related to growth in our structural heart therapies including our watchmantm laac device, our tavr products including our acuratetm neo valve outside the u.s. and lotustm edge valve as well as our sentineltm cerebral embolic protection system. our year-over-year sales increase was also attributable to our complex pci and pci guidance product offerings, partially offset by declines in sales of drug eluting stent product offerings.
peripheral interventions our peripheral interventions business develops and manufactures products to diagnose and treat peripheral arterial and venous diseases, as well as products to diagnose, treat and ease various forms of cancer. in the third quarter of 2019, we completed the acquisition of btg, and began integrating btg's interventional medicine (im) portfolio into the peripheral interventions division, adding complementary technologies in the areas of venous disease and interventional oncology.
our net sales of peripheral interventions products of $1.392 billion represented 13 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2019, and included $144 million of sales from btg products following the date of acquisition. our peripheral interventions net sales increased $205 million, or 17.3 percent, in 2019, as compared to 2018, and $61 million or 5.1 percent excluding btg. this increase included operational net sales growth of 19.1 percent (7.8 percent excluding btg and the related divestiture of our drug-eluting and bland embolic microsphere portfolio) and the negative impact of 180 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, as compared to 2018. this year-over-year increase was primarily driven by global growth of the eluviatm drug eluting vascular stent system, which was launched in the u.s. in the fourth quarter of 2018 and japan in the first quarter of 2019.
specialty pharmaceuticals following the closing of the btg acquisition in the third quarter of 2019, specialty pharmaceuticals was added as an eighth operating segment. our specialty pharmaceuticals business develops and manufactures acute care antidotes to treat overexposure to certain medications and toxins. these products are sold primarily in the u.s. through small, specialist sales teams and through commercial partners elsewhere, where approved or permitted, on a named patient basis.
our net sales of specialty pharmaceuticals products of $81 million following the date of acquisition represented less than one percent of our consolidated net sales in 2019.
emerging markets as part of our strategic imperatives to drive global expansion, described in item 1. business of this annual report, we are seeking to grow net sales and market share by expanding our global presence, including in emerging markets. we define emerging markets as the 20 countries that we believe have strong growth potential based on their economic conditions, healthcare sectors and our global capabilities. we have increased our investment in infrastructure in these countries in order to maximize opportunities. periodically, we assess our list of emerging markets; effective january 1, 2019, we updated our list of emerging market countries. our current list is comprised of the following countries: argentina, brazil, chile, china, colombia, czech republic, india, indonesia, malaysia, mexico, philippines, poland, russia, saudi arabia, slovakia, south africa, south korea, thailand, turkey and vietnam. the revision had an immaterial impact on prior year emerging markets sales. our emerging markets net sales of medical devices represented 12 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2019 and 11 percent in 2018. in 2019, our emerging markets net sales grew 14.1 percent on a reported basis including operational net sales growth of 19.5 percent and the negative impact of 540 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, as compared to 2018. our future net sales in emerging markets may be negatively impacted by geopolitical and economic instability and a number of other factors, including the impact to our net sales in china from the evolving coronavirus situation.
results of operations net sales the following table provides our net sales by business and the relative change in growth on a reported basis:
cardiac rhythm management       1,939                 1,951                 1,895                  (0.6)%               2.9%
(1)   we have three historical reportable segments comprised of medical surgical (medsurg), rhythm and neuro, and cardiovascular, which represent an aggregation of our operating segments that generate revenues from the sale of medical devices (medical devices). as part of our acquisition of btg on august 19, 2019, we acquired an interventional medicine business, which is now included in our peripheral interventions operating segment's 2019 revenues from the date of acquisition.
refer to executive summary for further discussion of our net sales and a comparison of our 2019 and 2018 net sales.
in 2018, we generated net sales of $9.823 billion, as compared to $9.048 billion in 2017. this increase of $775 million, or 8.6 percent, included operational growth of 8.0 percent and the positive impact of 60 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations. operational net sales included approximately $78 million in 2018 due to the acquisitions of symetis sa (symetis) in the second quarter of 2017, nxthera, inc. (nxthera) in the second quarter of 2018, claret medical, inc. (claret) in the third quarter of 2018 and augmenix, inc. (augmenix) in the fourth quarter of 2018, each with no prior period related net sales.
gross profit our gross profit was $7.620 billion in 2019 and $7.011 billion in 2018. as a percentage of net sales, our gross profit decreased to 71.0 percent in 2019, as compared to 71.4 percent in 2018. the following is a rollforward of our gross profit margins and a description of the drivers of the change from period to period:
gross profit margin year ended december 31, 2017                                                          71.3%
manufacturing cost reductions                                                          0.8%
inventory step-up due to acquisition accounting                                      (0.1)%
net impact of foreign currency fluctuations                                          (0.8)%
manufacturing cost reductions                                                          0.8%
inventory step-up due to acquisition accounting                                      (0.4)%
net impact of foreign currency fluctuations                                            0.7%
the primary factors contributing to the decrease in our gross profit margin for 2019 as compared to 2018 were the negative impacts of pricing declines related primarily to sales of our coronary drug-eluting stent products, as well as increased levels of scrap associated with recently launched products and excess and obsolete inventory. in addition, in connection with our recent acquisitions, we adjusted acquired inventory from manufacturing cost to fair value. the step-up in value is amortized through gross profit over an average estimated inventory turnover period. in 2019, we recorded increased cost of $46 million associated with these step-ups. this was partially offset by manufacturing cost reductions driven by our process improvement programs as well as favorable foreign currency fluctuations.
the primary factors contributing to the increase in our gross profit margin for 2018 as compared to 2017 were the positive impacts of cost reductions resulting from our process improvement programs and restructuring programs and favorable period expense, partially offset by negative impacts from foreign currency fluctuations.
eu mdr implementation charges the european union medical device regulation (eu mdr) is a replacement of the existing european medical devices directive (mdd) regulatory framework, and manufacturers of medical devices are required to comply with eu mdr beginning in may 2020 for new product registrations and by may 2024 for medical devices which have a valid ce certificate to the current directives (issued before may 2020).
we consider the adoption of eu mdr to be a significant change to a regulatory framework, and therefore, the incremental costs specific to complying with eu mdr for previously registered products are not considered to be ordinary course expenditures in connection with regulatory matters. as such, these medical device regulation charges are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance. we expect to incur expenditures of approximately $150 million over the next three years associated with the implementation of eu mdr, which will be recorded primarily within cost of products sold.
research and development expenses                  1,174        10.9     %           1,113        11.3     %             997        11.0     %
selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses in 2019, our sg&a expenses increased $371 million, or 10 percent, as compared to 2018 and were 40 basis points higher as a percentage of net sales. this increase in sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to acquisition-related charges primarily associated with our acquisition and integration of btg, partially offset by savings from ongoing cost optimization initiatives. these increased sg&a expenses were also partially offset by a $25 million net gain recorded in the first quarter primarily associated with a portion of the edwards litigation settlement. for further details regarding the presentation of the edwards litigation settlement see litigation-related net charges (credits) below.
in 2018, our sg&a expenses increased $275 million, or eight percent, as compared to 2017 and were 10 basis points lower as a percentage of net sales. this decrease in sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to leverage from increased sales, as well as the benefit of our targeted initiatives focused on reducing sg&a expenses such as end-to-end business process streamlining and automation, including functional expansion of global shared service and robotic process utilization.
research and development (r&d) expenses we remain committed to advancing medical technologies and investing in meaningful research and development projects across our businesses. in 2019, our r&d expenses increased $61 million, or six percent, as compared to 2018, and were 40 basis points lower as a percentage of net sales. in 2018, our r&d expenses increased $116 million, or 12 percent, as compared to 2017, and were 30 basis points higher as a percentage of sales. r&d expenses increased each year as a result of investments across our businesses in order to maintain a pipeline of new products that we believe will contribute to profitable sales growth.
royalty expense in 2019, our royalty expense decreased $5 million, or seven percent, as compared to 2018 and was 10 basis points lower as a percentage of net sales. the decrease in royalty expense in 2019, as compared to 2018, relates primarily to contractual reductions in royalty rates associated with certain products.
the following table provides a summary of certain of our other operating expenses, which are excluded by management for purposes of evaluating operating performance, refer to additional information for a further description of certain operating expenses:
contingent consideration expense (benefit)       (35    )            (21    )            (80    )
restructuring charges (credits)                   38
litigation-related net charges (credits)         115                 103                 285
amortization expense in 2019, our amortization expense increased $101 million, or 17 percent, as compared to 2018. in 2018, our amortization expense increased $33 million, or six percent, as compared to 2017. the increases in each period were primarily due to an increase in the balance of amortizable intangible assets as a result of recent acquisitions.
intangible asset impairment charges in 2019, our intangible asset impairment charges were $105 million, primarily associated with technology-related amortizable intangible assets. refer to critical accounting estimates for a discussion of key assumptions used in our goodwill and intangible asset impairment testing and future events that could have a negative impact on the recoverability of our goodwill and intangible assets.
contingent consideration expense (benefit)
in 2019, 2018, and 2017, we recorded net benefits related to the change in fair value of our contingent consideration liability. refer to note b - acquisitions and strategic investments to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report for additional details related to our contingent consideration arrangements.
restructuring charges (credits)
in june 2016, our board of directors approved, and we committed to a restructuring initiative (the 2016 restructuring plan), which was initiated in the second quarter of 2016 and substantially completed in 2019. the 2016 restructuring plan resulted in total pre-tax charges of $271 million and approximately $255 million in cash outlays.
in addition, in november 2018, our board of directors approved, and we committed to, a new global restructuring program (the 2019 restructuring plan). the 2019 restructuring plan is expected to result in total pre-tax charges of approximately $200 million to $300 million and approximately $180 million to $280 million of these charges are expected to result in cash outlays. a substantial portion of the savings are being reinvested in strategic growth initiatives.
restructuring charges pursuant to these programs were $38 million in 2019, $36 million in 2018, and $37 million in 2017. see note g - restructuring-related activities to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report for additional details on our restructuring plans.
litigation-related net charges (credits)
in 2019, our litigation-related net charges included a net charge of $223 million in the fourth quarter of 2019, primarily related to litigation with channel medsystems, inc., net charges of $25 million in the third quarter of 2019 and $15 million in the second quarter of 2019, primarily related to transvaginal surgical mesh product liability litigation, and a gain of $148 million recorded in the first quarter of 2019, which represents a portion of the total $180 million one-time settlement payment received from edwards lifesciences corporation (edwards) in january 2019. we record certain legal and product liability charges, credits and costs of defense, which we consider to be unusual or infrequent and significant as litigation-related net charges (credits) in our consolidated financial statements. all other legal and product liability charges, credits and costs are recorded within sg&a expenses. as such, a portion of the related gain from the edwards settlement was recorded in sg&a expenses on our consolidated statements of operations.
in 2018 and 2017, our litigation-related net charges were primarily in connection with transvaginal surgical mesh product liability cases and claims.
we continue to assess certain litigation and claims to determine the amounts, if any, that management believes will be paid as a result of such claims and litigation, and therefore, additional losses may be accrued and paid in the future, which could materially adversely impact our operating results, cash flows and/or our ability to comply with our debt covenants. refer to note j - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report for additional discussion of our material legal proceedings.
interest expense increased in 2019, as compared to 2018, primarily due to the increase in our average debt balance following the february 2019 senior notes offering as well as the euro bond offering in november 2019. a portion of the proceeds from the february 2019 senior notes offering were used to finance our acquisition of btg. the net proceeds from our november 2019 senior notes offering were used to repay certain outstanding principal amounts of our senior notes and pay accrued and unpaid interest, premiums, and fees. in addition, interest expense in 2019 included debt extinguishment charges following our 2019 senior notes offerings and subsequent repayment of existing senior notes and termination of the bridge facility.
refer to liquidity and capital resources in this item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and note d - hedging activities and fair value measurements and note e - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report for information regarding our debt obligations.
net foreign currency gain (loss)       (358    )             11                 (15    )
net gains (losses) on investments       (30    )                                (92    )
certain of our non-designated forward currency contracts were entered into for the purpose of managing our exposure to currency exchange rate risk related to the purchase price of our acquisition of btg. in 2019, we settled all outstanding contracts, and we recognized a $323 million loss in other, net due to changes in fair value of the contracts. these amounts are included in acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits) presented in the reconciliation of our results of operations prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap to those adjusted results considered by management. refer to financial summary for the reconciliation and additional information for a discussion of management's use of non-gaap financial measures.
in 2018, we recorded gains of $184 million based on the difference between the book values and the fair values of our previously-held investments immediately prior to the acquisition dates, which aggregated to $251 million. we remeasured the fair value of each previously-held investment based on the implied enterprise value and allocation of purchase price consideration according to priority of equity interests. gains and losses recorded on previously-held investments are excluded by management for purposes of evaluating operating performance. refer to note b - acquisitions and strategic investments to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report for information regarding our strategic investments.
the change in our reported tax rate for 2019, as compared to 2018, relates primarily to the deferred tax benefit of intra-entity transfers of intellectual property rights partially offset by increased current tax expense related to the u.s. taxation of current foreign earnings.
the change in our reported tax rate for 2018, as compared to 2017, relates primarily to the impact of certain receipts and charges that are taxed at different rates than our effective tax rate. these receipts and charges included intangible asset impairment charges, acquisition-related items, restructuring and restructuring-related items, litigation-related items, as well as certain discrete tax items. included in the discrete tax items were the effective settlement of our transfer pricing dispute with the internal revenue service (irs) for the 2001 through 2010 tax years, the conclusion of the irs examinations of our 2011 through 2013 tax years, and the final impact of the tax cuts and jobs act (tcja), enacted on december 22, 2017.
in the second quarter of 2018, a decision was entered by the u.s. tax court resolving all disputes for guidant corporation for its 2001 through 2006 tax years and our 2006 and 2007 tax years as well as the tax issues related to our 2006 transaction with abbott laboratories. additionally, we resolved all issues with the irs office of appeals for our 2008 through 2010 tax years. the final settlement calculation resulted in a final net tax payment of $303 million plus $307 million of estimated interest, which was remitted in the second quarter of 2018. due to the final settlement of these disputes, we recorded a net tax benefit of $250 million in 2018 to remove a reserve related to these years.
in the fourth quarter of 2018, we received a revenue agent report (rar) from the irs for our 2011 through 2013 tax years. we remitted $93 million to the irs in the fourth quarter of 2018 reflecting the net balance of tax and interest due for these years after consideration of amounts owed to us by the irs. due to the resolution of these tax years, we recorded a net tax benefit of $90 million to remove a reserve related to these years.
see note i - income taxes to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report for additional details on our tax rate.
liquidity and capital resources based on our current business plan, we believe our existing balance of cash and cash equivalents, future cash generated from operations, access to capital markets and existing credit facilities will be sufficient to fund our operations, invest in our infrastructure, pay our legal-related liabilities, pay taxes due, fund possible mergers and/or acquisitions and service and repay our existing debt. please refer to contractual obligations and commitments below for additional details on our future payment obligations and commitments.
as of december 31, 2019, we had $217 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents on hand, comprised of $50 million invested in money market and government funds and $165 million in interest bearing and non-interest-bearing bank accounts. we invest excess cash on hand in short-term financial instruments that earn at market interest rates while mitigating principal risk through instrument and counterparty diversification, as well as what we believe to be prudent instrument selection. we limit our direct exposure to securities in any one industry or issuer. we also have access to our $2.750 billion commercial paper program, which is backed by our 2018 revolving credit facility entered into on december 19, 2018. as of december 31, 2019, we had $711 million in commercial paper debt outstanding resulting in an additional $2.039 billion of available liquidity.
in the fourth quarter of 2019, we entered into a $700 million term loan credit agreement scheduled to mature on december 3, 2020 (2020 term loan). as of december 31, 2019, we had the full amount outstanding under the 2020 term loan, which is presented within current debt obligations on our consolidated balance sheet. in the first quarter of 2020, we repaid $300 million of the outstanding balance of the 2020 term loan.
for the purpose of funding our acquisition of btg, in the fourth quarter of 2018, we entered into a $1.000 billion two-year delayed draw term loan credit facility, maturing in two years from the date of the closing of our acquisition of btg (two-year delayed draw term loan) and a $1.000 billion three-year delayed draw term loan credit facility, maturing in three years from the date of the closing of our acquisition of btg (three-year delayed draw term loan). in 2019, we used the proceeds from the two-year and three-year delayed draw term loan facilities to refinance the bridge facility, as described below, and fund a portion of our acquisition of btg. in the fourth quarter of 2019, we repaid $200 million of the two-year delayed draw term loan with proceeds from the sale of the zytiga-related royalty interests obtained through the acquisition of btg and extinguished the facility, and we repaid the remaining $800 million of the $1.000 billion with proceeds from the 2020 term loan and commercial paper and terminated the two-year delayed draw term loan. as of december 31, 2018, we had no amounts borrowed under the two-year delayed draw term loan or the three-year delayed draw term loan. as of december 31, 2019, we had $1.000 billion outstanding under the three-year delayed draw term loan, which is presented within long-term debt on our condensed consolidated balance sheet.
in the fourth quarter of 2019, we completed an offering of €900 million in aggregate principal amount of 0.625% senior notes due in 2027. the euro-denominated debt principal is a nonderivative instrument designated as a net investment hedge of our net investments in certain of our euro functional entities. we used a portion of the net proceeds from our senior notes offering to repay certain outstanding principal amounts of our senior notes including $206 million of our $450 million 4.125% senior notes due 2023, $566 million of our $1.000 billion 4.000% senior notes due 2028 and $227 million of our $750 million 3.850% senior notes due 2025 and pay accrued and unpaid interest, premiums, fees and expenses in connection with the transaction.
in the first quarter of 2019, we completed an offering of $4.300 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior notes. we used a portion of the net proceeds from the offering to repay the $850 million plus accrued interest and premium of our 6.000% senior notes due in january 2020 (january 2020 notes), the $600 million plus accrued interest and premium of our 2.850% senior notes due in may 2020 (may 2020 notes) and the $1.000 billion plus accrued interest of our august 2019 term loan. in 2019, the remaining proceeds were used to finance a portion of our acquisition of btg.
in the first quarter of 2019, upon the closing of our senior notes offering in aggregate principal amount of $4.300 billion described above, we terminated the bridge facility entered into on november 20, 2018. the termination was pursuant to the terms of the bridge facility, which required full termination upon the refinancing of the january 2020 notes and may 2020 notes discussed above. there were no amounts borrowed under the bridge facility as of december 31, 2018.
for additional information on our credit facilities, refer to note e - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report.
cash provided by (used for) operating activities                $1,836                  $310                $1,426
cash provided by (used for) investing activities                (5,041    )           (1,921    )           (1,010    )
cash provided by (used for) financing activities                 2,973                 1,432                   110
cash provided by (used for) operating activities                $1,836                  $310                $1,426
add: restructuring and restructuring-related payments               66                    89                    72
add: acquisitions-related payments                                 266                   205                    95
add: certain discrete tax payments (refunds/credits)               (42    )              977                  (239    )
add: litigation-related settlements                                330                   791                   694
operating activities in 2019, cash provided by operating activities increased $1.526 billion, as compared to 2018. this increase was primarily due to the one-time settlement payment of $180 million that we received from edwards lifesciences corporation in january 2019, comparatively fewer litigation payments in 2019 primarily associated with product liability cases or claims related to transvaginal surgical mesh products and the irs final net tax settlement payments of $303 million plus $307 million of estimated interest that we remitted in the second quarter of 2018 and $93 million reflecting the net balance of tax and interest due in the fourth quarter of 2018.
in 2018, cash provided by operating activities decreased $1.116 billion, or 78 percent, as compared to 2017. this decrease was primarily due to the irs tax settlement payments in 2018 described above.
investing activities in 2019, cash used for investing activities primarily included payments for acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired of $4.382 billion relating to our acquisitions of btg, vertiflex and millipede, inc. (millipede), purchases of property, plant and equipment of $461 million, payments for investments and acquisitions of certain technologies of $149 million, partially offset by proceeds from divestiture of certain businesses of $90 million relating to the sale of our drug-eluting and bland embolic microsphere portfolio to varian medical systems, inc. (varian) in connection with our acquisition of btg. cash used for investing activities also included payments for settlements of hedge contracts of $199 million, of which $95 million relates to the termination and settlement of our outstanding forward currency contracts designated as net investment hedges in our euro-denominated entities and $294 million relates to the settlement of our non-designated forward currency contracts entered into for the purpose of managing our exposure to currency exchange rate risk related to the gbp-denominated purchase price of btg. refer to note d - hedging activities and fair value measurements consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report for further information.
in 2018, cash used for investing activities primarily included payments for acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired of $1.448 billion primarily relating to our acquisitions of augmenix, nxthera, cryterion medical, inc., claret and nvision, purchases of property, plant and equipment of $316 million and payments for investments and acquisitions of certain technologies of $172 million, including our $90 million investment in millipede in the first quarter of 2018.
2adjusted free cash flow, which excludes certain items required by u.s. gaap is not prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a replacement for, the most directly comparable gaap measure. refer to additional information for a discussion of management's use of non-gaap financial measures.
financing activities our cash flows provided by financing activities reflect issuances and repayments of debt, including our commercial paper program and cash used for new share settlement and stock issuances related to our equity incentive programs, as discussed in note k - stockholders' equity to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report. in addition, our financing activities included payments of contingent consideration and royalty rights established in purchase accounting of $135 million in 2019, $19 million in 2018 and $33 million in 2017. in connection with the acquisition of btg, we acquired rights to future royalties associated with the zytigatm drug used to treat certain forms of prostate cancer. in the fourth quarter of 2019, we sold our rights to these royalties for $256 million in cash, included in proceeds from royalty rights transfer.
our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in item 1a. risk factors of this annual report, some of which are outside our control. macroeconomic conditions, adverse litigation outcomes and other risks and uncertainties could limit our ability to successfully execute our business plans and adversely affect our liquidity plans.
as of and through december 31, 2019, we were in compliance with all the required covenants related to our debt obligations. for additional details related to our debt obligations, including our debt covenant requirements, refer to note e - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report.
equity during 2019 we received $123 million in proceeds from stock issuances related to our stock option and employee stock purchase plans, as compared to $101 million in 2018. proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options and employee stock purchases vary from period to period based upon, among other factors, fluctuations in the trading price of our common stock and in the exercise and stock purchase patterns of employees.
stock-based compensation expense related to our stock ownership plans was $157 million in 2019 and $140 million in 2018. stock-based compensation expense varies from period to period based upon, among other factors, the timing, number and fair value of awards granted during the period, forfeiture levels related to unvested awards and employee contributions to our employee stock purchase plan, as well as the retirement eligibility of stock award recipients.
contractual obligations and commitments the following table provides a summary of certain information concerning our obligations and commitments to make future payments and is based on conditions in existence as of december 31, 2019:
license and software commitments (2)                                                 5                 3                   3                   -                    20
one-time transition tax                       40                40                  40                75                 100                 125                   420
(1)   debt obligations are comprised of our senior notes, term loan and commercial paper outstanding as of december 31, 2019. this does not include unamortized debt issuance discounts, deferred financing costs and gain on fair value hedges or capital lease obligations. refer to note e - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report for additional information. in january 2020, we repaid $300 million of the outstanding balance of the 2020 term loan with proceeds from our commercial paper program.
(2)   in accordance with u.s. gaap, these obligations relate to expenses associated with future periods and are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheets. interest payments included above are calculated based on rates and required fees applicable to our outstanding debt obligations as of december 31, 2019 described in note e - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report. interest payments above do not include interest on variable rate debt instruments.
the amounts in the table above with respect to purchase obligations relate primarily to non-cancellable inventory commitments and capital expenditures entered in the normal course of business. royalty obligations reported above represent minimum contractual obligations under our current royalty agreements.
•   our long-term liability for legal matters that are probable and estimable of $227 million due to the timing of payment being uncertain. refer to note j - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report for more information,
•   unrecognized tax benefits, accrued interest and penalties and other related items totaling $288 million because the timing of their future cash settlement is uncertain and tax payments and interest totaling $5 million related to state obligations of recently settled irs tax years to be remitted in 2020. refer to note i - income taxes to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report for more information, and
•   with certain of our acquisitions, we acquired ipr&amp;d projects that require future funding to complete the projects. we estimate that the total remaining r&amp;d cost to complete acquired ipr&amp;d projects is between $200 million and $210 million. net cash inflows from the projects currently in development are expected to commence in 2020 and will continue through 2037, following the respective launches of these technologies in the u.s., europe and japan. certain of our acquisitions also involve the potential payment of contingent consideration, but the timing and amounts are uncertain. see note b - acquisitions and strategic investments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report for more information.
legal matters for a discussion of our material legal proceedings see note j - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report.
critical accounting policies and estimates our financial results are affected by the selection and application of accounting policies and methods. we have adopted accounting policies to prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap.
to prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap, management makes estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of our assets and liabilities, including our contingent liabilities, as of the date of our financial statements and the reported amounts of our revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. our actual results may differ from these estimates. we consider estimates to be critical (i) if we are required to make assumptions about material matters that are uncertain at the time of estimation or (ii) if materially different estimates could have been made or it is reasonably likely that the accounting estimate will change from period to period. the following are areas considered to be critical and require management's judgment: revenue recognition, bad debt reserves, inventory provisions, valuation of intangible assets and contingent consideration liability, goodwill valuation, legal and product liability accruals and income taxes.
see note a - significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report for additional information related to our accounting policies and our consideration of these critical accounting areas. in addition, see note b - acquisitions and strategic investments and note c - goodwill and other intangible assets for further discussion of the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets and contingent consideration, note i - income taxes for further discussion of income tax related matters, note j - commitments and contingencies for further discussion of legal and product liability matters and note o - revenue for further discussion of revenue recognition.
revenue recognition deferred revenue we record a contract liability, or deferred revenue, when we have an obligation to provide a product or service to the customer and payment is received or due in advance of our performance. when we sell a device with a future service obligation, we defer revenue on the unfulfilled performance obligation and recognize this revenue over the related service period. many of our cardiac rhythm management product offerings combine the sale of a device with our latitudetm patient management system, which represents a future service obligation. generally, we do not have observable evidence of the standalone selling price related to our future service obligations; therefore, we estimate the selling price using an expected cost plus a margin approach. we allocate the transaction price using the relative standalone selling price method. the use of alternative estimates could result in a different amount of revenue deferral.
contract liabilities are classified within other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities on our accompanying consolidated balance sheets. our contractual liabilities are primarily composed of deferred revenue related to the latitudetm patient management system. revenue is recognized over the average service period which is based on device and patient longevity.
variable consideration we generally allow our customers to return defective, damaged and, in certain cases, expired products for credit. we base our estimate for sales returns upon historical trends and record the amount as a reduction to revenue when we sell the initial product. in addition, we may allow customers to return previously purchased products for next-generation product offerings. for these transactions, we defer recognition of revenue on the sale of the earlier generation product based upon an estimate of the amount of product to be returned when the next-generation products are shipped to the customer. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls and variation in product utilization all affect our estimates related to sales returns and could cause actual returns to differ from these estimates.
we also offer sales rebates and discounts to certain customers. we treat sales rebates and discounts as a reduction of revenue and classify the corresponding liability as current. we estimate rebates for products where there is sufficient historical information available to predict the volume of expected future rebates. if we are unable to reasonably estimate the expected rebates, we record a liability for the maximum rebate percentage offered.
post implant services we provide non-contractual services to customers to ensure the safe and effective use of certain implanted devices. since our modified retrospective adoption of fasb asc topic 606, revenue from contracts with customers on january 1, 2018, because the revenue related to the immaterial services is recognized before they are delivered, we forward accrue the costs to provide these services at the time the devices are sold. we record these costs to selling, general and administrative expenses. we estimate the
amount of time spent by our representatives performing these services and their compensation throughout the device life to determine the service cost. changes to our business practice or the use of alternative estimates could result in a different amount of accrued cost. refer to note a - significant accounting policies and note o - revenue to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report for further information on our adoption of fasb asc topic 606 and our revenue recognition accounting policies.
inventory provisions we base our provisions for excess, expired and obsolete inventory primarily on our estimates of forecasted net sales. a significant change in the timing or level of demand for our products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess, expired and obsolete inventory in the future. further, the industry in which we participate is characterized by rapid product development and frequent new product introductions. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls and variation in product utilization all affect our estimates related to excess, expired and obsolete inventory.
valuation of intangible assets and contingent consideration liability we base the fair value of identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination, including ipr&d, on detailed valuations that use information and assumptions provided by management, which consider management's best estimates of inputs and assumptions that a market participant would use. further, for those arrangements that involve potential future contingent consideration, we record on the date of acquisition a liability equal to the fair value of the estimated additional consideration we may be obligated to pay in the future. we re-measure this liability each reporting period and record changes in the fair value through a separate line item within our consolidated statements of operations. increases or decreases in the fair value of the contingent consideration liability can result from changes in discount rates, periods, timing and amount of projected revenue or timing or likelihood of achieving regulatory, revenue or commercialization-based milestones. the use of alternative valuation assumptions, including estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows, discount rates, useful life or probability of achieving clinical, regulatory or revenue-based milestones could result in different purchase price allocations and recognized amortization expense and contingent consideration expense or benefit in current and future periods.
we review intangible assets subject to amortization quarterly to determine if any adverse conditions exist or a change in circumstances has occurred that would indicate impairment or adjustment to the remaining useful life. if we determine it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired based on our qualitative assessment of impairment indicators, we test the intangible asset for recoverability. if the carrying value of the intangible asset is determined not recoverable, we will write the carrying value down to fair value in the period identified. we calculate fair value of our intangible assets as the present value of estimated future cash flows we expect to generate from the asset using a risk-adjusted discount rate. the use of alternative assumptions, including estimated cash flows, discount rates and alternative estimated remaining useful lives could result in different calculations of impairment.
in addition, we test our indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually for impairment and reassess their classification as indefinite-lived assets, or more frequently if indicators exist. we assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that our indefinite-lived intangible assets are impaired. if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired, we then determine the fair value of the intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value with the carrying value in accordance with fasb asc topic 350, intangibles - goodwill and other (fasb asc topic 350). if the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset, we write the carrying value down to fair value. the use of alternative valuation assumptions, including estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows and discount rates could result in different fair value estimates.
goodwill valuation we allocate any excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination to goodwill. we test our goodwill balances during the second quarter of each year for impairment, or more frequently if indicators are present or changes in circumstances suggest that impairment may exist. we assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. for our 2019, 2018 and 2017 annual impairment assessments, we identified the following reporting units: interventional cardiology, peripheral interventions, cardiac rhythm management, electrophysiology, endoscopy, urology and pelvic health and neuromodulation. in addition, following the btg acquisition in 2019, specialty pharmaceuticals was added as an additional reporting unit. we aggregated the cardiac rhythm management and electrophysiology reporting units, components of the rhythm management operating segment, based on the criteria prescribed in fasb asc topic 350.
refer to note a - significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report for additional details related to our annual goodwill impairment assessments performed in 2019, 2018 and 2017.
although we use consistent methodologies in developing the assumptions and estimates underlying the fair value calculations used in our impairment tests, these estimates are uncertain by nature and can vary from actual results. the use of alternative valuation assumptions, including estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows and discount rates could result in different fair value estimates.
future events that could have a negative impact on the levels of excess fair value over carrying value of our reporting units include, but are not limited to, the following:
•   decreases in estimated market sizes or market growth rates due to greater-than-expected declines in procedural volumes, pricing pressures, reductions in reimbursement levels, product actions and/or competitive technology developments,
•   declines in our market share and penetration assumptions due to increased competition, an inability to develop or launch new and next-generation products and technology features in line with our commercialization strategies and market and/or regulatory conditions that may cause significant launch delays or product recalls,
•   decreases in our forecasted profitability due to an inability to implement successfully and achieve timely and sustainable cost improvement measures consistent with our expectations,
•   negative developments in intellectual property litigation that may impact our ability to market certain products or increase our costs to sell certain products,
•   the level of success of ongoing and future research and development efforts, including those related to recent acquisitions and increases in the research and development costs necessary to obtain regulatory approvals and launch new products,
•   the level of success in managing the growth of acquired companies, achieving sustained profitability consistent with our expectations, establishing government and third-party payer reimbursement, supplying the market and increases in the costs and time necessary to integrate acquired businesses into our operations successfully,
•   changes in our reporting units or in the structure of our business as a result of future reorganizations, acquisitions or divestitures of assets or businesses and
•   increases in our market-participant risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital (wacc) and increases in our market-participant tax rate and/or changes in tax laws or macroeconomic conditions.
negative changes in one or more of these factors, among others, could result in future impairment charges.
refer to note c - goodwill and other intangible assets to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report for additional details related to our annual goodwill balances.
legal and product liability accruals in the normal course of business, we are involved in various legal and regulatory proceedings, including intellectual property, breach of contract, securities litigation and product liability suits. in some cases, the claimants seek damages, as well as other relief, which, if granted, could require significant expenditures or impact our ability to sell our products. we accrue anticipated costs of settlement, damages, losses for product liability claims and, under certain conditions, costs of defense, based on historical experience or to the extent specific losses are probable and estimable. otherwise, we expense these costs as incurred. if the estimate of a probable loss is a range and no amount within the range is more likely, we accrue the minimum amount of the range. litigation and product liability matters are inherently uncertain, and the outcomes of individual matters are difficult to predict and quantify. as such, significant judgment is required in determining our legal and product liability accruals. our estimates related to our legal and product liability accruals may change as additional information becomes available to us, including information related to the nature or existence of claims against us, trial court or appellate proceedings, and mediation, arbitration or settlement proceedings.
income taxes we establish reserves when we believe that certain positions are likely to be challenged despite our belief that our tax return positions are fully supportable. the calculation of our tax liabilities involves significant judgment based on individual facts, circumstances and information available in addition to applying complex tax regulations in various jurisdictions across our global operations. under u.s. gaap, in order to recognize an uncertain tax benefit, the taxpayer must determine it is more likely than not the position will be sustained, and the measurement of the benefit is calculated as the largest amount that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon resolution of the benefit. although we believe that we have adequately provided for liabilities resulting from tax assessments by taxing authorities, positions taken by these tax authorities could have a material impact on our effective tax rate, results of operations, financial position and/or cash flows.
as part of the tax cut and jobs act of 2017, we are subject to a territorial tax system in which we are required to establish an accounting policy in providing for tax on global intangible low taxed income (gilti) earned by certain foreign subsidiaries. we have elected to treat the impact of gilti as a period cost and will be reported as a part of continuing operations.
new accounting pronouncements see note a - significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report for additional information on standards implemented since december 31, 2018 and note q - new accounting pronouncements to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report for additional information on standards to be implemented.
additional information cybersecurity we have established controls and procedures to escalate enterprise level issues, including cybersecurity matters, to the appropriate management levels within our organization and our board of directors, or members or committees thereof, as appropriate. under our framework, cybersecurity issues are analyzed by subject matter experts and a crisis committee for potential financial, operational, and reputational risks, based on, among other factors, the nature of the matter and breadth of impact. matters determined to present potential material impacts to the company's financial results, operations, and/or reputation are immediately reported by management to the board of directors, or individual members or committees thereof, as appropriate, in accordance with our escalation framework. in addition, we have established procedures to ensure that members of management responsible for overseeing the effectiveness of disclosure controls are informed in a timely manner of known cybersecurity risks and incidents that may materially impact our operations and that timely public disclosure is made, as appropriate.
use of non-gaap financial measures to supplement our consolidated financial statements presented on a gaap basis, we disclose certain non-gaap financial measures, including adjusted net income (earnings) and adjusted net income (earnings) per share that exclude certain amounts, operational net sales growth that exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and adjusted free cash flow that excludes certain amounts. these non-gaap financial measures are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states and should not be considered in isolation from or as a replacement for the most directly comparable gaap financial measures. further, other companies may calculate these non-gaap financial measures differently than we do, which may limit the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes.
to calculate adjusted net income (earnings) and adjusted net income (earnings) per share we exclude certain charges (credits) from gaap net income as detailed below. amounts are presented after-tax using our effective tax rate, unless the amount is a significant unusual or infrequently occurring item in accordance with fasb asc section 740-270-30, "general methodology and use of estimated annual effective tax rate." the gaap financial measure most directly comparable to adjusted net income is gaap net income (loss) and the gaap financial measure most directly comparable to adjusted net income per share is gaap net income (loss) per share.
to calculate operational net sales, which exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, we convert actual net sales from local currency to u.s. dollars using constant foreign currency exchange rates in the current and prior periods. the gaap financial measure most directly comparable to operational growth rate percentages is growth rate percentages using net sales on a gaap basis.
adjusted free cash flow is a non-gaap measure that excludes from free cash flow the cash component of certain charges (credits) that are also excluded from adjusted net income as well as any cash tax benefits of such charges, as detailed below. in addition, we exclude payments or refunds that relate to resolving tax disputes related to prior periods. free cash flow is a non-gaap measure that excludes net purchases of property, plant and equipment from cash provided by (used for) operating activities on a gaap basis. the gaap measure that is most directly comparable to adjusted free cash flow and free cash flow is cash provided by (used for) operating activities on a gaap basis.
reconciliations of each of these non-gaap financial measures to the corresponding gaap financial measure are included in the relevant sections of this annual report.
management uses these supplemental non-gaap financial measures to evaluate performance period over period, to analyze the underlying trends in our business, to assess our performance relative to our competitors and to establish operational goals and forecasts that are used in allocating resources. in addition, management uses these non-gaap financial measures to further its understanding of the performance of our operating segments. the adjustments excluded from our non-gaap financial measures are consistent with those excluded from our operating segments' measures of net sales and profit or loss. these adjustments are excluded from the segment measures reported to our chief operating decision maker that are used to make operating decisions and assess performance.
we believe that presenting adjusted net income, adjusted net income per share that exclude certain amounts, operational net sales growth that exclude the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, and adjusted free cash flow that excludes certain amounts, in addition to the corresponding gaap financial measures, provides investors greater transparency to the information used by management for its operational decision-making and allows investors to see our results "through the eyes" of management. we further believe that providing this information assists our investors in understanding our operating performance and the methodology used by management to evaluate and measure such performance.
the following is an explanation of each of the adjustments that management excluded as part of these non-gaap financial measures as well as reasons for excluding each of these individual items. in each case, management has excluded the item for purposes of calculating the relevant non-gaap financial measure to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to our past operating performance:
•   amortization expense - we record intangible assets at historical cost and amortize them over their estimated useful lives. amortization expense is excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and is also excluded from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•   intangible asset impairment charges - this amount represents write-downs of certain intangible asset balances during each period. we review intangible assets subject to amortization quarterly to determine if any adverse conditions exist or a change in circumstances has occurred that would indicate impairment and test our indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually for impairment. if we determine the carrying value of the amortizable intangible asset is not recoverable or we conclude that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired, we will write the carrying value down to fair value in the period identified. impairment charges are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•   acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits) or payments - these adjustments may consist of (a) contingent consideration and zytigatm licensing arrangement fair value adjustments; (b) gains on previously held investments; (c) due diligence, deal fees and other fees and costs related to our acquisition and divestiture transactions; (d) inventory step-up amortization and accelerated compensation expense; (e) integration and exit costs; and (f) separation costs and gains primarily associated with the sale of a business or portion of a business. the contingent consideration and zytiga licensing arrangement fair value adjustments represent accounting adjustments to state contingent consideration liabilities and zytiga-related assets and liabilities at their estimated fair value. these adjustments can be highly variable depending on the assessed likelihood and amount of future contingent consideration and zytiga royalty payments. in addition, we have sold our rights to retain any future royalties related to zytiga. refer to note d - hedging activities and fair value measurements for further information on the zytiga licensing arrangement. gains on previously held investments, due diligence, deal fees and other fees and costs, inventory step-up amortization, accelerated compensation expense, and other expenses and gains associated with prior and potential future acquisitions and divestitures can be highly variable and not representative of ongoing operations. integration and exit costs, include contract cancellations,
severance and other compensation-related charges and costs, project management fees and costs, and other direct costs associated with the integration of our acquisitions. examples of integration and exit activities include the movement of business activities; the elimination or combination of redundant roles and business processes; the consolidation or closure of facilities and legal entities; and the transfer of product lines between manufacturing facilities. these integration and exit activities take place over a defined timeframe and have a distinct project timelines, are incremental to activities and costs that arise in the ordinary course of our business and are not considered part of our core, ongoing operations. in addition, our acquisition-related charges in 2019 included expenses for instruments entered into solely for the purpose of financing or hedging the btg acquisition, including net interest expense and hedging expenses. subsequent to september 30, 2019, we did not incur and will not incur any hedging gains or losses related to the btg acquisition, and we are not classifying any interest expense subsequent to the btg acquisition date as an acquisition/divestiture-related item. acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits) are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•   restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits) or payments - these adjustments primarily represent compensation-related charges, fixed asset write-offs, contract cancellations, project management fees and other direct costs associated with our restructuring plans. these restructuring plans each consist of distinct initiatives that are fundamentally different from our ongoing, core cost reduction initiatives in terms of, among other things, the frequency with which each action is performed and the required planning, resourcing, cost and timing. examples of such initiatives include the movement of business activities, facility consolidations and closures and the transfer of product lines between manufacturing facilities, which, due to the highly regulated nature of our industry, requires a significant investment in time and cost to create duplicate manufacturing lines, run product validations and seek regulatory approvals. restructuring initiatives take place over a defined timeframe and have a distinct project timeline that begins subsequent to approval by our board of directors. in contrast to our ongoing cost reduction initiatives, restructuring initiatives typically result in duplicative cost and exit costs over this period of time, are one-time shut downs or transfers and are not considered part of our core, ongoing operations. these restructuring plans are incremental to the core activities that arise in the ordinary course of our business. restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits) are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•   litigation-related net charges (credits) or payments - these adjustments include certain significant product liability and other litigation-related charges and credits. we record these charges and credits, which we consider to be unusual or infrequent and significant, within the litigation-related charges line in our consolidated statements of operations; all other legal and product liability charges, credits and costs are recorded within selling general and administrative expenses. litigation-related net charges (credits) are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•   eu mdr implementation charges - these adjustments represent incremental costs or payments specific to complying with the new european union medical device regulation (eu mdr) for previously registered products. eu mdr is a replacement of the existing european medical devices directive (mdd) regulatory framework, and manufacturers of medical devices are required to comply with eu mdr beginning in may 2020 for new product registrations and by may 2024 for medical devices which have a valid ce certificate to the current directives (issued before may 2020). we expect to incur significant expenditures in connection with the adoption of the eu mdr requirements and we consider the adoption of eu mdr to be a significant change to a regulatory framework, and therefore, these expenditures are not considered to be ordinary course expenditures in connection with regulatory matters. as such, these medical device regulation charges are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•   debt extinguishment net charges (credits) - these amounts relate to the early extinguishment of certain outstanding principal amounts of our senior notes in november 2019. certain debt extinguishment net charges (credits) are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•   investment impairment charges - these amounts represent write-downs relating to our investment portfolio that are considered unusual or infrequent and significant. each reporting period, we evaluate our investments to determine if there are any events or circumstances that are likely to have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of the investment. if we identify an impairment indicator, we will estimate the fair value of the investment and compare it to its carrying
value and determine if the impairment is other-than-temporary. for other-than-temporary impairments, we recognize an impairment loss equal to the difference between an investment's carrying value and its fair value. certain investment impairment charges are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•   deferred tax expenses (benefits) - this adjustment relates to a $4.1 billion non-cash tax benefit arising from an intra-entity asset transfer of intellectual property completed in the fourth quarter of 2019. the effects of this transfer were excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•   discrete tax items - these items represent adjustments of certain tax positions including those which a) are related to the finalization of the enactment date impact of the tcja, or b) are related to the tax consequences of a non-gaap adjustment item booked in a prior period. these discrete tax items are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
operational net sales excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations
•   the impact of foreign currency fluctuations is highly variable and difficult to predict. accordingly, management excludes the impact of foreign currency fluctuations for purposes of reviewing the net sales and growth rates to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to our past operating performance.
rule 10b5-1 trading plans by executive officers periodically, certain of our executive officers adopt written stock trading plans in accordance with rule 10b5-1 under the exchange act and our own stock trading policy. a rule 10b5-1 trading plan is a written document that pre-establishes the amount, prices and dates (or formulas for determining the amounts, prices and dates) of future purchases or sales of our stock, including shares issued upon exercise of stock options or vesting of deferred stock units. these plans are entered into at a time when the person is not in possession of material non-public information about our company. we disclose details regarding individual rule 10b5-1 trading plans on the investor relations section of our website.
management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting as the management of boston scientific corporation, we are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. we designed our internal control process to provide reasonable assurance to management and the board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2019. in making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission in internal control-integrated framework (2013 framework). based on our assessment, we believe that, as of december 31, 2019, our internal control over financial reporting is effective at a reasonable assurance level based on these criteria.
ernst & young llp, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. this report, in which they expressed an unqualified opinion, is included below.
the btg plc acquisition on august 19, 2019, we announced the closing of our acquisition of btg plc (btg). in accordance with the sec staff 's interpretive guidance for newly acquired businesses, we are permitted to omit an assessment of an acquired business's internal control over financial reporting from our assessment of internal control for up to one year from the acquisition date. as such, we have excluded btg from our annual assessment of internal controls over financial reporting as of december 31, 2019, as the acquisition was completed on august 19, 2019. btg represents less than 5% of total assets as of december 31, 2019 and less than 5% of revenues and net income, respectively, for the year then ended.
/s/ michael f. mahoney                                /s/ daniel j. brennan michael f. mahoney                                   daniel j. brennan president and chief executive officer                executive vice president and chieffinancial officer
report of independent registered public accounting firm to the stockholders and the board of directors of boston scientific corporation opinion on internal control over financial reporting we have audited boston scientific corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2019, based on criteria established in internal control-integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework) (the coso criteria). in our opinion, boston scientific corporation (the company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2019, based on the coso criteria.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob), the 2019 consolidated financial statements of the company and our report dated february 25, 2020 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
as indicated in the accompanying management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting, management's assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of btg plc, which is included in the 2019 consolidated financial statements of the company and constituted less than 5% of total assets as of december 31, 2019 and less than 5% of revenues and net income, respectively, for the year then ended. our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of btg plc.
basis for opinion the company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting a company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. a company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.