item 1a. risk factors.
factors that may affect future results and the trading price of our common stock you should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. the trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, in which case you could lose all or part of your investment. you should also refer to the other information in this filing, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. the risks and uncertainties described below are those that we currently believe may materially affect our company. additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we currently deem immaterial also may become important factors that affect our company. unless the context otherwise requires, the terms the "company," "we," "us," "our" or similar terms and "centene" refer to us, after giving effect to the wellcare acquisition.
reductions in funding, changes to eligibility requirements for government sponsored healthcare programs in which we participate and any inability on our part to effectively adapt to changes to these programs could substantially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
the majority of our revenues come from government subsidized healthcare programs including medicaid, medicare, tricare, chip, ltss, abd, foster care and health insurance marketplace premiums. under most programs, the base premium rate paid for each program differs, depending on a combination of factors such as defined upper payment limits, a member's health status, age, gender, county or region and benefit mix. since medicaid was created in 1965, the federal government and the states have shared the costs for this program, with the federal share currently averaging approximately 60%. we are therefore exposed to risks associated with federal and state government contracting or participating in programs involving a government payor, including but not limited to the general ability of the federal and/or state governments to terminate contracts with them, in whole or in part, without prior notice, for convenience or for default based on performance; potential regulatory or legislative action that may materially modify amounts owed; and our dependence upon congressional or legislative appropriation and allotment of funds and the impact that delays in government payments could have on our operating cash flow and liquidity. for example, future levels of funding and premium rates may be affected by continuing government efforts to contain healthcare costs and may further be affected by state and federal budgetary constraints. governments periodically consider reducing or reallocating the amount of money they spend for medicaid, medicare, tricare, chip, ltss, abd and foster care. furthermore, medicare remains subject to the automatic spending reductions imposed by the budget control act of 2011 and the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 ("sequestration"), subject to a 2% cap, which was extended by the bipartisan budget act of 2018 for an additional two years through 2027. in addition, reductions in defense spending could have an adverse impact on certain government programs in which we currently participate by, among other things, terminating or materially changing such programs, or by decreasing or delaying payments made under such programs. adverse economic conditions may put pressures on state budgets as tax and other state revenues decrease while the population that is eligible to participate in these programs remains steady or increases, creating more need for funding. we anticipate this will require government agencies to find funding alternatives, which may result in reductions in funding for programs, contraction of covered benefits, and limited or no premium rate increases or premium rate decreases. a reduction (or less than expected increase), a protracted delay, or a change in allocation methodology in government funding for these programs, as well as termination of one or more contracts for the convenience of the government, may materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, if another federal government shutdown were to occur for a prolonged period of time, federal government payment obligations, including its obligations under medicaid, medicare, tricare, chip, ltss, abd, foster care and the health insurance marketplaces, may be delayed. similarly, if state government shutdowns were to occur, state payment obligations may be delayed. if the federal or state governments fail to make payments under these programs on a timely basis, our business could suffer, and our financial position, results of operations or cash flows may be materially affected.
payments from government payors may be delayed in the future, which, if extended for any significant period of time, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, cash flows or liquidity. in addition, delays in obtaining, or failure to obtain or maintain, governmental approvals, or moratoria imposed by regulatory authorities, could adversely affect our revenues or membership, increase costs or adversely affect our ability to bring new products to market as forecasted. other changes to our government programs could affect our willingness or ability to participate in any of these programs or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
finally, changes in these programs could reduce the number of persons enrolled in or eligible for these programs or increase our administrative or healthcare costs under these programs. for example, maintaining current eligibility levels could cause states to reduce reimbursement or reduce benefits in order for states to afford to maintain eligibility levels. if any state in which we operate were to decrease premiums paid to us or pay us less than the amount necessary to keep pace with our cost trends, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
our medicare programs are subject to a variety of risks that could adversely impact our financial results.
if we fail to design and maintain programs that are attractive to medicare participants; if our medicare operations are subject to negative outcomes from program audits, sanctions or penalties; if we do not submit adequate bids in our existing markets or any expansion markets; if our existing contracts are terminated; or if we fail to maintain or improve our quality star ratings, our current medicare business and our ability to expand our medicare operations could be materially and adversely affected, negatively impacting our financial performance. for example, our parent star rating for the 2020 rating year is 3.5, which may negatively affect quality bonus payments for medicare advantage plans in 2021. the lowered star rating for the 2020 rating year may have reduced the attractiveness of the affected plans and our other offerings to members, reduce revenue from the affected plans and impact our medicare expansion efforts, which are a strategic focus for the company.
there are also specific additional risks under title xviii, part d of the social security act associated with our provision of medicare part d prescription drug benefits as part of our medicare advantage plan offerings. these risks include potential uncollectibility of receivables, inadequacy of pricing assumptions, inability to receive and process information and increased pharmaceutical costs, as well as the underlying seasonality of this business, and extended settlement periods for claims submissions. our failure to comply with part d program requirements can result in financial and/or operational sanctions on our part d products, as well as on our medicare advantage products that offer no prescription drug coverage.
although we do not anticipate that a single-payer national health insurance system will be enacted by the current congress, several legislative initiatives have been proposed by members of congress and presidential candidates that would establish some form of a single public or quasi-public agency that organizes healthcare financing, but under which healthcare delivery would remain private. if enacted, such a system could adversely affect our business.
failure to accurately estimate and price our medical expenses or effectively manage our medical costs or related administrative costs could negatively affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
our profitability depends to a significant degree on our ability to estimate and effectively manage expenses related to health benefits through, among other things, our ability to contract favorably with hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers. for example, our medicaid revenue is often based on bids submitted before the start of the initial contract year. if our actual medical expenses exceed our estimates, our health benefits ratio (hbr), or our expenses related to medical services as a percentage of premium revenues, would increase and our profits would decline. because of the narrow margins of our health plan business, relatively small changes in our hbr can create significant changes in our financial results. changes in healthcare regulations and practices, the level of utilization of healthcare services, hospital and pharmaceutical costs, disasters, the potential effects of climate change, major epidemics, pandemics or newly emergent viruses (such as the coronavirus), new medical technologies, new pharmaceutical compounds, increases in provider fraud and other external factors, including general economic conditions such as inflation and unemployment levels, are generally beyond our control and could reduce our ability to accurately predict and effectively control the costs of providing health benefits. also, member behavior could continue to be influenced by the uncertainty surrounding changes to the aca, including the removal of the penalty associated with the aca's individual mandate in 2019.
our medical expenses include claims reported but not paid, estimates for claims incurred but not reported, and estimates for the costs necessary to process unpaid claims at the end of each period. our development of the medical claims liability estimate is a continuous process which we monitor and refine on a monthly basis as claims receipts and payment information as well as inpatient acuity information becomes available. as more complete information becomes available, we adjust the amount of the estimate, and include the changes in estimates in medical expenses in the period in which the changes are identified. given the uncertainties inherent in such estimates, there can be no assurance that our medical claims liability estimate will be adequate, and any adjustments to the estimate may unfavorably impact our results of operations and may be material.
additionally, when we commence operations in a new state, region or product, we have limited information with which to estimate our medical claims liability. for a period of time after the inception of the new business, we base our estimates on government-provided historical actuarial data and limited actual incurred and received claims and inpatient acuity information. the addition of new categories of eligible individuals, as well as evolving health insurance marketplace plans, may pose difficulty in estimating our medical claims liability.
from time to time in the past, our actual results have varied from our estimates, particularly in times of significant changes in the number of our members. if it is determined that our estimates are significantly different than actual results, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected. in addition, if there is a significant delay in our receipt of premiums, our business operations, cash flows, or earnings could be negatively impacted.
the implementation of the aca, as well as potential repeal of, changes to, or judicial challenges to the aca, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
the enactment of the aca in march 2010 transformed the u.s. healthcare delivery system through a series of complex initiatives; however, the implementation of the aca continues to face judicial challenges as well as challenges from the current administration to repeal or change certain of its significant provisions. changes to, or repeal of, portions or the entirety of the aca, as well as judicial interpretations in response to legal and other constitutional challenges, could materially and adversely affect our business and financial position, results of operations or cash flows. even if the aca is not amended or repealed, the current administration could continue to propose changes impacting implementation of the aca, which could materially and adversely affect our financial position or operations.
among the most significant of the aca's provisions was the establishment of the health insurance marketplace for individuals and small employers to purchase health insurance coverage that included a minimum level of benefits and restrictions on coverage limitations and premium rates, as well as the expansion of medicaid coverage to all individuals under age 65 with incomes up to 138% of the federal poverty level beginning january 1, 2014, subject to each state's election. the hhs additionally indicated that it would consider a limited number of premium assistance demonstration proposals from states that want to privatize medicaid expansion. arkansas was the first state to obtain federal approval to use medicaid funding to purchase private insurance for low-income residents, and we began operations under the program beginning on january 1, 2014. several states have obtained section 1115 waivers to implement the aca's medicaid expansion in ways that extend beyond the flexibility provided by the federal law, with additional states pursuing section 1115 waivers regarding eligibility criteria, benefits and cost-sharing, and provider payments across their medicaid programs. litigation challenging section 1115 waiver activity for both new and previously approved waivers is expected to continue both through administrative actions and the courts.
there have been significant efforts by the current administration to repeal, or limit implementation of, certain provisions of the aca through changes in regulations. such initiatives include repeal of the individual mandate effective in 2019, as well as easing the regulatory restrictions placed on short-term health plans and association health plans (ahps), which plans often provide fewer benefits than the traditional aca insurance benefits.
additionally, the u.s. department of labor issued a final rule on june 19, 2018 which expanded flexibility regarding the regulation and formation of ahps provided by small employer groups and associations. on june 13, 2019, the hhs, the u.s. department of labor and the u.s. treasury issued a final rule allowing employers of all sizes that do not offer a group coverage plan to fund a new kind of health reimbursement arrangement (hra), known as an individual coverage hra (ichra). beginning january 1, 2020, employees are able to use employer-funded ichras to buy individual-market insurance, including insurance purchased on the public exchanges formed under the aca.
in addition to efforts by the current administration to expand the flexibility of other insurance plan options that are not required to meet aca requirements, there have also been efforts to address the aca's non-deductible tax imposed on health insurers based on prior year net premiums written (the "health insurer fee" or "hif"). the aca imposed hif was $8.0 billion in 2014, and $11.3 billion in each of 2015 and 2016, with increasing annual amounts thereafter. the hif payable in 2017 was suspended by the consolidated appropriations act for fiscal year 2016; however, a $14.3 billion payment occurred in 2018. collection of the hif for 2019 was also suspended, but resumed in 2020 with an anticipated $15.5 billion payment. congress passed a spending bill in december 2019, which would repeal the health insurance tax indefinitely, effective in 2021. there is continuing litigation pending against the federal government regarding the requirement to reimburse medicaid managed care organizations for the health insurer fee. if we are not reimbursed by the states for the cost of the hif (including the associated tax impact), or if we are unable to otherwise adjust our business model to address the current assessment, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
the constitutionality of the aca itself continues to face judicial challenge. in december 2018, a partial summary judgment ruling in texas v. united states of america held that the aca's individual mandate requirement was essential to the aca, and without it, the remainder of the aca was invalid (i.e., that it was not "severable" from the aca). that decision was appealed to the fifth circuit, which ruled in december 2019 that the individual mandate was unconstitutional after congress set the individual mandate penalty to $0, and remanded the case to the district court for additional analysis on the question of severability. the aca remains in effect until judicial review of the decision is concluded. the ultimate content, timing or effect of any potential future legislation enacted under the current administration or the outcome of the lawsuit cannot be predicted.
these changes and other potential changes involving the functioning of the health insurance marketplace as a result of new legislation, regulation or executive action, could impact our business and results of operations.
any failure to adequately price products offered or reduction in products offered in the health insurance marketplaces may have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flow.
any failure to adequately price products offered or reduction in products offered in the health insurance marketplaces may have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flow. among other things, due to the repeal of the individual mandate in the tax cuts and jobs act (tcja), we may be adversely selected by individuals who have higher acuity levels than those individuals who selected us in the past and healthy individuals may decide to opt out of the pool altogether. in addition, the risk adjustment provisions of the aca established to apportion risk amongst insurers may not be effective in appropriately mitigating the financial risks related to the marketplace product, are subject to a high degree of estimation and variability, and are affected by our members' acuity relative to the membership acuity of other insurers. further, changes in the competitive marketplace over time may exacerbate the uncertainty in these relatively new markets. for example, competitors seeking to gain a foothold in the changing market may introduce pricing that we may not be able to match, which may adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. competitors may also choose to exit the market altogether or otherwise suffer financial difficulty, which could adversely impact the pool of potential insured, or require us to increase premium rates. any significant variation from our expectations regarding acuity, enrollment levels, adverse selection, or other assumptions utilized in setting adequate premium rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
our business activities are highly regulated and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations or their enforcement or application could force us to change how we operate and could harm our business.
our business is extensively regulated by the states in which we operate and by the federal government. in addition, the managed care industry has received negative publicity that has led to increased legislation, regulation, review of industry practices and private litigation in the commercial sector. such negative publicity may adversely affect our stock price and damage our reputation in various markets.
in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate, we are regulated by the relevant insurance, health and/or human services or government departments that oversee the activities of managed care organizations providing or arranging to provide services to medicaid, medicare, health insurance marketplace enrollees or other beneficiaries. for example, our health plan subsidiaries, as well as our applicable specialty companies, must comply with minimum statutory capital and other financial solvency requirements, such as deposit and surplus requirements.
the frequent enactment of, changes to, or interpretations of laws and regulations could, among other things: force us to restructure our relationships with providers within our network; require us to implement additional or different programs and systems; restrict revenue and enrollment growth; increase our healthcare and administrative costs; impose additional capital and surplus requirements; and increase or change our liability to members in the event of malpractice by our contracted providers. in addition, changes in political party or administrations at the state or federal level in the united states or internationally may change the attitude towards healthcare programs and result in changes to the existing legislative or regulatory environment.
additionally, the taxes and fees paid to federal, state and local governments may increase due to several factors, including: enactment of, changes to, or interpretations of tax laws and regulations, audits by governmental authorities, geographic expansions into higher taxing jurisdictions and the effect of expansions into international markets.
our contracts with states may require us to maintain a minimum hbr or may require us to share profits in excess of certain levels. in certain circumstances, our plans may be required to return premiums back to the state in the event profits exceed established levels or hbr does not meet the minimum requirement. factors that may impact the amount of premium returned to the state include transparent pharmacy pricing and rebate initiatives. other states may require us to meet certain performance and quality metrics in order to maintain our contract or receive additional or full contractual revenue.
the governmental healthcare programs in which we participate are subject to the satisfaction of certain regulations and performance standards. there are numerous steps regulators require for continued implementation of the aca, including the promulgation of a substantial number of potentially more onerous federal regulations. if we fail to effectively implement or appropriately adjust our operational and strategic initiatives with respect to the implementation of healthcare reform, or do not do so as effectively as our competitors, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. for example, under the aca, congress authorized cms and the states to implement managed care demonstration programs to serve dually eligible beneficiaries to improve the coordination of their care. participation in these demonstration programs is subject to cms approval and the satisfaction of conditions to participation, including meeting certain performance requirements. our inability to improve or maintain adequate quality scores and star ratings to meet government performance requirements or to match the performance of our competitors could result in limitations to our participation in or exclusion from these or other government programs. specifically, several of our medicaid contracts require us to maintain a medicare health plan.
in april 2016, cms issued final regulations that revised existing medicaid managed care rules by establishing a minimum mlr standard for medicaid of 85% and strengthening provisions related to network adequacy and access to care, enrollment and disenrollment protections, beneficiary support information, continued service during beneficiary appeals, and delivery system and payment reform initiatives, among others. cms subsequently issued a notice of proposed rulemaking on november 8, 2018, advancing cms' efforts to streamline the medicaid and chip managed care regulatory framework and to pursue a broader strategy to relieve regulatory burdens, support state flexibility and local leadership, and promote transparency, flexibility, and innovation in the delivery of care. public comments were submitted in january 2019; however, a final rule has yet to be issued. although we strive to comply with all existing regulations and to meet performance standards applicable to our business, failure to meet these requirements could result in financial fines and penalties. also, states or other governmental entities may not allow us to continue to participate in their government programs, or we may fail to win procurements to participate in such programs, either of which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
in addition, as a result of the expansion of our businesses and operations conducted in foreign countries, we face political, economic, legal, compliance, regulatory, operational and other risks and exposures that are unique and vary by jurisdiction. these foreign regulatory requirements with respect to, among other items, environmental, tax, licensing, intellectual property, privacy, data protection, investment, capital, management control, labor relations, and fraud and corruption regulations are different than those faced by our domestic businesses. in addition, we are subject to u.s. laws that regulate the conduct and activities of u.s.-based businesses operating abroad, such as the foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa). any failure to comply with laws and regulations governing our conduct outside the united states or to successfully navigate international regulatory regimes that apply to us could adversely affect our ability to market our products and services, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our businesses providing pharmacy benefit management and specialty pharmacy services face regulatory and other risks and uncertainties which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we provide pharmacy benefit management (pbm) and specialty pharmacy services, including through our envolve pharmacy solutions product. these businesses are subject to federal and state laws that govern the relationships of the business with pharmaceutical manufacturers, physicians, pharmacies, customers and consumers. we also conduct business as a mail order pharmacy and specialty pharmacy, which subjects these businesses to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations. in addition, federal and state legislatures and regulators regularly consider new regulations for the industry that could materially and adversely affect current industry practices, including the receipt or disclosure of rebates from pharmaceutical companies, the development and use of formularies, and the use of average wholesale prices.
our pbm and specialty pharmacy businesses would be materially and adversely affected by an inability to contract on favorable terms with pharmaceutical manufacturers and other suppliers, including with respect to the structuring of rebates and pricing of new specialty and generic drugs. in addition, our pbm and specialty pharmacy businesses could face potential claims in connection with purported errors by our mail order or specialty pharmacies, including in connection with the risks inherent in the authorization, compounding, packaging and distribution of pharmaceuticals and other healthcare products. disruptions at any of our mail order or specialty pharmacies due to an event that is beyond our control could affect our ability to process and dispense prescriptions in a timely manner and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
if any of our government contracts are terminated or are not renewed on favorable terms or at all, or if we receive an adverse finding or review resulting from an audit or investigation, our business may be adversely affected.
a substantial portion of our business relates to the provision of managed care programs and selected services to individuals receiving benefits under governmental assistance or entitlement programs. we provide these and other healthcare services under contracts with government entities in the areas in which we operate. our government contracts are generally intended to run for a fixed number of years and may be extended for an additional specified number of years if the contracting entity or its agent elects to do so. when our contracts with government entities expire, they may be opened for bidding by competing healthcare providers, and there is no guarantee that our contracts will be renewed or extended. competitors may buy their way into the market by submitting bids with lower pricing. even if our responsive bids are successful, the bids may be based upon assumptions or other factors which could result in the contracts being less profitable than we had anticipated. further, our government contracts contain certain provisions regarding eligibility, enrollment and dis-enrollment processes for covered services, eligible providers, periodic financial and informational reporting, quality assurance, timeliness of claims payment and agreement to maintain a medicare plan in the state and financial standards, among other things, and are subject to cancellation if we fail to perform in accordance with the standards set by regulatory agencies.
we are also subject to various reviews, audits and investigations to verify our compliance with the terms of our contracts with various governmental agencies, as well as compliance with applicable laws and regulations. any adverse review, audit or investigation could result in, among other things: cancellation of our contracts; refunding of amounts we have been paid pursuant to our contracts; imposition of fines, penalties and other sanctions on us; loss of our right to participate in various programs; increased difficulty in selling our products and services; loss of one or more of our licenses; lowered quality star ratings; or required changes to the way we do business. in addition, under government procurement regulations and practices, a negative determination resulting from a government audit of our business practices could result in a contractor being fined, debarred and/or suspended from being able to bid on, or be awarded, new government contracts for a period of time.
if any of our government contracts are terminated, not renewed, renewed on less favorable terms, or not renewed on a timely basis, or if we receive an adverse finding or review resulting from an audit or investigation, our business and reputation may be adversely impacted, our goodwill could be impaired and our financial position, results of operations or cash flows may be materially affected.
we contract with independent third-party vendors and service providers who provide services to us and our subsidiaries or to whom we delegate selected functions. violations of, or noncompliance with, laws and regulations governing our business by such third parties, or governing our dealings with such parties, could, among other things, subject us to additional audits, reviews and investigations and other adverse effects.
ineffectiveness of state-operated systems and subcontractors could adversely affect our business.
a number of our health plans rely on other state-operated systems or subcontractors to qualify, solicit, educate and assign eligible members into managed care plans. the effectiveness of these state operations and subcontractors can have a material effect on a health plan's enrollment in a particular month or over an extended period. when a state implements either new programs to determine eligibility or new processes to assign or enroll eligible members into health plans, or when it chooses new subcontractors, there is an increased potential for an unanticipated impact on the overall number of members assigned to managed care plans.
our investment portfolio may suffer losses which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or liquidity.
we maintain a significant investment portfolio of cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments in a variety of securities, which are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks and will decline in value if interest rates increase or one of the issuers' credit ratings is reduced. as a result, we may experience a reduction in value or loss of our investments, which may have a negative adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.
execution of our growth strategy may increase costs or liabilities, or create disruptions in our business.
our growth strategy includes, without limitation, the acquisition and expansion of health plans participating in government sponsored healthcare programs and specialty services businesses, contract rights and related assets of other health plans both in our existing service areas and in new markets and start-up operations in new markets or new products in existing markets. we continue to pursue opportunistic acquisitions to expand into new geographies and complementary business lines as well as to augment existing operations, and we may be in discussions with respect to one or multiple targets at any given time. although we review the records of companies or businesses we plan to acquire, it is possible that we could assume unanticipated liabilities or adverse operating conditions, or an acquisition may not perform as well as expected or may not achieve timely profitability. we also face the risk that we will not be able to effectively integrate acquisitions into our existing operations effectively without substantial expense, delay or other operational or financial problems and we may need to divert more management resources to integration than we planned.
in connection with start-up operations and system migrations, we may incur significant expenses prior to commencement of operations and the receipt of revenue. for example, in order to obtain a certificate of authority in most jurisdictions, we must first establish a provider network, have systems in place and demonstrate our ability to administer a state contract and process claims. we may experience delays in operational start dates. as a result of these factors, start-up operations may decrease our profitability. in addition, we are planning to further expand our business internationally and we will be subject to additional risks, including, but not limited to, political risk, an unfamiliar regulatory regime, currency exchange risk and exchange controls, cultural and language differences, foreign tax issues, and different labor laws and practices.
if we are unable to effectively execute our growth strategy, our future growth will suffer and our results of operations could be harmed.
if competing managed care programs are unwilling to purchase specialty services from us, we may not be able to successfully implement our strategy of diversifying our business lines.
we are seeking to diversify our business lines into areas that complement our government sponsored health plan business in order to grow our revenue stream and diversify our business. in order to diversify our business, we must succeed in selling the services of our specialty subsidiaries not only to our managed care plans, but to programs operated by third parties. some of these third-party programs may compete with us in some markets, and they therefore may be unwilling to purchase specialty services from us. in any event, the offering of these services will require marketing activities that differ significantly from the manner in which we seek to increase revenues from our government sponsored programs. our ineffectiveness in marketing specialty services to third parties may impair our ability to execute our business strategy.
adverse credit market conditions may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity or our ability to obtain credit on acceptable terms.
in the past, the securities and credit markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruption. the availability of credit, from virtually all types of lenders, has at times been restricted. in the event we need access to additional capital to pay our operating expenses, fund subsidiary surplus requirements, make payments on or refinance our indebtedness, pay capital expenditures, or fund acquisitions, our ability to obtain such capital may be limited and the cost of any such capital may be significant, particularly if we are unable to access our existing credit facility.
our access to additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as prevailing economic and credit market conditions, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to our industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, and perceptions of our financial prospects. similarly, our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. if one or any combination of these factors were to occur, our internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient, and in such case, we may not be able to successfully obtain sufficient additional financing on favorable terms, within an acceptable time, or at all.
if state regulators do not approve payments of dividends and distributions by our subsidiaries to us, we may not have sufficient funds to implement our business strategy.
we principally operate through our health plan subsidiaries. as part of normal operations, we may make requests for dividends and distributions from our subsidiaries to fund our operations. in addition to state corporate law limitations, these subsidiaries are subject to more stringent state insurance and hmo laws and regulations that limit the amount of dividends and distributions that can be paid to us without prior approval of, or notification to, state regulators. if these regulators were to deny our subsidiaries' requests to pay dividends, the funds available to us would be limited, which could harm our ability to implement our business strategy.
we derive a significant portion of our premium revenues from operations in a limited number of states, and our financial position, results of operations or cash flows could be materially affected by a decrease in premium revenues or profitability in any one of those states.
operations in a limited number of states have accounted for a significant portion of our premium revenues to date. if we were unable to continue to operate in any of those states or if our current operations in any portion of one of those states were significantly curtailed, our revenues could decrease materially. our reliance on operations in a limited number of states could cause our revenues and profitability to change suddenly and unexpectedly depending on legislative or other governmental or regulatory actions and decisions, economic conditions and similar factors in those states. for example, states we currently serve may open the bidding for their medicaid program to other health insurers through a request for proposal process. our inability to continue to operate in any of the states in which we operate could harm our business.
competition may limit our ability to increase penetration of the markets that we serve.
we compete for members principally on the basis of size and quality of provider networks, benefits provided and quality of service. we compete with numerous types of competitors, including other health plans and traditional state medicaid programs that reimburse providers as care is provided, as well as technology companies, new joint ventures, financial services firms, consulting firms and other non-traditional competitors. in addition, the administration of the aca has the potential to shift the competitive landscape in our segment.
some of the health plans with which we compete have greater financial and other resources and offer a broader scope of products than we do. in addition, significant merger and acquisition activity has occurred in the managed care industry, as well as complementary industries, such as the hospital, physician, pharmaceutical, medical device and health information systems businesses. to the extent that competition intensifies in any market that we serve, as a result of industry consolidation or otherwise, our ability to retain or increase members and providers, or maintain or increase our revenue growth, pricing flexibility and control over medical cost trends may be adversely affected.
if we are unable to maintain relationships with our provider networks, our profitability may be harmed.
our profitability depends, in large part, upon our ability to contract at competitive prices with hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers. our provider arrangements with our primary care physicians, specialists and hospitals generally may be canceled by either party without cause upon 90 to 120 days prior written notice. we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to continue to renew our existing contracts or enter into new contracts on a timely basis or under favorable terms enabling us to service our members profitably. healthcare providers with whom we contract may not properly manage the costs of services, maintain financial solvency or avoid disputes with other providers. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the provision of services to our members and our operations.
in any particular market, physicians and other healthcare providers could refuse to contract, demand higher payments, or take other actions that could result in higher medical costs or difficulty in meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements, among other things. in some markets, certain healthcare providers, particularly hospitals, physician/hospital organizations or multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant market positions or near monopolies that could result in diminished bargaining power on our part. in addition, accountable care organizations, practice management companies, which aggregate physician practices for administrative efficiency and marketing leverage, and other organizational structures that physicians, hospitals and other healthcare providers choose may change the way in which these providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape. such organizations or groups of healthcare providers may compete directly with us, which could adversely affect our operations, and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows by impacting our relationships with these providers or affecting the way that we price our products and estimate our costs, which might require us to incur costs to change our operations. provider networks may consolidate, resulting in a reduction in the competitive environment. in addition, if these providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate contracts unfavorable to us or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas could be materially and adversely affected.
from time to time, healthcare providers assert or threaten to assert claims seeking to terminate non-cancelable agreements due to alleged actions or inactions by us. if we are unable to retain our current provider contract terms or enter into new provider contracts timely or on favorable terms, our profitability may be harmed. in addition, from time to time, we may be subject to class action or other lawsuits by healthcare providers with respect to claim payment procedures or similar matters. for example, our wholly owned subsidiary, health net life insurance company (hnl), is and may continue to be subject to such disputes with respect to hnl's payment levels in connection with the processing of out-of-network provider reimbursement claims for the provision of certain substance abuse related services. hnl expects to vigorously defend its claims payment practices. nevertheless, in the event hnl receives an adverse finding in any related legal proceeding or from a regulator, or is otherwise required to reimburse providers for these claims at rates that are higher than expected or for claims hnl otherwise believes are unallowable, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. in addition, regardless of whether any such lawsuits brought against us are successful or have merit, they will still be time-consuming and costly and could distract our management's attention. as a result, under such circumstances we may incur significant expenses and may be unable to operate our business effectively.
we may be unable to attract, retain or effectively manage the succession of key personnel.
we are highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel to operate and expand our business. we would be adversely impacted if we are unable to adequately plan for the succession of our executives and senior management. while we have succession plans in place for members of our executive and senior management team, these plans do not guarantee that the services of our executive and senior management team will continue to be available to us. our ability to replace any departed members of our executive and senior management team or other key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in the managed care and specialty services industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to operate and successfully expand a business such as ours. competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these personnel. if we are unable to attract, retain and effectively manage the succession plans for key personnel, executives and senior management, our business and financial position, results of operations or cash flows could be harmed.
if we are unable to integrate and manage our information systems effectively, our operations could be disrupted.
our operations depend significantly on effective information systems. the information gathered and processed by our information systems assists us in, among other things, monitoring utilization and other cost factors, processing provider claims, and providing data to our regulators. our healthcare providers also depend upon our information systems for membership verifications, claims status and other information. our information systems and applications require continual maintenance, upgrading and enhancement to meet our operational needs and regulatory requirements. we regularly upgrade and expand our information systems' capabilities. if we experience difficulties with the transition to or from information systems or do not appropriately integrate, maintain, enhance or expand our information systems, we could suffer, among other things, operational disruptions, loss of existing members and difficulty in attracting new members, regulatory problems and increases in administrative expenses. in addition, our ability to integrate and manage our information systems may be impaired as the result of events outside our control, including acts of nature, such as earthquakes or fires, or acts of terrorists. in addition, we may from time to time obtain significant portions of our systems-related or other services or facilities from independent third parties, which may make our operations vulnerable if such third parties fail to perform adequately.
from time to time, we may become involved in costly and time-consuming litigation and other regulatory proceedings, which require significant attention from our management.
from time to time, we are a defendant in lawsuits and regulatory actions and are subject to investigations relating to our business, including, without limitation, medical malpractice claims, claims by members alleging failure to pay for or provide healthcare, claims related to non-payment or insufficient payments for out-of-network services, claims alleging bad faith, investigations regarding our submission of risk adjuster claims, putative securities class actions, and claims related to the imposition of new taxes, including but not limited to claims that may have retroactive application. due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. an unfavorable outcome could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows and may affect our reputation. in addition, regardless of the outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceedings, such proceedings are costly and time consuming and require significant attention from our management, and could therefore harm our business and financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
an impairment charge with respect to our recorded goodwill and intangible assets could have a material impact on our results of operations.
we periodically evaluate our goodwill and other intangible assets to determine whether all or a portion of their carrying values may be impaired, in which case a charge to earnings may be necessary. changes in business strategy, government regulations or economic or market conditions have resulted and may result in impairments of our goodwill and other intangible assets at any time in the future. our judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on, among other things, legal factors, market conditions, and operational performance. for example, the non-renewal of our health plan contracts with the state in which they operate may be an indicator of impairment. if an event or events occur that would cause us to revise our estimates and assumptions used in analyzing the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets, such revision could result in a non-cash impairment charge that could have a material impact on our results of operations in the period in which the impairment occurs.
if we fail to comply with applicable privacy, security, and data laws, regulations and standards, including with respect to third-party service providers that utilize sensitive personal information on our behalf, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
as part of our normal operations, we collect, process and retain confidential member information. we are subject to various federal state and international laws and rules regarding the use and disclosure of confidential member information, including the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996 (hipaa), the health information technology for economic and clinical health (hitech) act of 2009, the gramm-leach-bliley act, and the eu's gdpr, which require us to protect the privacy of medical records and safeguard personal health information we maintain and use. certain of our businesses are also subject to the payment card industry data security standard, which is a multifaceted security standard that is designed to protect credit card account data as mandated by payment card industry entities. despite our best attempts to maintain adherence to information privacy and security best practices, as well as compliance with applicable laws, rules and contractual requirements, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to privacy or security breaches, acts of vandalism or theft, malware or other forms of cyber-attack, misplaced or lost data including paper or electronic media, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. in the past, we have had data breaches resulting in disclosure of confidential or protected health information that have not resulted in any material financial loss or penalty to date. however, future data breaches could require us to expend significant resources to remediate any damage, interrupt our operations and damage our reputation, subject us to state or federal agency review and could also result in enforcement actions, material fines and penalties, litigation or other actions which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
in addition, hipaa broadened the scope of fraud, waste and abuse laws applicable to healthcare companies. hipaa established new enforcement mechanisms to combat fraud, waste and abuse, including civil and, in some instances, criminal penalties for failure to comply with specific standards relating to the privacy, security and electronic transmission of protected health information. the hitech act expanded the scope of these provisions by mandating individual notification in instances of breaches of protected health information, providing enhanced penalties for hipaa violations, and granting enforcement authority to states' attorneys general in addition to the hhs office for civil rights. the hhs office for civil rights received $28.7 million from enforcement actions in 2018, surpassing the previous record of $23.5 million from 2016 by 22 percent. it is possible that congress may enact additional legislation in the future to increase the amount or application of penalties and to create a private right of action under hipaa, which could entitle patients to seek monetary damages for violations of the privacy rules.
if we fail to comply with the extensive federal and state fraud, waste and abuse laws, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
we, along with all other companies involved in public healthcare programs are the subject of fraud, waste and abuse investigations from time to time. the regulations and contractual requirements applicable to participants in these public sector programs are complex and subject to change. violations of fraud, waste and abuse laws applicable to us could result in civil monetary penalties, criminal fines and imprisonment, and/or exclusion from participation in medicaid, medicare, tricare and other federal healthcare programs and federally funded state health programs. fraud, waste and abuse prohibitions encompass a wide range of activities, including kickbacks for referral of members, incorrect and unsubstantiated billing or billing for unnecessary medical services, improper marketing and violations of patient privacy rights. these fraud, waste and abuse laws include the federal false claims act, which prohibits the known filing of a false claim or the known use of false statements to obtain payment from the federal government and the federal anti-kickback statute, which prohibits the payment or receipt of remuneration to induce referrals or recommendations of healthcare items or services. many states have false claim act and anti-kickback statutes that closely resemble the federal false claims act and the federal anti-kickback statute. in addition, the deficit reduction act of 2005 encouraged states to enact state-versions of the federal false claims act that establish liability to the state for false and fraudulent medicaid claims and that provide for, among other things, claims to be filed by qui tam relators (private parties acting on the government's behalf). federal and state governments have made investigating and prosecuting healthcare fraud, waste and abuse a priority. in the event we fail to comply with the extensive federal and state fraud, waste and abuse laws, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
a failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties with which we do business, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could have an adverse effect on our business.
information security risks have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct our operations, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties, including foreign state agents. our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer systems and networks.
security breaches may arise from external or internal threats. external breaches include hacking personal information for financial gain, attempting to cause harm or interruption to our operations, or intending to obtain competitive information. we experience attempted external hacking or malicious attacks on a regular basis. we maintain a rigorous system of prevention and detection controls through our security programs; however, our prevention and detection controls may not prevent or identify all such attacks on a timely basis, or at all. internal breaches may result from inappropriate security access to confidential information by rogue employees, consultants or third party service providers. any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential member information, financial data, competitively sensitive information, or other proprietary data, whether by us or a third party, could have a material adverse effect on our business reputation, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
the market price of our common stock may decline as a result of significant acquisitions.
the market price of our common stock is generally subject to volatility, and there can be no assurances regarding the level or stability of our share price at any time. the market price of our common stock may decline as a result of acquisitions if, among other things, we are unable to achieve the expected growth in earnings, or if the operational cost savings estimates in connection with the integration of acquired businesses with ours are not realized, or if the transaction costs related to the acquisitions and integrations are greater than expected or if any financing related to the acquisitions is on unfavorable terms. the market price also may decline if we do not achieve the perceived benefits of the acquisitions as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial or industry analysts or if the effect of the acquisitions on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows is not consistent with the expectations of financial or industry analysts.
we may be unable to successfully integrate our existing business with acquired businesses, and realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions.
the success of acquisitions we make will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine the existing business of centene with such acquired businesses and realize the anticipated benefits, including synergies, cost savings, growth in earnings, innovation and operational efficiencies, from the combinations. if we are unable to achieve these objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated benefits may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected and the value of our common stock may be harmed.
the integration of acquired businesses with our existing business is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. the integration may result in material challenges, including, without limitation:
   the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns and performance shortfalls as a result of the devotion of management's attention to the integration;
   maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees;
   the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process;
   retaining existing business and operational relationships and attracting new business and operational relationships;
   consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations;
   unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications and other systems;
   unanticipated changes in federal or state laws or regulations, including the aca and any regulations enacted thereunder;
   unforeseen expenses or delays associated with the acquisition and/or integration; and
many of these factors will be outside of our control and any one of them could result in delays, increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. our ability to successfully manage the expanded business following any given acquisition will depend, in part, upon management's ability to design and implement strategic initiatives that address the increased scale and scope of the combined business with its associated increased costs and complexity. there can be no assurances that we will be successful in managing our expanded operations as a result of acquisitions or that we will realize the expected growth in earnings, operating efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits.
we have substantial indebtedness outstanding and may incur additional indebtedness in the future. such indebtedness could reduce our agility and may adversely affect our financial condition.
as of december 31, 2019, we had consolidated indebtedness of approximately $13,726 million, excluding the notes issued in the exchange offer described below, and we may further increase our indebtedness in the future. in connection with the wellcare acquisition, we completed an exchange offer for 5.25% senior notes due 2025 and 5.375% senior notes due 2026 (collectively, the wellcare notes) issued by wellcare and issued $1,146 million aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due 2025 and $747 million aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due 2026. additionally, our wholly-owned subsidiary, wellington merger sub ii, inc. assumed the remaining wellcare notes. this increased indebtedness and any resulting higher debt-to-equity ratio will have the effect, among other things, of reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and increasing borrowing costs.
among other things, our revolving credit facility and term loan facility (collectively, the company credit agreement) and the indentures governing our notes require us to comply with various covenants that impose restrictions on our operations, including our ability to incur additional indebtedness, create liens, pay dividends, make certain investments or other restricted payments, sell or otherwise dispose of substantially all of our assets and engage in other activities. our company credit facility also requires us to comply with a maximum debt-to-ebitda ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. these restrictive covenants could limit our ability to pursue our business strategies. in addition, any failure by us to comply with these restrictive covenants could result in an event of default under the company credit facility and, in some circumstances, under the indentures governing our notes, which, in any case, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
changes in the method pursuant to which the libor rates are determined and potential phasing out of libor after 2021 may affect the value of the financial obligations to be held or issued by us that are linked to libor or our results of operations or financial condition.
as of december 31, 2019, we held $2.1 billion notional amount of interest rate swaps that use the london interbank offered rate (libor) as a reference rate and borrowings under our company credit facility bear interest based upon various reference rates, including libor. on july 27, 2017, the financial conduct authority (the authority that regulates libor) announced that it intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. it is unclear whether new methods of calculating libor will be established such that it continues to exist after 2021. the u.s. federal reserve, in conjunction with the alternative reference rates committee, a steering committee comprised of large u.s. financial institutions, announced replacement of u.s. dollar libor with a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by u.s. treasury securities called the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr"). the first publication of sofr was released in april 2018. whether or not sofr attains market traction as a libor replacement tool remains in question and the future of libor at this time is uncertain. as a result, it is not possible to predict the effect of any changes, establishment of alternative references rates or other reforms to libor that may be enacted in the u.k. or elsewhere. the elimination of libor or any other changes or reforms to the determination or supervision of libor could have an adverse impact on the market for or value of any libor-linked securities, loans, derivatives and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us or on our overall financial condition or results of operations.
future issuances and sales of additional shares of preferred or common stock could reduce the market price of our shares of common stock.
we may, from time to time, issue additional securities to raise capital or in connection with acquisitions. we often acquire interests in other companies by using a combination of cash and our common stock or just our common stock. further, shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series as our board of directors may from time to time determine each such series to be distinctively designated. the issuance of any such preferred stock could materially adversely affect the rights of holders of our common stock. any of these events may dilute your ownership interest in our company and have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock.
the wellcare acquisition may not be accretive and may cause dilution to our earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market price of our common stock.
although we currently anticipate that the wellcare acquisition will be accretive to earnings per share (on an adjusted earnings basis that is not pursuant to gaap) during the second year after the consummation of the wellcare acquisition, this expectation is based on assumptions about our and wellcare's business and preliminary estimates, which may change materially. certain other amounts to be paid in connection with the wellcare acquisition may cause dilution to our earnings per share or decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the wellcare acquisition and cause a decrease in the market price of our common stock. in addition, we could encounter additional transaction-related costs or other factors such as the failure to realize all of the benefits anticipated in the wellcare acquisition, including cost and revenue synergies. all of these factors could cause dilution to our earnings per share or decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the wellcare acquisition and cause a decrease in the market price of our common stock.
we may be unable to successfully integrate our business with wellcare and realize the anticipated benefits of the wellcare acquisition.
the success of the wellcare acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine the businesses of centene and wellcare and realize the anticipated benefits, including synergies, cost savings, innovation and operational efficiencies, from the combination. if we are unable to achieve these objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated benefits may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected and the value of its common stock may be harmed.
the wellcare acquisition involves the integration of wellcare's business with our existing business, which is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. we have not previously completed an acquisition comparable in size or scope to the wellcare acquisition. the integration of the two companies may result in material challenges, including, without limitation:
   the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns and performance shortfalls at one or both of the companies as a result of the devotion of management's attention to the wellcare acquisition;
   maintaining employee morale and attracting and motivating and retaining management personnel and other key employees;
   the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process;
   retaining existing business and operational relationships and attracting new business and operational relationships;
   consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations;
   unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications and other systems;
   unanticipated changes in federal or state laws or regulations, including the aca and any regulations enacted thereunder;
   unforeseen expenses or delays associated with the wellcare acquisition; and
   achieving actual cost savings of the wellcare acquisition at the anticipated levels.
many of these factors will be outside of our control and any one of them could result in delays, increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
our future results may be adversely impacted if we do not effectively manage our expanded operations following the completion of the wellcare acquisition.
our ability to successfully manage this expanded business following the completion of the wellcare acquisition will depend, in part, upon management's ability to design and implement strategic initiatives that address not only the integration of two independent stand-alone companies, but also the increased scale and scope of our business with its associated increased costs and complexity. there can be no assurances that we will be successful or that we will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits currently anticipated from the wellcare acquisition.
we are expected to incur substantial expenses related to integration of our business with wellcare.
we expect to incur substantial expenses in connection with the integration of our business with wellcare. there are a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems that must be integrated, including purchasing, accounting and finance, sales, payroll, pricing, revenue management, marketing and benefits. in addition, our and wellcare's businesses will continue to maintain a presence in st. louis, missouri and tampa, florida, respectively. the substantial majority of these costs will be non-recurring expenses related to the wellcare acquisition (including financing of the wellcare acquisition), facilities and systems consolidation costs. we may incur additional costs to maintain employee morale and to attract, motivate or retain management personnel and other key employees. we have incurred and will continue to incur acquisition fees and costs related to formulating integration plans for the combined business, and the execution of these plans may lead to additional unanticipated costs. additionally, as a result of the wellcare acquisition, rating agencies may take negative actions with regard to the company's credit ratings, which may increase the our financing costs, including in connection with the financing of the wellcare acquisition.
the financing arrangements that the we entered into in connection with the wellcare acquisition may, under certain circumstances, contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly impact the our ability to operate its business.
we incurred significant new indebtedness in connection with the wellcare acquisition. the agreements governing the indebtedness that we incurred in connection with the wellcare acquisition contain covenants that, among other things, may, under certain circumstances, place limitations on the dollar amounts paid or other actions relating to:
   payments in respect of, or redemptions or acquisitions of, debt or equity issued by the company or its subsidiaries, including the payment of dividends on our common stock;
   incurring additional indebtedness;
   creating liens on assets;
   entering into sale and leaseback transactions;
   making investments, loans or advances;
   entering into hedging transactions;
   engaging in mergers, consolidations or sales of all or substantially all of their respective assets; and
   engaging in certain transactions with affiliates.
in addition, we are required to maintain a minimum amount of excess availability as set forth in these agreements.
our ability to maintain minimum excess availability in future periods will depend on our ongoing financial and operating performance, which in turn will be subject to economic conditions and to financial, market and competitive factors, many of which are beyond our control. the ability to comply with this covenant in future periods will also depend on our ability to successfully implement its overall business strategy and realize the anticipated benefits of the wellcare acquisition, including synergies, cost savings, innovation and operational efficiencies.
various risks, uncertainties and events beyond our control could affect our ability to comply with the covenants contained in our financing agreements. failure to comply with any of the covenants in our existing or future financing agreements could result in a default under those agreements and under other agreements containing cross-default provisions. a default would permit lenders to accelerate the maturity of the debt under these agreements and to foreclose upon any collateral securing the debt. under these circumstances, we might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of its obligations. in addition, the limitations imposed by financing agreements on our ability to incur additional debt and to take other actions might significantly impair its ability to obtain other financing.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this filing. the discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including those set forth under part i, item 1a."risk factors" of this form 10-k. the following discussion and analysis does not include certain items related to the year ended december 31, 2017, including year-to-year comparisons between the year ended december 31, 2018 and the year ended december 31, 2017. for a comparison of our results of operations for the fiscal years ended december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017, see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018, filed with the sec on february 19, 2019.
executive overview general we are a leading multi-national healthcare enterprise that is committed to helping people live healthier lives. we take a local approach - with local brands and local teams - to provide fully integrated, high-quality, and cost-effective services to government-sponsored and commercial healthcare programs, focusing on under-insured and uninsured individuals.
results of operations depend on our ability to manage expenses associated with health benefits (including estimated costs incurred) and selling, general and administrative (sg&a) costs. we measure operating performance based upon two key ratios. the health benefits ratio (hbr) represents medical costs as a percentage of premium revenues, excluding premium tax and health insurer fee revenues that are separately billed, and reflects the direct relationship between the premiums received and the medical services provided. the sg&a expense ratio represents sg&a costs as a percentage of premium and service revenues, excluding premium tax and health insurer fee revenues that are separately billed.
our insurance subsidiaries are subject to the affordable care act annual health insurer fee (hif), absent a hif moratorium. the affordable care act (aca) imposed the hif in 2018, however the hif was suspended in 2019. in 2018, we recognized revenue for reimbursement of the hif, including the "gross-up" to reflect the non-deductibility of the hif. collectively, this revenue is recorded as premium tax and health insurer fee revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. for certain products, premium taxes, state assessments and the hif are not pass-through payments and are recorded as premium revenue and premium tax expense or health insurer fee expense in the consolidated statements of operations. due to the size of the hif fee, one of the primary drivers of the year-over-year variances discussed throughout this section is related to the moratorium in 2019.
wellcare acquisition on january 23, 2020, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of wellcare health plans, inc. (wellcare) (the wellcare acquisition). the transaction is valued at approximately $19.6 billion, including the assumption of $1.95 billion of outstanding debt. consideration for the acquisition consisted of centene common shares valued at $11.4 billion (based on centene's stock price of $66.76), $6.08 billion in cash, and $95 million related to the fair value of replacement equity awards associated with pre-combination service. each wellcare share was converted into 3.38 of a validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable shares of centene common stock and $120.00 in cash. in total, 171 million shares of centene common stock were issued to the wellcare stockholders. the cash portion of the acquisition consideration was funded through the issuance of long-term debt in december 2019. we issued approximately $1.0 billion 4.75% senior notes due 2025 (the additional 2025 notes), $2.5 billion 4.25% senior notes due 2027 (the 2027 notes), and $3.5 billion 4.625% senior notes due 2029 (the 2029 notes). the net proceeds of the 2027 notes and the 2029 notes and a portion of the net proceeds of the additional 2025 notes were used to finance the cash consideration.
the wellcare acquisition brings a high-quality medicare platform and further extends our robust medicaid offerings. the combination enables us to provide access to more comprehensive and differentiated solutions across more markets with a continued focus on affordable, high-quality, culturally-sensitive healthcare services.
immediately prior to the closing of the wellcare acquisition, anthem, inc. acquired wellcare's missouri medicaid health plan, a wellcare missouri medicare advantage health plan, and wellcare's nebraska medicaid health plan. cvs health corporation acquired portions of centene's illinois medicaid and medicare advantage health plans as part of previously announced divestiture agreements.
fidelis care acquisition on july 1, 2018, we acquired substantially all of the assets of new york state catholic health plan, inc., d/b/a fidelis care new york (fidelis care) for approximately $3.6 billion of cash consideration, including a working capital adjustment. due to the size of the acquisition, one of the primary drivers of the year-over-year variances discussed throughout this section for the year ended december 31, 2019, is related to the acquisition of fidelis care.
international in spain, in june 2019, we purchased an additional 40% ownership in ribera salud from banco sabadell for $54 million, bringing our total ownership to 90%. in december 2019, our spanish subsidiary, ribera salud, acquired 93% of hospital povisa, s.a., a private hospital in the vigo region of spain.
regulatory trends and uncertainties the united states government, politicians, and healthcare experts continue to discuss and debate various elements of the united states healthcare payment model. from the constitutionality of the affordable care act, to medicare for all (single payer), to pharmacy pricing structures, all areas of healthcare are being challenged to assure adequate healthcare is delivered to all segments of the population.
during this time of deliberation, we remain focused on the promise of delivering access to high quality, affordable healthcare to all of our members and believe we are well positioned to meet the needs of the changing healthcare landscape. we have more than three decades of experience, spanning six presidents from both sides of the aisle, in delivering high-quality healthcare services on behalf of states and the federal government to under-insured and uninsured families, commercial organizations and military families. this expertise has allowed us to deliver cost effective services to our government sponsors and our members. while healthcare experts maintain focus on personalized healthcare technology, we continue to make strategic decisions to accelerate development of new software platforms and analytical capabilities. we continue to believe we have both the capacity and capability to successfully navigate industry changes to the benefit of our members, customers and shareholders.
for additional information regarding regulatory trends and uncertainties, see part i, item 1 "business - regulation" and item 1a, "risk factors."
2019 highlights our financial performance for 2019 is summarized as follows:
   hbr of 87.3% for 2019, compared to 85.9% for 2018.
   sg&amp;a expense ratio of 9.3% for 2019, compared to 10.7% for 2018.
   adjusted sg&amp;a expense ratio of 9.2% for 2019, compared to 10.0% for 2018.
   diluted eps of $3.14 for 2019, compared to $2.26 for 2018.
   adjusted diluted eps of $4.42 for 2019, compared to $3.54 for 2018.
   operating cash flows of $1.5 billion, or 1.1 times net earnings, for 2019.
a reconciliation from gaap diluted eps to adjusted diluted eps is highlighted below, and additional detail is provided above under the heading "non-gaap financial presentation":
amortization of acquired intangible assets        0.47                    0.41
acquisition related expenses                      0.19                    0.81
(1)   other adjustments include the following items:
   2019 - non-cash goodwill and intangible asset impairment of $271 million or $0.57 per diluted share, net of an income tax benefit of $0.08 and debt extinguishment costs of $30 million or $0.05 per diluted share, net of an income tax benefit of $0.02; and
   2018 - the impact of retroactive changes to the california minimum medical loss ratio (mlr) of $30 million of expense or $0.06 per diluted share, net of an income tax benefit of $0.02.
the 2018 results include the following items, which in the aggregate had no net effect on diluted eps:
   during the year ended december 31, 2018, we received 2014-2017 cost reconciliation information related to the california medicaid in-home support services (ihss) program, which ended december 31, 2017. as a result, our 2018 results include an estimated pre-tax benefit of $140 million related to the ihss program reconciliation.
   on september 30, 2018, our contract to provide health care coordination services to the u.s. department of veterans affairs under the patient-centered community care and veterans choice programs expired. in connection with the conclusion of the contract, during the year ended december 31, 2018, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $110 million for negotiated settlements and severance costs. we will continue to provide close out and transition services through 2021.
   during the year ended december 31, 2018, we recorded pre-tax expense of $30 million associated with a contribution commitment to our charitable foundation.
the following items contributed to our revenue and membership growth in 2019:
   arizona. in october 2018, our arizona subsidiary, health net access, began providing physical and behavioral health care services under a new integrated contract through the arizona health care cost containment system complete care program in the central and southern regions.
   arkansas. in february 2018, our arkansas subsidiary, arkansas total care, began managing a medicaid special needs population comprised of people with high behavioral health needs and individuals with developmental/intellectual disabilities. arkansas total care assumed full-risk on this population in march 2019.
   cmg. in march 2018, we completed the acquisition of cmg, an at-risk primary care provider serving medicaid, medicare advantage, and health insurance marketplace patients in florida.
   correctional. in july 2019, centurion began operating under a contract to provide comprehensive healthcare services to inmates housed in arizona's state prison system, and also began operating under a re-awarded contract to continue the provision of mental and dental health services to the georgia department of correction's state prison facilities. in february 2019, centurion began operating under a new contract to provide comprehensive healthcare services to detainees of the metropolitan detention center located in albuquerque, new mexico. in december 2018, centurion began operating under a new contract to provide comprehensive healthcare services to detainees of volusia county detention facilities located near daytona, florida. in july 2018, centurion began operating under a contract to provide healthcare services for correctional facilities in pima county, arizona. in april 2018, we completed the acquisition of mhm, a national provider of healthcare and staffing services to correctional systems and other government agencies. under the terms of the agreement, centene also acquired the remaining 49% ownership of centurion, the correctional healthcare services joint venture between centene and mhm. in addition, during 2018, centurion's contracts for correctional facilities were reprocured in new hampshire and tennessee.
   fidelis care. in july 2018, we completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of fidelis care for $3.6 billion of cash consideration, making fidelis care centene's health plan in new york state.
   florida. in december 2018, our florida subsidiary, sunshine health, began providing physical and behavioral healthcare services through florida's statewide medicaid managed care program under its new five year contract which was implemented for all 11 regions by february 2019.
   health insurance marketplace. in january 2019, we expanded our offerings in the 2019 health insurance marketplace. we entered pennsylvania, north carolina, south carolina, and tennessee, and expanded our footprint in six existing markets: florida, georgia, indiana, kansas, missouri, and texas. in january 2018, we expanded our offerings in the 2018 health insurance marketplace. we entered kansas, missouri and nevada, and expanded our footprint in the following six existing markets: florida, georgia, indiana, ohio, texas, and washington.
   health net federal services. in january 2018, our subsidiary, health net federal services, began operating under the tricare west region contract to provide administrative services to military health system eligible beneficiaries.
   healthsmart. in may 2019, we acquired healthsmart, a third party administrator providing customizable and scalable health plan solutions for self-funded employers, universities and colleges, and native american tribal enterprises. services include plan administration, care management and wellness programs, network, casualty claim, and pharmacy benefit solutions.
   illinois. in january 2018, our illinois subsidiary, illinicare health, began operating under a state-wide contract for the medicaid managed care program. implementation dates varied by region and the contract was fully implemented statewide in april 2018.
   interpreta. in march 2018, we acquired an additional 61% ownership in interpreta, a clinical and genomics data analytics business, bringing our total ownership to 80%.
   iowa. in july 2019, our iowa subsidiary, iowa total care, inc., began operating under a new statewide contract for the ia health link program.
   new mexico. in january 2019, our new mexico subsidiary, western sky community care, began operating under a new statewide contract in new mexico for the centennial care 2.0 program.
   pennsylvania. in january 2018, our pennsylvania subsidiary, pennsylvania health and wellness, began serving enrollees in the community healthchoices program as part of the statewide contract that was fully implemented in january 2020.
   qualchoice. in april 2019, we completed the acquisition of qca health plan, inc. and qualchoice life and health insurance company, inc. the acquisition expands our footprint in arkansas by adding additional members primarily through commercial products.
   spain. in december 2019, our spanish subsidiary, ribera salud, acquired 93% of hospital povisa, s.a., a private hospital in the vigo region of spain. in june 2019, primero salud, acquired additional ownership in ribera salud, increasing our ownership in the spanish healthcare company from 50% to 90%. in december 2018, primero salud acquired 89% of torrejon salud, a public-private partnership in the community of madrid.
   washington. in january 2018, our washington state subsidiary, coordinated care of washington, began providing managed care services to apple health's fully integrated managed care beneficiaries in the north central region. this integration continued into 2019 with the addition of the greater columbia, king and pierce regions going live january 2019, followed by the north sound region in july 2019.
   in addition, we realized the full year benefit in 2019 of acquisitions, investments, and business commenced during 2018.
the growth items listed above were partially offset by the following items:
   beginning january 1, 2019, health net of arizona, inc. began discontinuing and non-renewing all of its employer group plans for small and large business groups in arizona. the effective date of coverage termination for existing groups is dependent on remaining renewals; however, coverage is no longer provided to any group policyholders and/or members as of december 31, 2019.
   in 2018, we were successful in reprocuring our contracts in mississippi, new hampshire and washington. however, the medicaid programs were expanded to include additional insurers, which has reduced our market share.
   effective october 2018, we no longer provide health care coordination services to veterans under the patient-centered community care and veterans choice programs.
   beginning in january 2018, the state of california no longer includes costs for ihss in its medicaid contracts.
we expect the following items to contribute to our revenue or future growth potential:
   we expect to realize the full year benefit in 2020 of acquisitions, investments, and business commenced during 2019, as discussed above.
   in february 2020, we began operating in illinois under the first phase of an expanded contract for the medicaid managed care program. the expanded contract includes children who are in need through the department of children and family services/youth care by the illinois department of healthcare and family services and foster care.
   in january 2020, we completed the wellcare acquisition. the wellcare acquisition brings a high-quality medicare platform and further extends our robust medicaid offerings. the wellcare acquisition is a key part of our growth as we become one of the nation's largest sponsors of government health coverage. the transaction is valued at approximately $19.6 billion, including the assumption of $1.95 billion of outstanding debt.
   in january 2020, we expanded our offerings in the health insurance marketplace in ten existing markets: arizona, florida, georgia, kansas, north carolina, ohio, south carolina, tennessee, texas and washington.
   in january 2020, our louisiana subsidiary, louisiana healthcare connections, began operating under a one-year emergency contract extension in response to protested contract awards. louisiana's state procurement officer overturned the louisiana department of health's plan to award medicaid contracts to four health plans, excluding our louisiana subsidiary. according to the chief procurement officer, the state health department failed to follow state law or its own evaluation and bid guidelines in its award.
   in november 2019, our texas subsidiary, superior healthplan, was awarded by the texas health and human services commission a contract to continue to provide healthcare services to enrollees in the state's star+plus program. the contract is expected to be effective on september 1, 2020, and will allow superior healthplan to offer coverage in two new service areas, for a total of nine service areas.
   in october 2019, our north carolina joint venture, carolina complete health, was awarded an additional service area to provide medicaid managed care services in region 4. with the addition of this new region, carolina complete health will provide medicaid managed care services in three contiguous regions: region 3, 4 and 5. the new three-year contract is expected to commence in the second half of 2020.
   in october 2018, cms published updated medicare star quality ratings for the 2019 rating year. our star ratings returned to a 4.0 star parent rating. the 2019 rating year will positively affect quality bonus payments for medicare advantage plans in 2020.
the future growth items listed above are partially offset by the following items:
   in january 2020, in connection with the wellcare acquisition, we completed the divestiture of certain products in our illinois health plan, including the medicaid and medicare advantage lines of business.
   in october 2019, cms published updated medicare star quality ratings for the 2020 rating year. approximately 46% of our medicare members are in a 4 star or above plan for the 2021 bonus year, compared to approximately 86% for the 2020 bonus year. our quality bonus and rebates may be negatively impacted in 2021.
   in july 2019, our oregon subsidiary, trillium community health plan, was notified by the oregon health authority (oha) of its intent to award trillium community health plan an expanded contract to serve as a coordinated care organization for six counties in the state; however, an additional competitor was added to lane county. as a result, our membership is expected to decrease. pending successful completion of oha's readiness review and additional contract negotiations, the contract is expected to begin july 2020.
membership from december 31, 2018 to december 31, 2019, we increased our managed care membership by 1.1 million, or 8%. the following table sets forth our membership by line of business:
(1) membership includes medicare advantage, medicare supplement, special needs plans, and medicare-medicaid plans (mmp).
the following table sets forth additional membership statistics, which are included in the membership information above:
health insurance marketplace            1,805,200                                                      1,459,100
   membership growth in our health insurance marketplace business;
   international acquisitions; and
results of operations the following discussion and analysis is based on our consolidated statements of operations, which reflect our results of operations for years ended december 31, 2019, and 2018, respectively, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ($ in millions, except per share data in dollars):
2019                                                                                                  2018          % change 2018-2019
medical costs                                                               58,862              46,057                  28           %
amortization of acquired intangible assets                                     258                 211                  22           %
investment and other income                                                    443                 253                  75           %
debt extinguishment costs                                                      (30   )               -                n.m.
earnings from operations, before income tax expense                          1,782               1,368                  30           %
loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                                   12                   6                 100           %
total revenues the following table sets forth supplemental revenue information for the year ended december 31, ($ in millions):
2019                                                                                   2018                         % change
(1) medicare includes medicare advantage, medicare supplement, special needs plans, and mmp.
total revenues increased 24% in the year ended december 31, 2019, over the corresponding period in 2018, primarily due to the acquisition of fidelis care, growth in the health insurance marketplace business, and expansions and new programs in many of our states in 2018 and 2019, particularly arkansas, illinois, iowa, new mexico and pennsylvania. these increases were partially offset by the health insurer fee moratorium in 2019. total revenues also increased due to at-risk, state directed and pass through payments of approximately $825 million from the state of california and pass through payments of approximately $531 million from the state of new york. during the twelve months ended december 31, 2019, we received medicaid premium rate adjustments which yielded a net 2% composite change across all of our markets.
operating expenses medical costs results of operations depend on our ability to manage expenses associated with health benefits and to accurately estimate costs incurred. the hbr represents medical costs as a percentage of premium revenues, excluding premium tax and health insurer fee revenues that are separately billed, and reflects the direct relationship between the premiums received and the medical services provided.
the hbr for the year ended december 31, 2019 was 87.3%, an increase of 140 basis points over the comparable period in 2018. the hbr increase was primarily attributable to the health insurance marketplace business where margins have normalized, as expected, from the favorable performance in 2018 and the health insurer fee moratorium.  also, the 2018 hbr benefited from the recognition of the ihss program reconciliation.
cost of services cost of services increased by $79 million in the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to the corresponding period in 2018. the cost of service increase is primarily attributable to the operations of newly acquired businesses, partially offset by the veterans affairs contract expiration, effective october 2018.
the cost of service ratio for the year ended december 31, 2019 was 84.3%, compared to 85.0% in 2018. the decrease in the cost of service ratio was primarily due to the veterans affairs contract expiration.
selling, general and administrative expenses sg&a increased by $490 million in the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to the corresponding period in 2018. the sg&a increase was primarily attributable to the acquisition of fidelis care, expansions, new programs, and growth in many of our states in 2019, including growth in the health insurance marketplace business, partially offset by a decrease in acquisition related costs.
the sg&a expense ratio was 9.3% for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to 10.7% for the year ended december 31, 2018. the year-over-year decrease was primarily due to $336 million of lower acquisition related expenses. the adjusted sg&a expense ratio was 9.2% for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to 10.0% for the year ended december 31, 2018. both ratios decreased due to the acquisition of fidelis care, which operates at a lower sg&a expense ratio, the veterans affairs contract expiration in 2018, and lower variable compensation costs in 2019.
health insurer fee expense as a result of the health insurer fee moratorium, which suspended the health insurance provider fee for the 2019 calendar year, we did not record hif expense for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $709 million for the year ended december 31, 2018.
goodwill and intangible impairment in 2019, we recorded $271 million, or $0.57 per diluted share, of non-cash goodwill and intangible asset impairment. substantially all of the impairment is associated with our usmm physician home health business and was identified as part of our third quarter review procedures, which included an analysis of new information related to our shared savings demonstration programs, slower than expected penetration of the physician home health business model into our medicaid population, and the related impact to revised forecasts. the business continues to generate positive cash flows and plays an important role in care management; however, it has fallen short of our overall performance expectations.
the following table summarizes the components of other income (expense) for the year ended december 31, ($ in millions):
investment and other income      $443              $253
debt extinguishment costs         (30   )             -
investment and other income. investment and other income increased by $190 million for year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 2018. the increase in investment income in 2019 reflects higher investment balances over 2018, including the proceeds of our $7.0 billion senior note issuance related to the planned financing for the cash consideration for the wellcare acquisition and the impact of higher investment balances as a result of the fidelis care acquisition. the increase also reflects higher interest rates, the ribera salud acquisition gain of $16 million, and improved performance associated with our deferred compensation investment portfolio, which fluctuates with its underlying investments. the earnings from our deferred compensation portfolio were substantially offset by increases in deferred compensation expense, recorded in sg&a expense.
debt extinguishment costs. in october 2019, we redeemed the outstanding principal balance on the $1,400 million 5.625% senior notes due february 15, 2021, plus applicable premium for early redemption and accrued and unpaid interest through the redemption date. we recognized a pre-tax loss on extinguishment of $30 million on the redemption of the $1,400 million 5.625% senior notes, including the call premium, the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs and a loss on the termination of the $600 million interest rate swap agreement associated with the notes.
interest expense. interest expense increased by $69 million in the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to the corresponding period in 2018. the increase is driven by a net increase in borrowings related to the issuance of an additional $7.0 billion in senior notes in december 2019, intended primarily to finance the cash consideration of the wellcare acquisition, and increased borrowings in may 2018 related to the financing of the fidelis care acquisition.
the net impact of the $7.0 billion senior notes issued in preparation of the wellcare acquisition was approximately $13 million.
income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2019, we recorded income tax expense of $473 million on pre-tax earnings of $1.8 billion, or an effective tax rate of 26.5%, which reflects the impact of the health insurer fee moratorium, partially offset by the non-deductibility of a portion of our non-cash goodwill and intangible impairment recorded in the third quarter of 2019. for the year ended december 31, 2018, we recorded income tax expense of $474 million on pre-tax earnings of $1.4 billion, or an effective tax rate of 34.6%, which reflects the impact of the non-deductibility of the health insurer fee.
segment results the following table summarizes our consolidated operating results by segment for the year ended december 31, ($ in millions):
2019                                                    2018          % change
managed care total revenues increased 25% in the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to the corresponding period in 2018, primarily due to the acquisition of fidelis care, growth in the health insurance marketplace business, and expansions and new programs in many of our states in 2018 and 2019, particularly arkansas, illinois, iowa, new mexico and pennsylvania. these increases were partially offset by the health insurer fee moratorium in 2019. total revenues also increased due to at-risk, state directed and pass through payments of approximately $825 million from the state of california and pass through payments of approximately $531 million from the state of new york. earnings from operations increased $496 million between years primarily as a result of the acquisition of fidelis care and lower acquisition related expenses, partially offset by the health insurer fee moratorium in 2019.
specialty services total revenues increased 10% in the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to the corresponding period in 2018, resulting primarily from increased services associated with membership growth in the managed care segment and acquisitions, partially offset by the previously mentioned veterans affairs contract expiration. earnings from operations decreased $173 million between years primarily due to the previously discussed non-cash goodwill and intangible impairment and our transition to transparent pharmacy pricing, partially offset by higher costs recognized in 2018 associated with our veterans affairs contract expiration. the transparent pricing decrease was offset by higher earnings in our managed care segment and reflects our commitment to transparency and more closely aligns the costs of care within each segment.
liquidity and capital resources shown below is a condensed schedule of cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, used in the discussion of liquidity and capital resources ($ in millions).
net cash provided by operating activities                                        $1,483                  $1,234
net cash used in investing activities                                            (1,532     )            (4,585     )
net cash provided by financing activities                                         6,832                   4,612
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                         (2     )                 -
cash flows provided by operating activities normal operations are funded primarily through operating cash flows and borrowings under our credit facility. cash flows from operating activities for 2019 were $1.5 billion, or 1.1 times net earnings, compared to $1.2 billion in 2018. the cash provided by operations in 2019 was primarily due to net earnings and an increase in medical claims liabilities, primarily resulting from growth in the health insurance marketplace business and the commencement or expansion of the arkansas, iowa, new mexico, and pennsylvania health plans. operating cash flows were partially offset by an increase in premium and trade receivables due to the timing of payments from our state customers, as discussed below.
the cash provided by operations in 2018 was primarily due to net earnings and an increase in medical claims liabilities, primarily resulting from growth in the health insurance marketplace business. cash flows were partially offset by an increase in premium and trade receivables of $1.2 billion, due to growth in the business. additionally, cash flows from operations were negatively affected by the repayment of approximately $1.0 billion of medicaid expansion rate overpayments and medicaid expansion minimum mlr rebates in california, which were previously accrued.
cash flows from operations in each year were impacted by the timing of payments we received from our states. states may prepay the following month premium payment, which we record as unearned revenue, or they may delay our premium payment, which we record as a receivable. we typically receive capitation payments monthly; however, the states in which we operate may decide to adjust their payment schedules which could positively or negatively impact our reported cash flows from operating activities in any given period.
cash flows used in investing activities investing activities used cash of $1.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019 and $4.6 billion in 2018. cash flows used in investing activities in 2019 primarily consisted of net additions to the investment portfolio of our regulated subsidiaries (including transfers from cash and cash equivalents to long-term investments) and capital expenditures.
we spent $730 million and $675 million in the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, on capital expenditures for system enhancements and market and corporate headquarters expansions.
as of december 31, 2019, our investment portfolio consisted primarily of fixed-income securities with a weighted average duration of 3.2 years. we had unregulated cash and investments of $7.2 billion at december 31, 2019, reflecting the net proceeds from our $7.0 billion senior note issuance in advance of the closing of the wellcare acquisition, compared to $478 million at december 31, 2018. unregulated cash and investments include private equity investments and company owned life insurance contracts.
cash flows used in investing activities in 2018 primarily consisted of the fidelis care and other acquisitions, the net additions to the investment portfolio of our regulated subsidiaries (including transfers from cash and cash equivalents to long-term investments), and capital expenditures.
cash flows provided by financing activities our financing activities provided cash of $6.8 billion in 2019, compared to providing cash of $4.6 billion in 2018. financing activities in 2019 and 2018 are discussed below.
during 2019, our net financing activities primarily related to the proceeds from the issuance of $7.0 billion of senior notes in december 2019 in preparation of the wellcare acquisition.
during 2018, our net financing activities primarily related to our offering of $2.8 billion in shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, approximately $1.8 billion of 5.375% senior notes at par due 2026, and additional borrowings on our revolving credit facility. proceeds from both offerings were used to fund the fidelis care acquisition which closed on july 1, 2018, to pay related fees and expenses, and for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of outstanding indebtedness.
liquidity metrics our credit agreement, dated as of september 11, 2019, by and among centene, wells fargo bank, national association, as administrative agent, and the lenders from time to time party thereto, provides for (i) a $2.0 billion unsecured multi-currency revolving credit facility (the revolving credit facility) which includes a $300 million sub-limit for letters of credit and a $200 million sub-limit for swingline loans and (ii) a $1.450 billion unsecured delayed-draw term loan facility (the term loan facility, together with the revolving credit facility under the credit agreement, as amended, the company credit facility). borrowings under our revolving credit facility bear interest, at our option, at libor, euribor, cdor, bbr or base rates plus, in each case, an applicable margin based on the total debt to ebitda ratio. borrowings under the term loan facility bear interest, at our option, at libor or base rates plus, in each case, an applicable margin based on the total debt to ebitda ratio. our revolving credit facility will mature on may 7, 2024. the term loan facility will mature on september 11, 2022.
in october 2019, we borrowed $1,450 million under the term loan facility. we also redeemed the outstanding principal balance on the $1,400 million 5.625% senior notes due february 15, 2021, plus applicable premium for early redemption and accrued and unpaid interest through the redemption date. we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $30 million on the redemption of the notes in the fourth quarter of 2019, including the call premium, the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs, and a loss on the termination of the $600 million interest rate swap agreement associated with the note.
in october 2019, our board of directors approved a $500 million increase to our company's stock repurchase program. under the increased stock repurchase program, we will have flexibility to repurchase shares or pay down debt with the proceeds from divestitures related to the wellcare acquisition.
in december 2019, in connection with the planned financing of the wellcare acquisition, we issued approximately $1.0 billion 4.75% senior notes due 2025 (the additional 2025 notes), $2.5 billion 4.25% senior notes due 2027 (the 2027 notes), and $3.5 billion 4.625% senior notes due 2029 (the 2029 notes). the net proceeds of the 2027 notes and the 2029 notes and a portion of the net proceeds of the additional 2025 notes were used to finance the cash consideration.
the credit agreement underlying our revolving credit facility and term loan facility contains non-financial and financial covenants, including requirements of minimum fixed charge coverage ratios and maximum debt-to-ebitda ratios. we are required to not exceed a maximum debt-to-ebitda ratio of 3.5 to 1.0. as of december 31, 2019, we had $93 million in borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility and $1,450 million in borrowings outstanding under our term loan facility and we were in compliance with all covenants. as of december 31, 2019, there were no limitations on the availability under the revolving credit facility as a result of the debt-to-ebitda ratio.
we have a $200 million non-recourse construction loan to fund the expansion of our corporate headquarters. the loan bears interest based on the one month libor plus 2.70% and matures in april 2021 with an optional one-year extension. the agreement contains financial and non-financial covenants aligning with our company credit facility. we have guaranteed completion of the construction project associated with the loan. as of december 31, 2019, we had $140 million of borrowings outstanding under the loan.
we had outstanding letters of credit of $68 million as of december 31, 2019, which were not part of our revolving credit facility. we also had letters of credit for $27 million (valued at the december 31, 2019 conversion rate), or 24 million, representing our proportional share of the letters of credit issued to support ribera salud's outstanding debt, which are a part of the revolving credit facility. collectively, the letters of credit bore weighted interest of 0.9% as of december 31, 2019. in addition, we had outstanding surety bonds of $611 million as of december 31, 2019.
the indentures governing our various maturities of senior notes contain restrictive covenants of centene corporation. as of december 31, 2019, we were in compliance with all covenants.
at december 31, 2019, we had working capital, defined as current assets less current liabilities, of $7,391 million, compared to $27 million at december 31, 2018, reflecting the net proceeds from our $7.0 billion senior note issuance in advance of the closing of the wellcare acquisition. we manage our short-term and long-term investments with the goal of ensuring that a sufficient portion is held in investments that are highly liquid and can be sold to fund short-term requirements as needed.
at december 31, 2019, our debt to capital ratio, defined as total debt divided by the sum of total debt and total equity, was 52.0%, compared to 37.8% at december 31, 2018. excluding $194 million of non-recourse debt, our debt to capital ratio was 51.7% as of december 31, 2019, compared to 37.4% at december 31, 2018. at december 31, 2019, excluding non-recourse debt and the senior notes issued to fund the wellcare acquisition in advance of closing, our debt to capital was 34.3%. we utilize the debt to capital ratio as a measure, among others, of our leverage and financial flexibility.
we have a stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase common stock from time to time on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. based on the closing stock price of $66.76 on december 31, 2019, we have 14.2 million available shares remaining under the program for repurchases as of december 31, 2019. no duration has been placed on the repurchase program. we reserve the right to discontinue the repurchase program at any time. we did not make any repurchases under this plan during 2019 or 2018.
2020 expectations during 2020, we do not expect to make any material net capital contributions to our insurance subsidiaries and expect to spend approximately $775 million in additional capital expenditures primarily associated with system enhancements and market and corporate headquarters expansions. these amounts exclude any contributions or capital expenditures related to our newly acquired wellcare subsidiaries. capital contributions and capital expenditures are expected to be funded by unregulated cash flow generation and borrowings on our revolving credit facility and construction loan. however, from time to time we may elect to raise additional funds for these and other purposes, either through issuance of debt or equity, the sale of investment securities or otherwise, as appropriate. in addition, we may strategically pursue refinancing opportunities to extend maturities and/or improve terms of our indebtedness if we believe such opportunities are favorable to us.
in february 2020, we issued $2,000 million 3.375% senior notes due 2030 (the 2030 notes). we intend to use the net proceeds from the 2030 notes, together with available cash on hand, to redeem our outstanding $1,000 million 4.75% senior notes due 2022 and outstanding $1,000 million 6.125% senior notes due 2024, including all premiums, accrued interest and costs and expenses related to the redemption. in connection with this refinancing, we terminated the remaining $2,100 million interest rate swap agreements.
on january 23, 2020, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of wellcare health plans, inc. (wellcare, and such acquisition, the wellcare acquisition). total consideration for the acquisition was $17.6 billion, consisting of centene common shares valued at $11.4 billion (based on centene's stock price of $66.76), $6.1 billion in cash, and $95 million related to the fair value adjustment to stock based compensation associated with pre-combination service. each wellcare share was converted into 3.38 of a validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable shares of centene common stock and $120.00 in cash. in total, 171,225 thousand shares of centene common stock were issued to the wellcare stockholders. the cash portion of the acquisition consideration was funded through the issuance of long-term debt in december 2019. we issued approximately $1.0 billion 4.75% senior notes due 2025 (the additional 2025 notes), $2.5 billion 4.25% senior notes due 2027 (the 2027 notes), and $3.5 billion 4.625% senior notes due 2029 (the 2029 notes). the net proceeds of the 2027 notes and the 2029 notes and a portion of the net proceeds of the additional 2025 notes were used to finance the cash consideration.
in connection with the wellcare acquisition, in january 2020, we completed an exchange offer for 5.25% senior notes due 2025 and 5.375% senior notes due 2026 (collectively, the wellcare notes) issued by wellcare and issued $1,146 million aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due 2025 and $747 million aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due 2026.
based on our operating plan, we expect that our available cash, cash equivalents and investments, cash from our operations and cash available under our company credit facility will be sufficient to finance our general operations and capital expenditures for at least 12 months from the date of this filing.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes future contractual obligations. these obligations contain estimates and are subject to revision under a number of circumstances. our debt consists of borrowings from our senior notes, revolving credit facility, term loan facility, mortgages and capital leases. the purchase obligations consist primarily of software purchases and maintenance contracts. the contractual obligations and estimated period of payment over the next five years and beyond are as follows ($ in millions):
payments due by period total             less than1 year             1-3years             3-5years       more than5 years medical claims liability             $7,473                  $7,473                      $-                   $-            $-
other long-term liabilities (1)           -                       -                       -                    -            -
(1) our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2019, includes $1,732 million of other long-term liabilities. this consists primarily of long-term deferred income taxes, liabilities under our deferred compensation plan, liabilities related to certain undertakings, reserves for uncertain tax positions and retirement benefit obligations. these liabilities have been excluded from the table above as the timing and/or amount of any cash payment is uncertain.
commitments as part of the regulatory approval process in connection with the fidelis care acquisition, we entered into certain undertakings with the new york state department of health. these undertakings contain various commitments by us that were effective upon completion of the fidelis care acquisition. one of the undertakings includes a $340 million contribution by us to the state of new york to be paid over a five-year period for initiatives consistent with our mission of providing high quality healthcare to vulnerable populations within new york state. the present value of the contribution to the state of new york, approximately $328 million, was expensed during 2018, and $136 million has been paid through 2019.
in addition, in connection with obtaining regulatory approval of the health net acquisition from the california department of insurance and the california department of managed health care, in 2016 we committed to certain undertakings (the california undertakings). the california undertakings included, among other items, operational commitments around premiums, dividend restrictions, minimum risk based capital (rbc) levels, local offices, growth, accreditation, hedis scores and other quality measures, network adequacy, certifications, investments and capital expenditures. specifically, we agreed to, among other things:
   invest an additional $30 million through the california organized investment network over the five years following completion of the acquisition; of which we have invested $13 million through 2019;
   build a service center in an economically distressed community in california, investing $200 million over 10 years and employing at least 300 people, of which we have incurred $24 million through 2019;
   contribute $65 million to improve enrollee health outcomes ($10 million over five years), support locally-based consumer assistance programs ($5 million over five years) and strengthen the healthcare delivery system ($50 million over five years), of which we have contributed $20 million through 2019, and;
   invest $75 million of its investment portfolio in vehicles supporting california's healthcare infrastructure, of which we have invested $27 million through 2019.
the california undertakings require significant investments by us, may restrict or impose additional material costs on our future obligations and strategic initiatives in certain geographies, and subject us to various enforcement mechanisms.
regulatory capital and dividend restrictions our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. as managed care organizations, most of our subsidiaries are subject to state regulations and other requirements that, among other things, require the maintenance of minimum levels of statutory capital, as defined by each state, and restrict the timing, payment and amount of dividends and other distributions that may be paid to us. generally, the amount of dividend distributions that may be paid by a regulated subsidiary without prior approval by state regulatory authorities is limited based on the entity's level of statutory net income and statutory capital and surplus.
our regulated subsidiaries are required to maintain minimum capital requirements prescribed by various regulatory authorities in each of the states in which we operate. as of december 31, 2019, our subsidiaries had aggregate statutory capital and surplus of $8,725 million, compared with the required minimum aggregate statutory capital and surplus requirements of $3,407 million. during the year ended december 31, 2019, we received $18 million of net dividends from our regulated subsidiaries. for our subsidiaries that file with the national association of insurance commissioners (naic), we estimate our rbc percentage to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level.
under the california knox-keene health care service plan act of 1975, as amended ("knox-keene"), certain of our california subsidiaries must comply with tangible net equity (tne) requirements. under these knox-keene tne requirements, actual net worth less unsecured receivables and intangible assets must be more than the greater of (i) a fixed minimum amount, (ii) a minimum amount based on premiums or (iii) a minimum amount based on healthcare expenditures, excluding capitated amounts. in addition, certain of our california subsidiaries have made certain undertakings to the dmhc to restrict dividends and loans to affiliates, to the extent that the payment of such would reduce such entities' tne below the required amount as specified in the undertaking.
under the new york state department of health codes, rules and regulations title 10, part 98, our new york subsidiary must comply with contingent reserve requirements.  under these requirements, net worth based upon admitted assets must equal or exceed a minimum amount based on annual net premium income.
the naic has adopted rules which set minimum risk-based capital requirements for insurance companies, managed care organizations and other entities bearing risk for healthcare coverage. as of december 31, 2019, each of our health plans was in compliance with the risk-based capital requirements enacted in those states.
as a result of the above requirements and other regulatory requirements, certain of our subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on their ability to make dividend payments, loans or other transfers of cash to their parent companies. such restrictions, unless amended or waived or unless regulatory approval is granted, limit the use of any cash generated by these subsidiaries to pay our obligations. the maximum amount of dividends that can be paid by our insurance company subsidiaries without prior approval of the applicable state insurance departments is subject to restrictions relating to statutory surplus, statutory income and unassigned surplus. as of december 31, 2019, the amount of capital and surplus or net worth that was unavailable for the payment of dividends or return of capital to us was $3,407 million in the aggregate.
recent accounting pronouncements for this information, refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, included herein.
critical accounting policies and estimates our discussion and analysis of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources are based on our consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 2. summary of significant accounting policies, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. our accounting policies regarding intangible assets, medical claims liability and revenue recognition are particularly important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and require the application of significant judgment by our management. as a result, they are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. we have reviewed these critical accounting policies and related disclosures with the audit committee of our board of directors.
goodwill and intangible assets we have made several acquisitions that have resulted in our recording of intangible assets. these intangible assets primarily consist of customer relationships, purchased contract rights, provider contracts, trade names and goodwill. key assumptions used in the valuation of these intangible assets include, but are not limited to, member attrition rates, contract renewal probabilities, revenue growth rates, expectations of profitability, and discount and royalty rates. we allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values at the acquisition date. the excess of the fair value of consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. goodwill is generally attributable to the value of the synergies between the combined companies and the value of the acquired assembled workforce, neither of which qualifies for recognition as an intangible asset. at december 31, 2019, we had $6,863 million of goodwill and $2,063 million of other intangible assets.
intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over the following periods:
intangible asset            amortization period purchased contract rights          5 - 21 years provider contracts                 4 - 15 years customer relationships             3 - 15 years trade names                        7 - 20 years developed technologies              2 - 7 years other intangibles                   2 - 5 years our management evaluates whether events or circumstances have occurred that may affect the estimated useful life or the recoverability of the remaining balance of goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets. if the events or circumstances indicate that the remaining balance of the intangible asset or goodwill may be impaired, the potential impairment will be measured based upon the difference between the carrying amount of the intangible asset or goodwill and the fair value of such asset. our management must make assumptions and estimates, such as the discount factor, future utility and other internal and external factors, in determining the estimated fair values. while we believe these assumptions and estimates are appropriate, other assumptions and estimates could be applied and might produce significantly different results.
goodwill is reviewed annually during the fourth quarter for impairment. in addition, an impairment analysis of intangible assets would be performed based on other factors. these factors include significant changes in membership, financial performance, state funding, medical contracts and provider networks and contracts.
in january 2017, the financial accounting standards board issued an accounting standards update (asu) simplifying the test for goodwill impairment. during the third quarter of 2019, we adopted the new guidance. the amendments in the asu eliminated step 2 from the quantitative goodwill impairment test while still allowing management to first perform the qualitative assessment to determine if a quantitative assessment is necessary. if the quantitative assessment is required, the impairment test under the new asu is performed by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount and recognizing an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. the impairment charge under the new asu is limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. we first assess qualitative factors to determine if a quantitative impairment test is necessary. we generally do not calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless we determine, based on a qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. however, in certain circumstances, such as recent acquisitions, we may elect to perform a quantitative assessment without first assessing qualitative factors. during the third quarter of 2019, we recorded $271 million of non-cash goodwill ($259 million) and intangible asset ($12 million) impairment, substantially all associated with our u.s. medical management (usmm) physician home health business in the specialty services segment. the impairment was identified as part of our quarterly review procedures, which included an analysis of new information related to its shared savings demonstration programs, slower than expected penetration of the physician home health business model into its medicaid population, and the related impact to revised forecasts. we utilized the income approach in the analysis, which derives the fair value of the intangible assets and goodwill based on the present value of discounted expected cash flows.
medical claims liability our medical claims liability includes claims reported but not yet paid, or inventory, estimates for claims incurred but not reported, or ibnr, and estimates for the costs necessary to process unpaid claims at the end of each period. we estimate our medical claims liability using actuarial methods that are commonly used by health insurance actuaries and meet actuarial standards of practice. these actuarial methods consider factors such as historical data for payment patterns, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, utilization of healthcare services and other relevant factors.
actuarial standards of practice generally require that the medical claims liability estimates be adequate to cover obligations under moderately adverse conditions. moderately adverse conditions are situations in which the actual claims are expected to be higher than the otherwise estimated value of such claims at the time of estimate. the claims amounts ultimately settled will most likely be different than the estimate that satisfies the actuarial standards of practice. we include in our ibnr an estimate for medical claims liability under moderately adverse conditions which represents the risk of adverse deviation of the estimates in our actuarial method of reserving.
we use our judgment to determine the assumptions to be used in the calculation of the required estimates. the assumptions we consider when estimating ibnr include, without limitation, claims receipt and payment experience (and variations in that experience), changes in membership, provider billing practices, healthcare service utilization trends, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, prior authorization of medical services, benefit changes, known outbreaks of disease or increased incidence of illness such as influenza, provider contract changes, changes to fee schedules, and the incidence of high dollar or catastrophic claims.
we apply various estimation methods depending on the claim type and the period for which claims are being estimated. for more recent periods, incurred non-inpatient claims are estimated based on historical per member per month claims experience adjusted for known factors. incurred hospital inpatient claims are estimated based on known inpatient utilization data and prior claims experience adjusted for known factors. for older periods, we utilize an estimated completion factor based on our historical experience to develop ibnr estimates. the completion factor is an actuarial estimate of the percentage of claims that have been received or adjudicated as of the end of a reporting period relative to the estimate of the total ultimate incurred costs for that same period. when we commence operations in a new state or region, we have limited information with which to estimate our medical claims liability. see "risk factors - failure to accurately estimate and price our medical expenses or effectively manage our medical costs or related administrative costs could negatively affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows." these approaches are consistently applied to each period presented.
additionally, we contract with independent actuaries to review our estimates on a quarterly basis. the independent actuaries provide us with a review letter that includes the results of their analysis of our medical claims liability. we do not solely rely on their report to adjust our claims liability. we utilize their calculation of our claims liability only as additional information, together with management's judgment, to determine the assumptions to be used in the calculation of our liability for claims.
our development of the medical claims liability estimate is a continuous process which we monitor and refine on a monthly basis as additional claims receipts and payment information becomes available. as more complete claims information becomes available, we adjust the amount of the estimates, and include the changes in estimates in medical costs in the period in which the changes are identified. in every reporting period, our operating results include the effects of more completely developed medical claims liability estimates associated with previously reported periods. we consistently apply our reserving methodology from period to period. as additional information becomes known to us, we adjust our actuarial models accordingly to establish medical claims liability estimates.
the paid and received completion factors, claims per member per month and per diem cost trend factors are the most significant factors affecting the ibnr estimate. the following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors and the estimated potential impact on our operating results caused by changes in these factors based on december 31, 2019 data:
completion factors: (1)                                                                            cost trend factors: (2)
(decrease)increasein factors                                            increase                   (decrease)increasein factors                                            increase
(decrease) in                                                                                      (decrease) in medical claims                                                                                     medical claims liabilities                                                                                        liabilities
(1) reflects estimated potential changes in medical claims liability caused by changes in completion factors.
(2) reflects estimated potential changes in medical claims liability caused by changes in cost trend factors for the most recent periods.
while we believe our estimates are appropriate, it is possible future events could require us to make significant adjustments for revisions to these estimates. for example, a 1% increase or decrease in our estimated medical claims liability would have affected net earnings by $55 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, excluding the effect of any return of premium, risk corridor, or minimum mlr programs. the estimates are based on our historical experience, terms of existing contracts, our observance of trends in the industry, information provided by our providers and information available from other outside sources.
the change in medical claims liability is summarized as follows (in millions):
acquisitions                                                          59                                                               1,204                                                                   -
(1) days in claims payable is a calculation of medical claims liability at the end of the period divided by average expense per calendar day for the fourth quarter of each year.
medical claims are usually paid within a few months of the member receiving service from the physician or other healthcare provider. as a result, the liability generally is described as having a "short-tail," which causes less than 5% of our medical claims liability as of the end of any given year to be outstanding the following year. we believe that substantially all the development of the estimate of medical claims liability as of december 31, 2019 will be known by the end of 2020.
changes in estimates of incurred claims for prior years are primarily attributable to reserving under moderately adverse conditions. additionally, as a result of minimum hbr and other return of premium programs, approximately $49 million, $25 million and $1 million of the "incurred related to: prior years" was recorded as a reduction to premium revenues in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. further, claims processing initiatives yielded increased claim payment recoveries and coordination of benefits related to prior year dates of service. changes in medical utilization and cost trends and the effect of population health management initiatives may also contribute to changes in medical claim liability estimates. while we have evidence that population health management initiatives are effective on a case by case basis, these initiatives primarily focus on events and behaviors prior to the incurrence of the medical event and generation of a claim. accordingly, any change in behavior, leveling of care, or coordination of treatment occurs prior to claim generation and as a result, the costs prior to the population health management initiative are not known by us. additionally, certain population health management initiatives are focused on member and provider education with the intent of influencing behavior to appropriately align the medical services provided with the member's acuity. in these cases, determining whether the population health management initiative changed the behavior cannot be determined. because of the complexity of our business, the number of states in which we operate, and the volume of claims that we process, we are unable to practically quantify the impact of these initiatives on our changes in estimates of ibnr.
the following are examples of population health management initiatives that may have contributed to the favorable development through lower medical utilization and cost trends:
   appropriate leveling of care for neonatal intensive care unit hospital admissions, other inpatient hospital admissions, and observation admissions, in accordance with interqual or other criteria.
   management of our pre-authorization list and more stringent review of durable medical equipment and injectibles.
   emergency department program designed to collaboratively work with hospitals to steer non-emergency care away from the costly emergency department setting (through patient education, on-site alternative urgent care settings, etc.).
   increased emphasis on case management and clinical rounding where case managers are nurses or social workers who are employed by the health plan to assist selected patients with the coordination of healthcare services in order to meet a patient's specific healthcare needs.
   incorporation of disease management which is a comprehensive, multidisciplinary, collaborative approach to chronic illnesses such as asthma.
   prenatal and infant health programs utilized in our start smart for your baby outreach service.
revenue recognition our health plans generate revenues primarily from premiums received from the states in which we operate health plans, premiums received from our members and cms for our medicare product, and premiums from members of our commercial health plans. in addition to member premium payments, our marketplace contracts also generate revenues from subsidies received from cms. we generally receive a fixed premium per member per month pursuant to our contracts and recognize premium revenues during the period in which we are obligated to provide services to our members at the amount reasonably estimable. in some instances, our base premiums are subject to an adjustment, or risk score, based on the acuity of its membership. generally, the risk score is determined by the state or cms analyzing submissions of processed claims data to determine the acuity of our membership relative to the entire state's membership. we estimate the amount of risk adjustment based upon the processed claims data submitted and expected to be submitted to cms and record revenues on a risk adjusted basis. some contracts allow for additional premiums related to certain supplemental services provided such as maternity deliveries.
our contracts with states may require us to maintain a minimum hbr or may require us to share profits in excess of certain levels. in certain circumstances, including commercial plans, our plans may be required to return premium to the state or policyholders in the event profits exceed established levels. we estimate the effect of these programs and recognize reductions in revenue in the current period. other states may require us to meet certain performance and quality metrics in order to receive additional or full contractual revenue. for performance-based contracts, we do not recognize revenue subject to refund until data is sufficient to measure performance.
revenues are recorded based on membership and eligibility data provided by the states or cms, which is adjusted on a monthly basis by the states or cms for retroactive additions or deletions to membership data. these eligibility adjustments are estimated monthly and subsequent adjustments are made in the period known. we continuously review and update those estimates as new information becomes available. it is possible that new information could require us to make additional adjustments, which could be significant, to these estimates.
our medicare advantage contracts are with cms. cms deploys a risk adjustment model which apportions premiums paid to all health plans according to health severity and certain demographic factors. the cms risk adjustment model pays more for members whose medical history would indicate that they are expected to have higher medical costs. under this risk adjustment methodology, cms calculates the risk adjusted premium payment using diagnosis data from hospital inpatient, hospital outpatient, physician treatment settings as well as prescription drug events. we and the healthcare providers collect, compile and submit the necessary and available diagnosis data to cms within prescribed deadlines. we estimate risk adjustment revenues based upon the diagnosis data submitted and expected to be submitted to cms and record revenues on a risk adjusted basis.
our specialty services generate revenues under contracts with state and federal programs, healthcare organizations and other commercial organizations, as well as from our own subsidiaries. revenues are recognized when the related services are provided or as ratably earned over the covered period of services.  for performance-based measures in our contracts, revenue is recognized as data sufficient to measure performance is available. we recognize revenue related to administrative services under the tricare government-sponsored managed care support contract for the dod's tricare program on a straight-line basis over the option period, when the fees become fixed and determinable. the tricare contract includes various performance-based measures. for each of the measures, an estimate of the amount that has been earned is made at each interim date, and revenue is recognized accordingly.
some states enact premium taxes, similar assessments and provider pass-through payments, collectively premium taxes, and these taxes are recorded as a separate component of both revenues and operating expenses. additionally, our insurance subsidiaries are subject to the affordable care act annual hif. the aca imposed the hif in 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2018 and is imposing the hif in 2020. the hif was suspended in 2017 and 2019. if we are able to negotiate reimbursement of portions of these premium taxes or the hif, we recognize revenue associated with the hif on a straight-line basis when we have binding agreements for such reimbursements, including the "gross-up" to reflect the hifs non-tax deductible nature. collectively, this revenue is recorded as premium tax and health insurer fee revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. for certain products, premium taxes, state assessments and the hif are not pass-through payments and are recorded as premium revenue and premium tax expense or health insurer fee expense in the consolidated statements of operations.
some states require state directed payments that have minimal risk, but are administered as a premium adjustment.  these payments are recorded as premium revenue and medical costs at close to a 100% hbr. we have little visibility to the timing of these payments until they are paid by the state.