risk factors
information about our executive officers
market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities
selected financial data ......................................................................................................
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk
financial statements and supplementary data
changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure
controls and procedures
other information
directors, executive officers and corporate governance
security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters
certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence....................
exhibits, financial statement schedules
$ or usd u.s. dollar aro asset retirement obligation cad canadian dollar asc accounting standards codification gbp british pound asu accounting standards update dd&a depreciation, depletion and units of measurement amortization bbl barrel fasb financial accounting standards bcf billion cubic feet board boe barrels of oil equivalent fifo first-in, first-out mbd thousands of barrels per day g&a general and administrative mcf thousand cubic feet gaap generally accepted accounting mmboe million barrels of oil equivalent principles mboed thousands of barrels of oil lifo last-in, first-out equivalent per day npns normal purchase normal sale mmbtu million british thermal units pp&e properties, plants and equipment mmcfd million cubic feet per day sab staff accounting bulletin vie variable interest entity industry cbm coalbed methane miscellaneous e&p exploration and production epa environmental protection agency feed front-end engineering and design eu european union fps floating production system ferc federal energy regulatory fpso floating production, storage and commission offloading ghg greenhouse gas joa joint operating agreement hse health, safety and environment lng liquefied natural gas icc international chamber of ngls natural gas liquids commerce opec organization of petroleum icsid world bank's international exporting countries centre for settlement of psc production sharing contract investment disputes puds proved undeveloped reserves irs internal revenue service sagd steam-assisted gravity drainage otc over-the-counter wcs western canada select nyse new york stock exchange wti west texas intermediate sec u.s. securities and exchange commission tsr total shareholder return u.k.
united kingdom u.s.
united states of america
unless otherwise indicated, "the company," "we," "our," "us" and "conocophillips" are used in this report to refer to the businesses of conocophillips and its consolidated subsidiaries.
items 1 and 2-business and properties, contain forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements relating to our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions that are made pursuant to the "safe harbor"
provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995.
"expect," "objective," "projection," "forecast," "goal,"
"guidance," "outlook," "effort," "target" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.
the company does not undertake to update, revise or correct any forward-looking information unless required to do so under the federal securities laws.
readers are cautioned that such forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with the company's disclosures under the headings "risk factors" beginning on page
21 and "cautionary statement for the purposes of the 'safe harbor' provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995," beginning on page
items 1 and 2.
business and properties corporate structure conocophillips is an independent e&p company with operations and activities in 17 countries.
our diverse, low cost of supply portfolio includes resource-rich unconventional plays in north america;
conventional assets in north america, europe, asia and australia;
lng developments; oil sands assets in canada;
10,400 people worldwide and had total assets of
conocophillips was incorporated in the state of delaware on november 16, 2001, in connection with, and in anticipation of, the merger between conoco inc. and phillips petroleum company.
segment and geographic information for operating segment and geographic information, see note 25-segment disclosures and related information, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated herein by reference.
we explore for, produce, transport and market crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls on a worldwide basis.
the information listed below appears in the "oil and gas operations" disclosures following the notes to consolidated financial statements and is incorporated herein by reference:
proved worldwide crude oil, ngls, natural gas and bitumen reserves.
net production of crude oil, ngls, natural gas and bitumen.
average sales prices of crude oil, ngls, natural gas and bitumen.
average production costs per boe.
the following table is a summary of the proved reserves information included in the "oil and gas operations"
disclosures following the notes to consolidated financial statements.
approximately 80 percent of our proved reserves are located in politically stable countries that belong to the organization for economic cooperation and development.
see management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for a discussion of factors that will enhance the understanding of the following summary reserves table.
equity affiliates
equity affiliates
equity affiliates
bitumen consolidated operations
total bitumen
total equity affiliates
total production of 1,348 mboed increased 5 percent in 2019 compared with 2018.
the increase in total average production primarily resulted from new wells online in the lower 48; an increased interest in the western north slope (wns) and greater kuparuk area (gka) of alaska following acquisitions closed in
2018; and higher production in norway due to drilling activity and the startup of aasta hansteen in december
the increase in production was partly offset by normal field decline and disposition impacts, primarily from the u.k. asset sale in 2019 and non-core asset sales in the lower 48 during 2018.
2019 compared with 1,242 mboed in 2018, an increase of
underlying production, which excludes libya and the net volume impact from closed dispositions and acquisitions of 51 mboed in 2019 and 47 mboed in 2018, is used to measure our ability to grow production organically.
our worldwide annual average realized price was $48.78 per boe in 2019, a decrease of 9 percent compared with $53.88 per boe in 2018, reflecting weaker marker prices as a result of macroeconomic demand concerns.
additionally, our worldwide annual average ngl prices decreased 34 percent, from
average annual bitumen prices increased 42 percent, from $22.29 per barrel in 2018
alaska the alaska segment primarily explores for, produces, transports and markets crude oil, natural gas and ngls.
additionally, we are one of alaska's largest owners of state, federal and fee exploration leases, with approximately 1.32 million net undeveloped acres at year-end 2019.
greater prudhoe area the greater prudhoe area includes the prudhoe bay field and five satellite fields, as well as the greater point mcintyre area fields.
prudhoe bay, the largest oil field on alaska's north slope, is the site of a large waterflood and enhanced oil recovery operation, as well as a gas plant which processes natural gas to recover ngls before reinjection into the reservoir.
prudhoe bay's satellites are aurora, borealis, polaris, midnight sun and orion, while the point mcintyre, niakuk, raven, lisburne and north prudhoe bay state fields are part of the greater point mcintyre area.
greater kuparuk area we operate the greater kuparuk area, which consists of the kuparuk field and four satellite fields: tarn, tabasco, meltwater and west sak.
field installations include three central production facilities which separate oil, natural gas and water, as well as a separate seawater treatment plant.
development drilling at kuparuk consists of rotary-drilled wells and horizontal multi-laterals from existing well bores utilizing coiled-tubing drilling.
western north slope on the western north slope, we operate the colville river unit, which includes the alpine field and three satellite fields: nanuq, fiord and qannik.
in 2015, first oil was achieved at alpine west cd5, a drill site which extends the alpine reservoir west into the national petroleum reserve-alaska (npr-a).
in 2019, we continued drilling additional wells using the available well slots on this pad.
the greater mooses tooth unit, the first unit established entirely within the npr-a, was formed in 2008.
2017, we began construction in the unit with two drill sites; greater mooses tooth #1 (gmt-1) and greater mooses tooth #2 (gmt-2).
alaska north slope gas in 2016, we, along with affiliates of exxon mobil corporation, bp p.l.c. and alaska gasline development corporation (agdc), a state-owned corporation, completed preliminary feed technical work for a potential lng project which would liquefy and export natural gas from alaska's north slope and deliver it to market.
in 2016, we, along with the affiliates of exxonmobil and bp, indicated our intention not to progress into the next phase of the project due to changes in the economic environment.
agdc decided to continue on its own.
in 2019, affiliates of exxonmobil and bp agreed to each contribute up to $5 million or approximately one third of agdc's anticipated costs for full-year 2020.
in 2020, agdc will be focused on permitting efforts, the most important of which is the national environmental protection act process before the ferc.
ferc's final milestones are the publication of notice of availability of final environmental impact statement, which is scheduled for march 6, 2020, and the issuance of final order, which is scheduled for june
agdc has recently contracted with fluor corporation to evaluate cost reduction opportunities in preparation for soliciting partners for the project.
we continue to be willing to sell our north slope gas to the project but do not plan to take an equity position.
with five appraisal wells.
in late 2018, we commenced appraisal of the putu discovery with a long reach well from existing alpine cd4
infrastructure.
a supporting injector well was drilled in late 2019 for a 2020 injectivity test.
the cairn 2s-315 well was drilled in late 2018 from the 2s drill site on state leases in the kuparuk river unit.
a long-term flow test was commenced in 2019 and evaluations are ongoing.
we are currently evaluating this seismic data for future exploration opportunities.
we were successful in the federal lease sale on the north slope in the fourth quarter of 2019, where we were the high bidder on three tracts for a total of approximately 33,000 net acres.
acquisitions in the third quarter of 2019, we completed the nuna discovery acreage acquisition, expanding the kuparuk river unit by 21,000 acres and leveraging legacy infrastructure.
organized into the gulf coast and great plains business units, we hold 10.4
million net onshore and offshore acres, with a portfolio of conventional production from legacy assets as well as newer production from our low cost of supply, shorter cycle time, resource-rich unconventional plays.
interest operator liquids mbd natural gas mmcfd total mboed average daily net production eagle ford various
*classified as held-for-sale as of december 31, 2019.
see 'dispositions' below for additional information.
48, the majority of which is either held by production or owned by the company.
234,000 net acres in central louisiana, where we recently announced our intention to discontinue exploration activities.
201,000 net acres in the eagle ford, located in south texas.
363,000 net acres in other areas with unconventional potential.
the majority of our 2019 onshore production originated from the big 3-eagle ford, bakken and permian unconventional.
onshore activities in 2019 were centered mostly on continued development of assets, with an emphasis on areas with low cost of supply, particularly in growing unconventional plays.
our major focus areas in 2019 included the following:
eagle ford-the eagle ford continued full-field development in 2019.
production increased 16 percent in 2019 compared with 2018, averaging 216 mboed and 186
bakken-we operated an average of three rigs during the year in the bakken and participated in additional development activities operated by co-venturers.
we continued our pad drilling with 62
compared with 2018, averaging 97 mboed and 84 mboed, respectively.
permian basin-the permian basin is a combination of legacy conventional and unconventional assets.
mboed in 2019, increasing 30 percent compared with 2018, including 56 mboed of unconventional production.
gulf of mexico at year-end 2019, our portfolio of producing properties in the gulf of mexico totaled approximately 60,000
a majority of the production consists of three fields operated by co-venturers:
15.9 percent nonoperated working interest in the unitized ursa field located in the mississippi canyon area.
15.9 percent nonoperated working interest in the princess field, a northern subsalt extension of the ursa field.
12.4 percent nonoperated working interest in the unitized k2 field, comprised of seven blocks in the green canyon area.
dispositions we have terminal and pipeline use agreements with golden pass lng terminal and affiliated golden pass pipeline near sabine pass, texas, intended to provide us with terminal and pipeline capacity for the receipt, storage and regasification of lng purchased from qatar liquefied gas company limited (3) (qg3).
in the fourth quarter of 2019, we entered into an agreement to sell our interests in the niobrara, with an anticipated closing date in the first quarter of 2020.
in january 2020, we entered into an agreement to sell our interests in certain non-core properties for $186
the assets met the held for sale criteria in january
2020 and the transaction is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2020.
this disposition will not have a significant impact on lower 48 production.
for additional information on these transactions, see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
exploration our exploration focus is on onshore unconventional plays, which in 2019 included the delaware in the permian basin, and the eagle ford in south texas.
in the third quarter of 2019, we announced our decision to discontinue exploration activities in the central louisiana austin chalk.
facilities
mmcfd capacity natural gas processing facility in lysite, wyoming.
the plant is currently operating at less than capacity due to a fire in december 2018.
restoration efforts are ongoing and anticipated to be completed in the second half of 2020.
helena condensate processing facility-we operate and own the helena condensate processing facility, a 110 mbd condensate processing plant located in kenedy, texas.
sugarloaf condensate processing facility-we operate and own an 87.5 percent interest in the sugarloaf condensate processing facility, a 30 mbd condensate processing plant located near pawnee, texas.
bordovsky condensate processing facility-we operate and own the bordovsky condensate processing facility, a 15 mbd condensate processing plant located in kenedy, texas.
canada our canadian operations mainly consist of the surmont oil sands development in alberta and the liquids-rich montney unconventional play in british columbia.
natural liquids gas bitumen total interest operator mbd mmcfd mbd mboed average daily net production surmont
surmont our bitumen resources in canada are produced via an enhanced thermal oil recovery method called sagd, whereby steam is injected into the reservoir, effectively liquefying the heavy bitumen, which is recovered and pumped to the surface for further processing.
35 miles south of fort mcmurray, alberta.
surmont is a 50/50 joint venture with total s.a.
we are focused on structurally lowering costs, reducing ghg intensity and optimizing asset performance.
montney we hold approximately 151,000 net acres in the emerging unconventional montney play in northeast british columbia.
our montney activity in 2019 included drilling
16 horizontal wells, completing 14 horizontal wells and acquiring approximately 6,000 additional net acres.
production from our 2019 drilling program commenced in february 2020 following the completion of third-party offtake facilities.
appraisal drilling and completions activity will continue in 2020 to further explore the area's resource potential.
exploration our primary exploration focus is assessing our montney onshore unconventional acreage in western canada.
additionally, we have exploration acreage in the mackenzie delta/beaufort sea region and the arctic islands.
europe and north africa the europe and north africa segment consisted of operations in norway, libya and the u.k. and exploration activities in norway and libya.
the ekofisk and eldfisk fields consist of several production platforms and facilities, including the ekofisk south and eldfisk ii developments.
continued development drilling in the greater ekofisk area is expected to contribute additional production over the coming years, as additional wells come online.
produced crude oil is stored in a floating storage unit and exported via shuttle tankers.
part of the natural gas is currently injected into the reservoir for optimization of crude oil production, some gas is transported for use as feedstock in a methanol plant in norway, in which we own an 18 percent interest, and the remainder is transported to europe via gas processing terminals in norway.
the alvheim field is located in the northern part of the north sea near the border with the u.k. sector, and consists of a fpso vessel and subsea installations.
visund is an oil and gas field located in the north sea and consists of a floating drilling, production and processing unit, and subsea installations.
crude oil is transported by pipeline to a nearby third-party field for storage and export via tankers.
the natural gas is transported to a gas processing plant at kollsnes, norway, through the gassled transportation system.
produced condensate is loaded onto shuttle tankers and transported to market.
gas is transported through the polarled gas pipeline to the onshore nyhamna processing plant for final processing prior to export to market.
the troll field lies in the northern part of the north sea and consists of the troll a, b and c platforms.
crude oil from floating platforms troll b and troll c is transported to mongstad, norway, for storage and export.
the busta well encountered hydrocarbons and will be evaluated for future appraisal consideration.
the well encountered hydrocarbons and will be further evaluated to determine commerciality.
in 2019, we were awarded two new exploration licenses; pl1001 and pl1009; and one acreage addition, pl782sd.
transportation we own a 35.1 percent interest in the norpipe oil pipeline system, a 220-mile pipeline which carries crude oil from ekofisk to a crude oil stabilization and ngls processing facility in teesside, england.
united kingdom
natural liquids gas total interest operator mbd mmcfd mboed average daily net production britannia satellites*
britannia
spirit energy
total united kingdom
*includes the chevron-operated alder field, conocophillips equity interest was 26.3 percent.
on september 30, 2019, we completed the sale of two conocophillips u.k. subsidiaries to chrysaor e&p limited, including all of our producing assets in the u.k.
annualized average production from the assets sold was 50 mboed in 2019.
for additional information on this transaction, see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we retained our teesside, england oil terminal, where we are the operator and have a 40.25 percent ownership interest, to support our norway operations.
in january 2020, we declared force majeure to our crude shippers following the
blockade of the es sider crude oil export terminal and the declaration of force majeure by the national oil corporation of libya.
*this asset is held-for-sale as of december 31, 2019.
see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
australia pacific lng australia pacific lng pty ltd (aplng), our joint venture with origin energy limited and china petrochemical corporation (sinopec), is focused on producing cbm from the bowen and surat basins in queensland, australia, to supply the domestic gas market and convert the cbm into lng for export.
origin operates aplng's upstream production and pipeline system, and we operate the downstream lng facility, located on curtis island near gladstone, queensland, as well as the lng export sales business.
approximately 3,900 net wells are ultimately expected to supply both the lng sales contracts and domestic gas market.
the wells are supported by gathering systems, central gas processing and compression stations, water treatment facilities, and an export pipeline connecting the gas fields to the lng facilities.
20-year sales agreements for 7.6 million metric tonnes of lng per year, and japan-based kansai electric power co., inc. under a 20-year sales agreement for approximately 1 million metric tonnes of lng per year.
as of december 31, 2019, aplng has an outstanding balance of $6.7 billion on a $8.5 billion project finance facility.
in late 2018 and early 2019, aplng successfully refinanced $4.6 billion of the project finance facility through three separate transactions, which added lower cost united states private placement (uspp)
bond and commercial bank facilities.
in conjunction with these transactions, aplng made voluntary repayments of $2.2 billion to a syndicate of australian and international commercial banks and fully extinguished $2.4 billion of financing from the export-import bank of china.
for additional information, see note 3-variable interest entities, note 6-investments, loans and long-
term receivables and note 12-guarantees, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
bayu-undan the bayu-undan gas condensate field is located in the timor sea joint petroleum development area between timor-leste and australia.
we also operate and own a 56.9 percent interest in the associated darwin lng facility, located at wickham point, darwin.
the bayu-undan natural gas recycle facility processes wet gas; separates, stores and offloads condensate, propane and butane; and re-injects dry gas back into the reservoir.
in addition, a 310-mile natural gas pipeline connects the facility to the 3.5-million-metric-tonnes-per-year capacity darwin lng facility.
produced natural gas is piped to the darwin lng plant, where it is converted into lng before being transported to international markets.
in 2019, we sold 133 billion gross cubic feet of lng primarily to utility customers in japan.
athena/perseus the athena production license (wa-17-l) in which we had a 50 percent working interest is located offshore western australia and our entitlement to production ended in the fourth quarter of 2019.
exploration we operate three exploration permits in the browse basin, offshore northwest australia, in which we own a 40
percent interest in permits wa-315-p, wa-398-p and tp 28, of the greater poseidon area.
phase i of the browse basin drilling campaign resulted in three discoveries in the greater poseidon area and phase ii resulted in five additional discoveries.
percent interest in the barossa and caldita discoveries.
in april 2018, barossa entered the feed phase of development which continued through 2019.
during the feed phase, costs and the technical definition for the project will be finalized, gas and condensate sales agreements progressed, and access arrangements negotiated with the owners of the darwin lng facility and bayu-darwin pipeline.
in december 2019, we entered into an agreement with 3d oil to acquire a 75 percent interest and operatorship of an offshore tasmanian permit located in the otway basin.
the farm-in agreement is conditional upon the agreement and signing of a joa by both parties and required government approvals.
this activity is excluded from the dispositions discussed below.
dispositions in the second quarter of 2019, we completed the sale of our 30 percent interest in the greater sunrise fields to the government of timor-leste.
in october 2019, we entered into an agreement to sell the subsidiaries that hold our australia-west assets and operations to santos with an expected completion date in the first quarter of 2020, subject to regulatory approvals and other specific conditions precedent.
these subsidiaries hold our 37.5 percent interest in the barossa project and caldita field, our 56.9 percent interest in the darwin lng facility and bayu-undan field, our 40 percent interest in the greater poseidon fields, and our 50 percent interest in the athena field.
production associated with the australia-west assets to be sold was 48 mboed in
for additional information on these transactions, see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
natural gas is supplied from the grissik and suban gas processing plants to the duri steamflood in central sumatra and to markets in singapore, batam and west java.
in 2019, we were awarded a 20-year extension, with new terms, of the corridor psc.
under these terms, we retain a majority interest and continue as operator for at least three years after 2023 and retain a participating interest until 2043.
production from the south jambi "b" psc has reached depletion and field development has been suspended.
exploration we hold a 60 percent working interest in the kualakurun psc.
after completion of prospect evaluation, we and the other joint venture partners decided to relinquish all of the remaining acreage to the government of indonesia.
and are in various stages of development.
as part of further development of the penglai
field, the wellhead platform j
project consists of three new wellhead platforms and a
central processing platform.
first oil from phase 3 was achieved in 2018 for two of the platforms, with the third platform planned to come online in the second quarter of
this project consists of one new wellhead platform and anticipates 62 new wells.
panyu our production license for panyu 4-2, 5-1 and
we still have a license for panyu 4-1 in block 15/34 and are evaluating this area for potential development.
exploration exploration activities in the bohai penglai field during
2019 consisted of two successful appraisal wells, a full-field 3-d seismic program covering existing and future development opportunities, and an infill compressive seismic imaging (csi) survey to improve imaging beneath the gas cloud in support of future development projects.
we have varying stages of exploration, development and production activities across
2.2 million net acres in malaysia, with working interests in six pscs.
we operated three exploration blocks, block sk304, block sk313 and block wl4-00, off the eastern malaysian state of sarawak.
percent working interest in the gumusut field following the redetermination of the block j and block k
malaysia unit in 2017.
kbbc the kbbc psc grants us a 30 percent working interest in the kbb, kamunsu east and kamunsu east upthrown canyon gas and condensate fields.
party floating lng vessel which provided increased gas offtake capacity.
carries gas production from the kbb gas field to market.
kamunsu east development options for the kamunsu east gas field are being evaluated.
block g malikai we hold a 35 percent working interest in malikai.
via the malikai tension leg platform, ramping to peak production in 2018.
the kmu-1 exploration well was completed and started producing through the malikai platform in 2018.
malikai phase 2 development, a 6-
well drilling campaign that will commence in 2020, reached a final investment decision in late 2019.
siakap north-petai we hold a 21 percent working interest in the unitized siakap north-petai oil field.
exploration in 2016, we entered into a farm-in agreement to acquire a 50 percent working interest in block sk
million gross-acre exploration block offshore sarawak, with an effective date of january 2017.
we have no plans for further exploration activity in this block.
50 percent working interest in block wl4-00, which included the existing salam-1 oil discovery and encompassed
in 2018 and 2019, two exploration and two appraisal wells were drilled, resulting in oil discoveries under evaluation at salam and benum, while two patawali wells were expensed as dry holes in 2019.
in 2018, we were awarded a 50 percent working interest and operatorship of block sk304 encompassing
we acquired 3-d seismic over the acreage and completed processing of this data in 2019.
development options are being evaluated.
company limited
qg3 is an integrated development jointly owned by qatar petroleum (68.5 percent), conocophillips
(30 percent) and mitsui & co., ltd. (1.5 percent).
qg3 consists of upstream natural gas production facilities, which produce approximately 1.4 billion gross cubic feet per day of natural gas from qatar's north field over a 25-year life, in addition to a 7.8 million gross tonnes-per-year lng facility.
lng is shipped in leased lng carriers destined for sale globally.
qg3 executed the development of the onshore and offshore assets as a single integrated development with qatargas 4 (qg4), a joint venture between qatar petroleum and royal dutch shell plc.
this included the joint development of offshore facilities situated in a common offshore block in the north field, as well as the construction of two identical lng process trains and associated gas treating facilities for both the qg3 and qg4 joint ventures.
production from the lng trains and associated facilities is combined and shared.
other international the other international segment includes exploration activities in colombia, chile and argentina and contingencies associated with prior operations.
plug and abandonment activity started during
in addition, we have an 80 percent working interest in the vmm-2
as part of a case brought forward by environmental groups, the highest administrative court granted a preliminary injunction temporarily suspending hydraulic fracturing activities until the substance of the case is decided.
as a result, conocophillips filed two separate force majeure requests before the competent authority for both blocks, which were granted.
argentina in january 2019, we secured a 50 percent nonoperated interest in the el turbio este block, within the austral basin in southern argentina.
in 2019, we acquired and processed 3-d seismic covering approximately 500
square miles, with evaluation of the data ongoing.
in november 2019, we acquired interests in two nonoperated blocks in the neuquén basin targeting the vaca muerta play.
venezuela and ecuador for discussion of our contingencies in venezuela and ecuador, see note 13-contingencies and commitments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
other marketing activities our commercial organization manages our worldwide commodity portfolio, which mainly includes natural gas, crude oil, bitumen, ngls and lng.
marketing activities are performed through offices in the u.s., canada, europe and asia.
in marketing our production, we attempt to minimize flow disruptions, maximize realized prices and manage credit-risk exposure.
commodity sales are generally made at prevailing market prices at the time of sale.
we also purchase and sell third-party volumes to better position the company to satisfy customer demand while fully utilizing transportation and storage capacity.
natural gas our natural gas production, along with third-party purchased gas, is primarily marketed in the u.s., canada, europe and asia.
our natural gas is sold to a diverse client portfolio which includes local distribution companies; gas and power utilities; large industrials;
companies; as well as marketing companies.
to reduce our market exposure and credit risk, we also transport natural gas via firm and interruptible transportation agreements to major market hubs.
crude oil, bitumen and natural gas liquids our crude oil, bitumen and ngl revenues are derived from production in the u.s., canada, australia, asia, africa and europe.
these commodities are primarily sold under contracts with prices based on market indices, adjusted for location, quality and transportation.
lng lng marketing efforts are focused on equity lng production facilities located in australia and qatar.
lng is primarily sold under long-term contracts with prices based on market indices.
energy partnerships marine well containment company (mwcc)
we are a founding member of the mwcc, a non-profit organization formed in 2010, which provides well containment equipment and technology in the deepwater u.s. gulf of mexico.
mwcc's containment system meets the u.s. bureau of safety and environmental enforcement requirements for a subsea well containment system that can respond to a deepwater well control incident in the u.s. gulf of mexico.
for additional information, see note 3-variable interest entities, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
subsea well response project (swrp)
in 2011, we, along with several leading oil and gas companies, launched the swrp, a non-profit organization based in stavanger, norway, which was created to enhance the industry's capability to respond to international subsea well control incidents.
through collaboration with oil spill response limited, a non-profit organization in the u.k., subsea well intervention equipment is available for the industry to use in the event of a subsea well incident.
this complements the work being undertaken in the u.s. by mwcc and provides well capping and containment capability outside the u.s.
oil spill response removal organizations (osros)
we maintain memberships in several osros across the globe as a key element of our preparedness program in addition to internal response resources.
many of the osros are not-for-profit cooperatives owned by the member companies wherein we may actively participate as a member of the board of directors, steering committee, work group or other supporting role.
globally, our primary osro is oil spill response ltd.
based in the u.k., with facilities in several other countries and the ability to respond anywhere in the world.
in north america, our primary osros include the marine spill response corporation for the continental united states and alaska clean seas and ship escort/response vessel system for the alaska north slope and prince william sound, respectively.
internationally, we maintain memberships in various regional osros including the norwegian clean seas association for operating companies, australian marine oil spill center and petroleum industry of malaysia mutual aid group.
technology we have several technology programs that improve our ability to develop unconventional reservoirs, produce heavy oil economically with less emissions, improve the efficiency of our exploration program, increase recoveries from our legacy fields, and implement sustainability measures.
lng liquefaction technology business continues to be successful with the demand for new lng plants.
the technology has been licensed for use in 26
lng trains around the world, with feasibility studies ongoing for additional trains.
reserves we have not filed any information with any other federal authority or agency with respect to our estimated total proved reserves at december 31, 2019.
no difference exists between our estimated total proved reserves for year-end 2018 and year-end 2017, which are shown in this filing, and estimates of these reserves shown in a filing with another federal agency in 2019.
delivery commitments we sell crude oil and natural gas from our producing operations under a variety of contractual arrangements, some of which specify the delivery of a fixed and determinable quantity.
our commercial organization also enters into natural gas sales contracts where the source of the natural gas used to fulfill the contract can be the spot market or a combination of our reserves and the spot market.
worldwide, we are contractually committed to deliver approximately 1.1
75 billion cubic feet related to the noncontrolling interests of consolidated subsidiaries, and 172 million barrels of crude oil in the future.
we expect to fulfill the majority of these delivery commitments with proved developed reserves.
in addition, we anticipate using puds and spot market purchases to fulfill any remaining commitments.
see the disclosure on "proved undeveloped reserves" in the "oil and gas operations" section following the notes to consolidated financial statements, for information on the development of puds.
competition we compete with private, public and state-owned companies in all facets of the e&p business.
some of our competitors are larger and have greater resources.
each of our segments is highly competitive, with no single competitor, or small group of competitors, dominating.
we compete with numerous other companies in the industry, including state-owned companies, to locate and obtain new sources of supply and to produce oil, bitumen, ngls and natural gas in an efficient, cost-effective manner.
we deliver our production into the worldwide commodity markets.
principal methods of competing include geological, geophysical and engineering research and technology;
experience and expertise; economic analysis in connection with portfolio management; and safely operating oil and gas producing properties.
during 2019, we received 64 patents in the u.s. and 90 foreign patents.
our products and processes generated licensing revenues of $69 million related to activity in 2019.
the overall profitability of any business segment is not dependent on any single patent, trademark, license, franchise or concession.
health, safety and environment our hse organization provides tools and support to our business units and staff groups to help them ensure world class hse performance.
the framework through which we safely manage our operations, the hse management system standard, emphasizes process safety, risk management, emergency preparedness and environmental performance, with an intense focus on process and occupational safety.
in support of the goal of zero incidents, hse milestones and criteria are established annually to drive strong safety and environmental performance.
progress toward these milestones and criteria are measured and reported.
hse audits are conducted on business functions periodically, and improvement actions are established and tracked to completion.
we have designed processes relating to sustainable development in our economic, environmental and social performance.
our processes, related tools and requirements focus on water, biodiversity and climate change, as well as social and stakeholder issues.
the environmental information contained in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations on pages 60 through
65 under the captions "environmental" and "climate change"
it includes information on expensed and capitalized environmental costs for 2019 and those expected for 2020 and 2021.
website access to sec reports our internet website address is www.conocophillips.com
information contained on our internet website is not part of this report on form 10-k.
our annual reports on form 10-k, quarterly reports on form 10-q, current reports on form 8-k and any amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to section 13(a) or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934 are available on our website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are filed with, or furnished to, the sec.
alternatively, you may access these reports at the sec's website at www.sec.gov
item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this annual report on form 10-k.
these risk factors are not the only risks we face.
our business could also be affected by additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial.
if any of these risks were to occur, our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as the value of an investment in our common stock could be adversely affected.
our operating results, our future rate of growth and the carrying value of our assets are exposed to the effects of changing commodity prices.
prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, ngls and lng can fluctuate widely.
given volatility in commodity price drivers and the worldwide political and economic environment generally, as well as increased uncertainty generated by recent (and potential future) armed hostilities in various oil-producing regions around the globe, price trends may continue to be volatile.
our revenues, operating results and future rate of growth are highly dependent on the prices we receive for our crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, ngls and lng.
the factors influencing these prices are beyond our control.
lower crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, ngl and lng prices may have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating income, cash flows and liquidity, and may also affect the amount of dividends we elect to declare and pay on our common stock and the amount of shares we elect to acquire as part of the share repurchase program and the timing of such acquisitions.
lower prices may also limit the amount of reserves we can produce economically, adversely affecting our proved reserves, reserve replacement ratio and accelerating the reduction in our existing reserve levels as we continue production from upstream fields.
significant reductions in crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, ngls and lng prices could also require us to reduce our capital expenditures, impair the carrying value of our assets or discontinue the classification of certain assets as proved reserves.
in the past three years, we recognized several impairments, which are described in note 9-impairments and the "aplng" section of note 6-investments, loans and long-term receivables, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
if commodity prices remain low relative to their historic levels, and as we continue to optimize our investments and exercise capital flexibility, it is reasonably likely we will incur future impairments to long-lived assets used in operations, investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method and unproved properties.
although it is not reasonably practicable to quantify the impact of any future impairments at this time, our results of operations could be adversely affected as a result.
our ability to declare and pay dividends and repurchase shares is subject to certain considerations.
dividends are authorized and determined by our board of directors in its sole discretion and depend upon a number of factors, including:
cash available for distribution.
our financial condition, especially in relation to the anticipated future capital needs of our properties.
other factors our board of directors deems relevant.
we expect to continue to pay quarterly dividends to our stockholders; however, our board of directors may reduce our dividend or cease declaring dividends at any time, including if it determines that our net cash provided by operating activities, after deducting capital expenditures and investments, are not sufficient to pay our desired levels of dividends to our stockholders or to pay dividends to our stockholders at all.
additionally, as of december 31, 2019, $5.4 billion of repurchase authority remained of the $15 billion share repurchase program our board of directors had authorized.
in february, 2020, our board of directors approved an increase to our repurchase authorization from $15 billion to $25 billion, to support our plan for future share repurchases.
our share repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire a specific number of shares during any period, and our decision to commence, discontinue or resume repurchases in any period will depend on the same factors that our board of directors may consider when declaring dividends, among others.
any downward revision in the amount of dividends we pay to stockholders or the number of shares we purchase under our share repurchase program could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.
we may need additional capital in the future, and it may not be available on acceptable terms.
we have historically relied primarily upon cash generated by our operations to fund our operations and strategy; however, we have also relied from time to time on access to the debt and equity capital markets for funding.
there can be no assurance that additional debt or equity financing will be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all.
in addition, although we anticipate we will be able to repay our existing indebtedness when it matures or in accordance with our stated plans, there can be no assurance we will be able to do so.
our ability to obtain additional financing, or refinance our existing indebtedness when it matures or in accordance with our plans, will be subject to a number of factors, including market conditions, our operating performance, investor sentiment and our ability to incur additional debt in compliance with agreements governing our then-outstanding debt.
if we are unable to generate sufficient funds from operations or raise additional capital for any reason, our business could be adversely affected.
in addition, we are regularly evaluated by the major rating agencies based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and conditions affecting the oil and gas industry generally.
we and other industry companies have had their ratings reduced in the past due to negative commodity price outlooks.
any downgrade in our credit rating or announcement that our credit rating is under review for possible downgrade could increase the cost associated with any additional indebtedness we incur.
our business may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of, or defaults under our contracts with, third parties with whom we do business.
the operation of our business requires us to engage in transactions with numerous counterparties operating in a variety of industries, including other companies operating in the oil and gas industry.
these counterparties may default on their obligations to us as a result of operational failures or a lack of liquidity, or for other reasons, including bankruptcy.
market speculation about the credit quality of these counterparties, or their ability to continue performing on their existing obligations, may also exacerbate any operational difficulties or liquidity issues they are experiencing, particularly as it relates to other companies in the oil and gas industry as a result of the volatility in commodity prices.
any default by any of our counterparties may result in our inability to perform our obligations under agreements we have made with third parties or may otherwise adversely affect our business or results of operations.
in addition, our rights against any of our counterparties as a result of a default may not be adequate to compensate us for the resulting harm caused or may not be enforceable at all in some circumstances.
we may also be forced to incur additional costs as we attempt to enforce any rights we have against a defaulting counterparty, which could further adversely impact our results of operations.
in particular, in august 2018, we entered into a settlement agreement with petróleos de venezuela, s.a.
(pdvsa) providing for the payment of approximately
$2 billion over a five-year period in connection with an arbitration award issued by the international chamber of commerce (icc) tribunal in favor of conocophillips on a contractual dispute arising from venezuela's expropriation of our interests in the petrozuata and hamaca heavy oil ventures and other pre-expropriation fiscal measures.
pdvsa has defaulted on its remaining payment obligations under this agreement, we are therefore now forced to incur additional costs as we seek to recover any unpaid amounts under the agreement.
unless we successfully add to our existing proved reserves, our future crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and ngl production will decline, resulting in an adverse impact to our business.
if we do not conduct successful exploration and development activities, or, through engineering studies, optimize production performance or identify additional or secondary recovery reserves, our proved reserves will decline materially as we produce crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and ngls, and our business will experience reduced cash flows and results of operations.
any cash conservation efforts we may undertake as a result of commodity price declines may further limit our ability to replace depleted reserves.
the exploration and production of oil and gas is a highly competitive industry.
the exploration and production of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and ngls is a highly competitive business.
we compete with private, public and state-owned companies in all facets of the exploration and production business, including to locate and obtain new sources of supply and to produce oil, bitumen, natural gas and ngls in an efficient, cost-effective manner.
some of our competitors are larger and have greater resources than we do or may be willing to incur a higher level of risk than we are willing to incur to obtain potential sources of supply.
if we are not successful in our competition for new reserves, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
any material change in the factors and assumptions underlying our estimates of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and ngl reserves could impair the quantity and value of those reserves.
our proved reserve information included in this annual report represents management's best estimates based on assumptions, as of a specified date, of the volumes to be recovered from underground accumulations of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and ngls.
such volumes cannot be directly measured and the estimates and underlying assumptions used by management are subject to substantial risk and uncertainty.
any material changes in the factors and assumptions underlying our estimates of these items could result in a material negative impact to the volume of reserves reported or could cause us to incur impairment expenses on property associated with the production of those reserves.
future reserve revisions could also result from changes in, among other things, governmental regulation.
we expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations.
our business is subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, which are expected to continue to have an increasing impact on our operations in the u.s. and in other countries in which we operate.
for a description of the most significant of these environmental laws and regulations, see the "contingencies-environmental" section of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
these laws and regulations continue to increase in both number and complexity and affect our operations with respect to, among other things:
permits required in connection with exploration, drilling, production and other activities.the discharge of pollutants into the environment.
emissions into the atmosphere, such as nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, mercury and ghg emissions.
the dismantlement, abandonment and restoration of our properties and facilities at the end of their useful lives.
exploration and production activities in certain areas, such as offshore environments, arctic fields, oil sands reservoirs and unconventional plays.
we have incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures as a result of these laws and regulations.
any failure by us to comply with existing or future laws, regulations and other requirements could result in administrative or civil penalties, criminal fines, other enforcement actions or third-party litigation against us.
to the extent these expenditures, as with all costs, are not ultimately reflected in the prices of our products and services, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in future periods could be materially adversely affected.
existing and future laws, regulations and initiatives relating to global climate change, such as limitations on ghg emissions, may impact or limit our business plans, result in significant expenditures, promote alternative uses of energy or reduce demand for our products.
continuing political and social attention to the issue of global climate change has resulted in both existing and pending international agreements and national, regional or local legislation and regulatory measures to limit ghg emissions, such as cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, restrictive permitting, increased fuel efficiency standards and incentives or mandates for renewable energy.
for example, in december 2015, the u.s. joined the international community at the 21st conference of the parties of the united nations framework convention on climate change in paris that prepared an agreement requiring member countries to review and represent a progression in their intended ghg emission reduction goals every five years beginning in 2020.
while the u.s. announced its intention to withdraw from the paris agreement, there is no guarantee that the commitments made by the u.s. will not be implemented, in whole or in part, by u.s. state and local governments or by major corporations headquartered in the u.s.
in addition, our operations continue in countries around the world which are party to, and have not announced an intent to withdraw from, the paris agreement.
the implementation of current agreements and regulatory measures, as well as any future agreements or measures addressing climate change and ghg emissions, may adversely impact the demand for our products, impose taxes on our products or operations or require us to purchase emission credits or reduce emission of ghgs from our operations.
as a result, we may experience declines in commodity prices or incur substantial capital expenditures and compliance, operating, maintenance and remediation costs, any of which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
additionally, increasing attention to global climate change has resulted in pressure upon shareholders, financial institutions and/or financial markets to modify their relationships with oil and gas companies and to limit investments and/or funding to such companies, which could increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business and results of operations.
furthermore, increasing attention to global climate change has resulted in an increased likelihood of governmental investigations and private litigation, which could increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business.
in 2017 and 2018, cities, counties, and a state government in california, new york, washington, rhode island and maryland, as well as the pacific coast federation of fishermen's association, inc., filed lawsuits against oil and gas companies, including conocophillips, seeking compensatory damages and equitable relief to abate alleged climate change impacts.
conocophillips is vigorously defending against these lawsuits.
the ultimate outcome and impact to us cannot be predicted with certainty, and we could incur substantial legal costs associated with defending these and similar lawsuits in the future.
in addition, although we design and operate our business operations to accommodate expected climatic conditions, to the extent there are significant changes in the earth's climate, such as more severe or frequent weather conditions in the markets where we operate or the areas where our assets reside, we could incur increased expenses, our operations could be adversely impacted, and demand for our products could fall.
for more information on legislation or precursors for possible regulation relating to global climate change that affect or could affect our operations and a description of the company's response, see the
climate change" section of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
domestic and worldwide political and economic developments could damage our operations and materially reduce our profitability and cash flows.
actions of the u.s., state, local and foreign governments, through sanctions, tax and other legislation, executive order and commercial restrictions, could reduce our operating profitability both in the u.s. and abroad.
special taxes or tax assessments; and payment transparency regulations that could require us to disclose competitively sensitive information or might cause us to violate non-disclosure laws of other countries.
one area subject to significant political and regulatory activity is the use of hydraulic fracturing, an essential completion technique that facilitates production of oil and natural gas otherwise trapped in lower permeability rock formations.
a range of local, state, federal and national laws and regulations currently govern or, in some hydraulic fracturing operations, prohibit hydraulic fracturing in some jurisdictions.
although hydraulic fracturing has been conducted for many decades, a number of new laws, regulations and permitting requirements are under consideration by the u.s. epa and others which could result in increased costs, operating restrictions, operational delays or limit the ability to develop oil and natural gas resources.
certain jurisdictions in which we operate, including state and local governments in colorado, have adopted or are considering regulations that could impose new or more stringent permitting, disclosure or other regulatory requirements on hydraulic fracturing or other oil and natural-gas operations, including subsurface water disposal.
in addition, certain interest groups have also proposed ballot initiatives and constitutional amendments designed to restrict oil and natural-gas development generally and hydraulic fracturing in particular.
for example, in 2018, colorado voters rejected proposition 112, a colorado ballot initiative that would have drastically limited the use of hydraulic fracturing in colorado.
in the event that ballot initiatives, local or state restrictions or prohibitions are adopted and result in more stringent limitations on the production and development of oil and natural gas in areas where we conduct operations, we may incur significant costs to comply with such requirements or may experience delays or curtailment in the permitting or pursuit of exploration, development or production activities.
such compliance costs and delays, curtailments, limitations or prohibitions could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
the u.s. government can also prevent or restrict us from doing business in foreign countries.
these restrictions and those of foreign governments have in the past limited our ability to operate in, or gain access to, opportunities in various countries.
actions by host governments, such as the expropriation of our oil assets by the venezuelan government, have affected operations significantly in the past and may continue to do so in the future.
changes in domestic and international regulations may affect our ability to collect payments such as those pertaining to the settlement with pdvsa or the icsid award against the government of venezuela;
or to obtain or maintain permits, including those necessary for drilling and development of wells in various locations.
local political and economic factors in international markets could have a material adverse effect on us.
we are subject to risks associated with operations in international markets, including changes in foreign governmental policies relating to crude oil, natural gas, bitumen, ngls or lng pricing and taxation, other political, economic or diplomatic developments (including the effect of international trade discussion and disputes), changing political conditions and international monetary and currency rate fluctuations.
in addition, some countries where we operate lack a fully independent judiciary system.
this, coupled with changes in foreign law or policy, results in a lack of legal certainty that exposes our operations to increased risks, including increased difficulty in enforcing our agreements in those jurisdictions and increased risks of adverse actions by local government authorities, such as expropriations.
our business may be adversely affected by price controls, government-imposed limitations on production of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and ngls, or the unavailability of adequate gathering, processing, compression, transportation, and pipeline facilities and equipment for our production of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and ngls.
from time to time, regulatory agencies have imposed price controls and limitations on production by restricting the rate of flow of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and ngl wells below actual production capacity.
because legal requirements are frequently changed and subject to interpretation, we cannot predict whether future restrictions on our business may be enacted or become applicable to us.
our ability to sell and deliver the crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, ngls and lng that we produce also depends on the availability, proximity, and capacity of gathering, processing, compression, transportation and pipeline facilities and equipment, as well as any necessary diluents to prepare our crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, ngls and lng for transport.
the facilities, equipment and diluents we rely on may be temporarily unavailable to us due to market conditions, extreme weather events, regulatory reasons, mechanical reasons or other factors or conditions, many of which are beyond our control.
in addition, in certain newer plays, the capacity of necessary facilities, equipment and diluents may not be sufficient to accommodate production from existing and new wells, and construction and permitting delays, permitting costs and regulatory or other constraints could limit or delay the construction, manufacture or other acquisition of new facilities and equipment.
if any facilities, equipment or diluents, or any of the transportation methods and channels that we rely on become unavailable for any period of time, we may incur increased costs to transport our crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, ngls and lng for sale or we may be forced to curtail our production of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas or ngls.
our investments in joint ventures decrease our ability to manage risk.
we conduct many of our operations through joint ventures in which we may share control with our joint venture partners.
there is a risk our joint venture participants may at any time have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with those of the joint venture or us, or our joint venture partners may be unable to meet their economic or other obligations and we may be required to fulfill those obligations alone.
failure by us, or an entity in which we have a joint venture interest, to adequately manage the risks associated with any operations, acquisitions or dispositions could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of our joint ventures and, in turn, our business and operations.
we may not be able to successfully complete any disposition we elect to pursue.
from time to time, we may seek to divest portions of our business or investments that are not important to our ongoing strategic objectives.
any dispositions we undertake may involve numerous risks and uncertainties, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
in particular, we may not be able to successfully complete any disposition on a timeline or on terms acceptable to us, if at all, whether due to market conditions, regulatory challenges or other concerns.
in addition, the reinvestment of capital from disposition proceeds may not ultimately yield investment returns in line with our internal or external expectations.
any dispositions we pursue may also result in disruption to other parts of our business, including through the diversion of resources and management attention from our ongoing business and other strategic matters, or through the disruption of relationships with our employees and key vendors.
further, in connection with any disposition, we may enter into transition services agreements or undertake indemnity or other obligations that may result in additional expenses for us.
we may also be required under applicable accounting rules to recognize impairments associated with any disposition we pursue, whether or not completed.
as part of our disposition strategy, on may 17, 2017, we completed the sale of our 50 percent nonoperated interest in the fccl partnership, as well as the majority of our western canada gas assets to cenovus energy.
consideration for the transaction included 208
the scope and nature of our operations present a variety of significant hazards and risks, including operational hazards and risks such as explosions, fires, crude oil spills, severe weather, geological events, labor disputes, armed hostilities, terrorist attacks, sabotage, civil unrest or cyber attacks.
our operations may also be adversely affected by unavailability, interruptions or accidents involving services or infrastructure required to develop, produce, process or transport our production, such as contract labor, drilling rigs, pipelines, railcars, tankers, barges or other infrastructure.
our operations are subject to the additional hazards of pollution, releases of toxic gas and other environmental hazards and risks.
offshore activities may pose incrementally greater risks because of complex subsurface conditions such as higher reservoir pressures, water depths and metocean conditions.
all such hazards could result in loss of human life, significant property and equipment damage, environmental pollution, impairment of operations, substantial losses to us and damage to our reputation.
further, our business and operations may be disrupted if we do not respond, or are perceived not to respond, in an appropriate manner to any of these hazards and risks or any other major crisis or if we are unable to efficiently restore or replace affected operational components and capacity.
our technologies, systems and networks may be subject to cyber attacks.
our business, like others within the oil and gas industry, has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies, some of which are managed by third-party service providers on whom we rely to help us collect, host or process information.
among other activities, we rely on digital technology to estimate oil and gas reserves, process and record financial and operating data, analyze seismic and drilling information and communicate with employees and third parties.
as a result, we face various cyber security threats such as attempts to gain unauthorized access to, or control of, sensitive information about our operations and our employees, attempts to render our data or systems
(or those of third parties with whom we do business)
corrupted or unusable, threats to the security of our facilities and infrastructure as well as those of third parties with whom we do business and attempted cyber terrorism.
in addition, computers control oil and gas production, processing equipment and distribution systems globally and are necessary to deliver our production to market.
a disruption, failure or a cyber breach of these operating systems, or of the networks and infrastructure on which they rely, many of which are not owned or operated by us, could damage critical production, distribution or storage assets, delay or prevent delivery to markets or make it difficult or impossible to accurately account for production and settle transactions.
although we have experienced occasional breaches of our cyber security, none of these breaches have had a material effect on our business, operations or reputation.
as cyber attacks continue to evolve, we must continually expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerabilities detected.
our implementation of various procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate security threats and to increase security for our information, facilities and infrastructure may result in increased costs.
despite our ongoing investments in security resources, talent and business practices, we are unable to assure that any security measures will be effective.
if our systems and infrastructure were to be breached, damaged or disrupted, we could be subject to serious negative consequences, including disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation, a loss of counterparty trust, reimbursement or other costs, increased compliance costs, significant litigation exposure and legal liability or regulatory fines, penalties or intervention.
any of these could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
although we have business continuity plans in place, our operations may be adversely affected by significant and widespread disruption to our systems and infrastructure that support our business.
while we continue to evolve and modify our business continuity plans, there can be no assurance that they will be effective in avoiding disruption and business impacts.
further, our insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for all resulting losses, and the cost to obtain adequate coverage may increase for us in the future.
item 1b. unresolved staff comments none.
item 3.
legal proceedings the following is a description of reportable legal proceedings, including those involving governmental authorities under federal, state and local laws regulating the discharge of materials into the environment for this reporting period.
2018 form 10-k and our first-, second- and third-quarter
2019 form 10-qs that were not resolved prior to the fourth quarter of 2019.
material developments to the previously reported matters have been included in the descriptions below.
while it is not possible to accurately predict the final outcome of these pending proceedings, if any one or more of such proceedings were to be decided adversely to conocophillips, we expect there would be no material effect on our consolidated financial position.
on april 30, 2012, the separation of our downstream business was completed, creating two independent energy companies: conocophillips and phillips
in connection with the separation, we entered into an indemnification and release agreement, which provides for cross-indemnities between phillips
66 and us and established procedures for handling claims subject to indemnification and related matters, such as legal proceedings.
we have included matters where we remain or have subsequently become a party to a proceeding relating to phillips 66, in accordance with sec regulations.
we do not expect any of those matters to result in a net claim against us.
in may 2012, the illinois attorney general's office filed and notified conocophillips of a complaint with respect to operations at the phillips 66 wrb wood river refinery alleging violations of the illinois groundwater standards and a third-party's hazardous waste permit.
the complaint seeks remediation of area groundwater; compliance with the hazardous waste permit; enhanced pipeline and tank integrity measures;
additional spill reporting; and yet-to-be specified amounts for fines and penalties.
matters previously reported-conocophillips on june 28, 2018, the texas commission on environmental quality issued a proposed agreed order to conocophillips company to resolve alleged violations of the texas health & safety code and/or commission rules occurring in 2015 through 2017 at a formerly owned gas injection plant in howard county, texas.
in november of 2019, the company concluded this matter by entering into an agreed order with the agency and paying an administrative penalty of $120,014.
item 4.
information about our executive officers name position held age*
catherine a. brooks vice president and controller
executive vice president and chief financial officer
there are no family relationships among any of the officers named above.
each officer of the company is elected by the board of directors at its first meeting after the annual meeting of stockholders and thereafter as appropriate.
set forth below is information about the executive officers.
catherine a. brooks was appointed vice president and controller as of january 1, 2019, having previously served as general auditor since august 2018.
prior to serving as general auditor, she was assistant controller from february 2016 to august 2018.
she became manager, finance & performance analysis in april 2014 and served in that role until february
ms. brooks previously held the position of manager, external reporting from may 2010 to april
was appointed president, asia pacific & middle east as of april 1, 2015, having previously served as vice president, corporate planning & development since may 2012.
2019, having previously served as vice president, investor relations and communications since may 2012.
prior to that, she was employed by petrohawk energy corp. where she served as senior vice president, corporate communications since 2010.
2019, having previously served as executive vice president, strategy, exploration and technology since april 2016
prior to that, he served as vice president, health, safety and environment from december 2015
mr. hatfield became vice president, cost optimization in march 2015 and served in that role until december 2015.
mr. hatfield previously held the position of vice president, rockies business unit from march 2013 to march
prior to that, he served as managing partner of bluewater strategies llc, since 2002.
1, 2018, having previously served as vice president, corporate planning & development since january 2017.
prior to that, she was a senior partner in the houston office of an international law firm, baker botts l.l.p., where she counseled clients on corporate and securities matters.
she began her career at the firm in 1991.
was appointed executive vice president and chief financial officer on january
1, 2019, having previously served as executive vice president, finance, commercial and chief financial officer since april 2016 and as executive vice president, commercial, business development and corporate planning from 2012 to 2016.
part ii item 5.
market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities conocophillips' common stock is traded on the new york stock exchange, under the symbol "cop."
*in determining the number of stockholders, we consider clearing agencies and security position listings as one stockholder for each agency listing.
the declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of our board of directors, and may be affected by various factors, including our future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, levels of indebtedness, credit ratings and other considerations our board of directors deems relevant.
our board of directors has adopted a quarterly dividend declaration policy providing that the declaration of any dividends will be determined quarterly by the board of directors taking into account such factors as our business model, prevailing business conditions and our financial results and capital requirements, without a predetermined annual net income payout ratio.
on february 1, 2018, we announced that our board of directors approved an increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.285 per share, compared with the previous quarterly dividend of $0.265 per share.
on october 5, 2018, we announced that our board of directors approved an increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.305 per share, compared with the previous quarterly dividend of $0.285 per share.
on october 7, 2019, we announced that our board of directors approved an increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.42 per share, compared with the previous quarterly dividend of $0.305 per share.
issuer purchases of equity securities millions of dollars approximate dollar shares purchased value of shares average as part of publicly that may yet be total number of price paid announced plans purchased under the period shares purchased
*there were no repurchases of common stock from company employees in connection with the company's broad-based employee incentive plans.
in late 2016, we initiated our current share repurchase program.
in february 2020, we announced that the board of directors approved an increase to our repurchase authorization from $15 billion to $25 billion, to support our plan for future share repurchases.
acquisitions for the share repurchase program are made at management's discretion, at prevailing prices, subject to market conditions and other factors.
except as limited by applicable legal requirements, repurchases may be increased, decreased or discontinued at any time without prior notice.
see risk factors "our ability to declare and pay dividends and repurchase shares is subject to certain considerations."
stock performance graph the following graph shows the cumulative total shareholder return (tsr) for conocophillips'
the graph also compares the cumulative total returns for the same five-year period with the s&p 500 index, the performance peer group used in the prior fiscal year (the "prior peer group") and a new performance peer group for the current fiscal year (the "new peer group").
the prior peer group consists of bp, chevron, exxonmobil, royal dutch shell, total, apache, devon, marathon oil corporation and occidental, weighted according to the respective peer's stock market capitalization at the beginning of each annual period.
for the purpose of aligning to performance peers with similar complexities and portfolios, the new peer group excludes bp, royal dutch shell, and total, and includes noble energy, hess, and eog resources.
for the 2018 stock performance graph, anadarko was also presented within the prior peer group.
however, due to anadarko's acquisition by occidental completed in 2019, anadarko's performance has been excluded from all five years of the prior peer group performance.
the stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.
**new peer group: chevron; exxonmobil; apache; devon; eog resources; hess; marathon oil corporation;
item 6.
selected financial data millions of dollars except per share amounts
total assets
in 2019, we disposed of two conocophillips u.k. subsidiaries for proceeds of $2.2 billion after interest and customary adjustments.
in 2017, we disposed of assets for consideration of approximately $16 billion including our 50 percent nonoperated interest in the fccl partnership, as well as the majority of our western canada gas assets, and our interests in the san juan basin.
these factors impact the comparability of historical information.
see management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and the notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of factors that will enhance an understanding of this data.
item 7.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis is the company's analysis of its financial performance and of significant trends that may affect future performance.
it should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes, and supplemental oil and gas disclosures included elsewhere in this report.
it contains forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements relating to the company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions that are made pursuant to the "safe harbor" provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of
"would," "expect," "objective," "projection," "forecast," "goal," "guidance,"
"outlook," "effort," "target"
and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.
the company does not undertake to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking information unless required to do so under the federal securities laws.
readers are cautioned that such forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with the company's disclosures under the heading: "cautionary statement for the purposes of the
'safe harbor' provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995,"
the terms "earnings" and "loss" as used in management's discussion and analysis refer to net income (loss)
business environment and executive overview conocophillips is an independent e&p company with operations and activities in 17 countries.
our diverse, low cost of supply portfolio includes resource-rich unconventional plays in north america;
conventional assets in north america, europe, asia and australia; lng developments; oil sands in canada; and an inventory of global conventional and unconventional exploration prospects.
10,400 people worldwide and had total assets of
overview global oil prices continued to be volatile in 2019.
optimism about worldwide economic growth during the first quarter turned to pessimism in the second quarter as trade disputes dampened growth forecasts.
at the end of the second quarter, geopolitical tensions in the middle east, threatening the safe passage of supertankers carrying crude oil through the persian gulf, revived oil prices.
worldwide economic growth concerns returned in the third quarter to depress prices, only to be reversed again by geopolitical tensions in the middle east, as oilfield infrastructure in saudi arabia was attacked, temporarily disrupting approximately five percent of the world's oil supply.
our business strategy anticipates prices will remain volatile and is designed to be resilient in lower price environments, while retaining upside during periods of higher prices.
portfolio diversification and optimization, a strong balance sheet and disciplined capital investment have positioned our company to navigate through volatile energy cycles.
our value proposition principles, namely, to focus on financial returns, maintain a strong balance sheet, deliver compelling returns of capital, and expand cash flow through disciplined capital investments, are being executed in accordance with our priorities for allocating cash flows from the business.
these priorities are:
invest capital to sustain production and pay our existing dividend;
grow our existing dividend; maintain debt at a level we believe is sufficient to maintain a strong investment grade credit rating through price cycles; allocate greater than 30 percent of our net cash provided by operating activities to share repurchases and dividends;
and, invest capital in a disciplined fashion to grow our cash from operations.
we believe our commitment to our value proposition, as evidenced by the results discussed below, positions us for success in an environment of price uncertainty and ongoing volatility.
in 2019, we successfully delivered on our priorities.
we achieved production growth of five percent on a total boe basis compared with the prior year, with higher value oil volumes growing eight percent.
cash provided by operating activities of $11.1 billion exceeded capital expenditures and investments of $6.6 billion.
after repurchasing $3.5 billion of our common stock and paying $1.5 billion of dividends to shareholders, we ended the year with cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash totaling $5.4 billion and $3.0 billion of short-term investments.
in february 2020, we announced 2020 operating plan capital of $6.5 billion to $6.7 billion.
the plan includes funding for ongoing development drilling programs, major projects, exploration and appraisal activities, as well as base maintenance.
capital spend is expected to be higher in the first quarter largely from winter construction and exploration and appraisal drilling in alaska.
this guidance does not include capital for acquisitions.
key operating and financial summary significant items during 2019 included the following:
net cash provided by operating activities was $11.1 billion and exceeded capital expenditures and investments of $6.6 billion.
repurchased $3.5 billion of shares and paid $1.5 billion in dividends, representing 45 percent of net cash provided by operating activities.
underlying production, which excludes libya and the net volume impact from closed dispositions and acquisitions of 51 mboed in 2019 and 47 mboed in 2018, grew 5 percent
increased production from the lower 48 big 3 unconventionals-eagle ford, bakken and permian unconventional-by 22 percent year-over-year.
executed successful alaska appraisal program; conducted appraisal drilling and commissioned infrastructure at montney in canada.
completed lower 48, alaska and argentina acquisitions;
awarded a 20-year extension of the indonesia corridor block psc, with new terms.
generated $3 billion in disposition proceeds; entered into agreements to sell australia-west assets for $1.4
billion and niobrara for $0.4 billion, both subject to customary closing adjustments, as well as regulatory and other approvals.
reduced asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs by $2.3
billion, primarily due to closed and pending dispositions.
ended the year with cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash totaling $
5.4 billion and short-term investments of $3.0 billion.
discontinued exploration activities in the central louisiana austin chalk trend and recognized $197
operationally, we remain focused on safely executing our operating plan and maintaining capital and cost discipline.
production of 1,348 mboed increased 5 percent or 65 mboed in 2019 compared with 2018.
underlying production, which excludes libya and the net volume impact from closed dispositions and acquisitions of 51 mboed in
2019 and 47 mboed in 2018, is used to measure our ability to grow production organically.
on september 30, 2019, we completed the sale of two conocophillips u.k. subsidiaries to chrysaor e&p limited for proceeds of $2.2 billion after interest and customary adjustments.
billion before-tax and $2.1 billion after-tax gain associated with this transaction.
sold our indirectly held exploration and production assets in the u.k., including $1.8 billion of aro.
annualized average production associated with the u.k. assets sold was 50 mboed in 2019.
reserves associated with the u.k. assets sold were 84 mmboe at the time of disposition.
results of operations for the u.k. are reported within our europe and north africa segment.
in the second quarter of 2019, we completed the sale of our 30 percent interest in the greater sunrise fields to the government of timor-leste for $350 million and recognized an after-tax gain of $52 million.
no production or reserve impacts were associated with the sale.
in october 2019, we entered into an agreement to sell the subsidiaries that hold our australia-west assets and operations to santos for $1.39 billion, plus customary adjustments, with an effective date of january 1, 2019.
in addition, we will receive a payment of $75 million upon final investment decision of the barossa development project.
these subsidiaries hold our 37.5 percent interest in the barossa project and caldita field, our 56.9 percent interest in the darwin lng facility and bayu-undan field, our 40 percent interest in the greater poseidon fields, and our 50 percent interest in the athena field.
this transaction is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2020, subject to regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of other specific conditions precedent.
in 2019, production associated with the australia-west assets to be sold was 48
reserves associated with these assets were 17
percent interest in the australia pacific lng project and operatorship of that project's lng facility.
results of operations for the subsidiaries to be sold are reported within our asia pacific and middle east segment.
in the fourth quarter of 2019, we signed an agreement to sell our interests in the niobrara shale play for $380
we recorded an after-tax impairment of $296 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 to reduce the carrying value to fair value.
-end 2019 reserves associated with the niobrara assets to be sold were 14 mmboe.
this transaction is subject to regulatory approval and other conditions precedent and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2020.
the niobrara results of operations are reported within our lower 48 segment.
for more information regarding the accounting impacts of these transactions, see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
business environment brent crude oil prices averaged $64 per barrel in 2019, ranging from a low of $53 per barrel in january to a high of almost $75 per barrel in april.
the energy industry has periodically experienced this type of volatility due to fluctuating supply-and-demand conditions and such volatility may persist for the foreseeable future.
commodity prices are the most significant factor impacting our profitability and related reinvestment of operating cash flows into our business.
our strategy is to create value through price cycles by delivering on the foundational principles that underpin our value proposition;
focus on financial returns through cash flow expansion, maintain balance sheet strength and deliver peer-leading distributions.
operational and financial factors affecting profitability the focus areas we believe will drive our success through the price cycles include:
maintain a relentless focus on safety and environmental stewardship.
safety and environmental stewardship, including the operating integrity of our assets, remain our highest priorities, and we are committed to protecting the health and safety of everyone who has a role in our operations and the communities in which we operate.
we strive to conduct our business with respect and care for both the local and global environment and systematically manage risk to drive sustainable business growth.
demonstrating our commitment to sustainability and environmental stewardship, on november 2017, we announced our intention to target a 5 to 15 percent reduction in our ghg emission intensity by 2030.
in december 2018, we became a founding member of the climate leadership council (clc), an international policy institute founded in collaboration with business and
environmental interests to develop a carbon dividend plan.
participation in the clc provides another opportunity for ongoing dialogue about carbon pricing and framing the issues in alignment with our public policy principles.
we also belong to and fund americans for carbon dividends, the education and advocacy branch of the clc.
in early 2019, we issued our first stand-alone climate-related risk report and incorporated this into our website during our annual sustainability report update.
our sustainability efforts continued through 2019 with a focus on advancing our action plans for climate change, biodiversity, water and human rights.
we are committed to building a learning organization using human performance principles as we relentlessly pursue improved hse and operational performance.
focus on financial returns.
this is a core principle of our value proposition.
our goal is to achieve strong financial returns by exercising capital discipline, controlling our costs, and continually optimizing our portfolio.
o maintain capital allocation discipline.
we participate in a commodity price-driven and capital-intensive industry, with varying lead times from when an investment decision is made to the time an asset is operational and generates cash flow.
as a result, we must invest significant capital dollars to explore for new oil and gas fields, develop newly discovered fields, maintain existing fields, and construct pipelines and lng facilities.
we allocate capital across a geographically diverse, low cost of supply resource base, which combined with legacy assets results in low production decline.
cost of supply is the wti equivalent price that generates a 10 percent after-tax return on a point-forward and fully burdened basis.
fully burdened includes capital infrastructure, foreign exchange, price related inflation and g&a.
in setting our capital plans, we exercise a rigorous approach that evaluates projects using this cost of supply criteria, which should lead to value maximization and cash flow expansion using an optimized investment pace, not production growth for growth's sake.
additional capital may be allocated toward growth, but discipline will be maintained.
our cash allocation priorities call for the investment of sufficient capital to sustain production and pay the existing dividend.
in february 2020, we announced 2020 operating plan capital of $6.5 billion to $6.7 billion.
the plan includes funding for ongoing development drilling programs, major projects, exploration and appraisal activities, as well as base maintenance.
capital spend is expected to be higher in the first quarter largely from winter construction and exploration and appraisal drilling in alaska.
this guidance does not include capital for acquisitions.
o control costs and expenses.
controlling operating and overhead costs, without compromising safety and environmental stewardship, is a high priority.
we monitor these costs using various methodologies that are reported to senior management monthly, on both an absolute-
dollar basis and a per-unit basis.
managing operating and overhead costs is critical to maintaining a competitive position in our industry, particularly in a low commodity price environment.
the ability to control our operating and overhead costs impacts our ability to deliver strong cash from operations.
in 2019, our production and operating expenses were two percent higher than 2018, primarily due to costs associated with higher production volumes, which grew five percent during the same period.
o optimize our portfolio.
we continue to optimize our asset portfolio to focus on low cost of supply assets that support our strategy.
in 2019, we continued to dispose of or market certain non-core assets, including the u.k., australia-west and our niobrara assets in the lower 48.
additions to the portfolio were made in the lower
48 with bolt-on interests and acreage acquisitions, in alaska with the nuna discovery acreage acquisition, and internationally with entrance into argentina's neuquén and austral basins.
we will continue to evaluate our assets to determine whether they compete for capital within our portfolio and will optimize the portfolio as necessary, directing capital towards the most competitive investments.
we believe balance sheet strength is critical in a cyclical business such as ours.
our strong operating performance buffered by a solid balance sheet enables us to deliver on our priorities through the price cycles.
our priorities include execution of our development plans, maintaining a growing dividend, and repurchasing shares on a dollar cost average basis.
return value to shareholders.
we believe in delivering value to our shareholders via a growing, sustainable dividend supplemented by share repurchases.
combined, our dividend and repurchases represented 45 percent of our net cash provided by operating activities.
since we initiated our current share repurchase program in late 2016, we have repurchased $9.6
additionally, as of december 31, 2019, $5.4 billion of repurchase authority remained of the
billion to $25 billion, to support our plan for future share repurchases.
whether we undertake these additional repurchases is ultimately subject to numerous considerations, including market conditions and other factors.
see risk factors "our ability to declare and pay dividends and repurchase shares is subject to certain considerations."
o successful exploration, exploitation and development of new and existing fields.
o application of new technologies and processes to improve recovery from existing fields.
o purchases of increased interests in existing fields and bolt-on acquisitions.
proved reserve estimates require economic production based on historical 12-month, first-of-month, average prices and current costs.
therefore, our proved reserves generally increase as prices rise and decrease as prices decline.
reserve replacement represents the net change in proved reserves, net of production, divided by our current year production, as shown in our supplemental reserve table disclosures.
increased crude oil reserves accounted for approximately
percent of the total change in reserves. our organic reserve replacement, which excludes the impact of sales and purchases, was 117 percent in 2019.
approximately 50 percent of organic reserve additions were from lower 48 unconventional assets.
the remaining additions were evenly distributed across the other operating segments.
in the five years ended december 31, 2019, our reserve replacement was negative 34 percent, reflecting the impact of asset dispositions and lower prices during that period.
31, 2019, which excludes a decrease of 2.0 billion boe related to sales and purchases, was 40 percent, reflecting development activities as well as lower prices during that period.
historically, our reserve replacement has varied considerably year to year contingent upon the timing of major projects which may have long lead times between capital investment and production.
in the last several years, more of our capital has been allocated to short cycle time, onshore, unconventional plays.
accordingly, we believe our recent success in replacing reserves can be viewed on a trailing three-year basis.
in the three years ended december 31, 2019, our reserve replacement was 23 percent, reflecting the impact of asset dispositions during that period.
our organic reserve replacement during the three years ended december 31, 2019, which excludes a decrease of 1.8 billion boe related to sales and purchases, was 143 percent, reflecting reserve additions from development activities.
access to additional resources may become increasingly difficult as commodity prices can make projects uneconomic or unattractive.
in addition, prohibition of direct investment in some nations, national fiscal terms, political instability, competition from national oil companies, and lack of access to high-potential areas due to environmental or other regulation may negatively impact our ability to increase our reserve base.
apply technical capability.
we leverage our knowledge and technology to create value and safely deliver on our plans.
technical strength is part of our heritage and allows us to economically convert additional resources to reserves, achieve greater operating efficiencies and reduce our environmental impact.
companywide, we continue to evaluate potential solutions to leverage knowledge of technological successes across our operations.
we have embraced the digital transformation and are using digital innovations to work and operate more efficiently.
predictive analytics have been adopted in our operations and planning process.
artificial intelligence, machine learning and deep learning are being used for seismic advancements.
attract, develop and retain a talented work force.
we strive to attract, develop and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy and who support our values and ethics.
we offer university internships across multiple disciplines to attract the best early career talent.
we also recruit experienced hires to fill critical skills and maintain a broad range of expertise and experience.
we promote continued learning, development and technical training through structured development programs designed to enhance the technical and functional skills of our employees.
other factors affecting profitability other significant factors that can affect our profitability include:
energy commodity prices.
our earnings and operating cash flows generally correlate with industry price levels for crude oil and natural gas.
industry price levels are subject to factors external to the company and over which we have no control, including but not limited to global economic health, supply disruptions or fears thereof caused by civil unrest or military conflicts, actions taken by opec, environmental laws, tax regulations, governmental policies and weather-related disruptions.
the following graph depicts the average benchmark prices for wti crude oil, brent crude oil and u.s.
brent crude oil prices averaged $64.30 per barrel in 2019, a decrease of 9 percent compared with
ngl prices weakened year over year due to strong supply growth with only moderate demand growth.
our realized bitumen price increased 42 percent from $22.29 per barrel in 2018 to $31.72 per barrel in
curtailment orders imposed by the alberta government, which limited production from the province starting january 2019, provided strength to the wcs differential to wti at hardisty.
we continue to optimize bitumen price realizations through the utilization of downstream transportation solutions and implementation of alternate blend capability which results in lower diluent costs.
north america's energy supply landscape has been transformed from one of resource scarcity to one of abundance.
in recent years, the use of hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling in unconventional formations has led to increased industry actual and forecasted crude oil and natural gas production in the u.s.
and long-term growth opportunities for our company, the increased abundance of crude oil and natural gas due to development of unconventional plays could also have adverse financial implications to us, including: an extended period of low commodity prices; production curtailments;
should one or more of these events occur, our revenues would be reduced, and additional asset impairments might be possible.
we participate in a capital-intensive industry.
at times, our pp&e and investments become impaired when, for example, commodity prices decline significantly for long periods of time, our reserve estimates are revised downward, or a decision to dispose of an asset leads to a write-down to its fair value.
we may also invest large amounts of money in exploration which, if exploratory drilling proves unsuccessful, could lead to a material impairment of leasehold values.
as we optimize our assets in the future, it is reasonably possible we may incur future losses upon sale or impairment charges to long-lived assets used in operations, investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method, and unproved properties.
a sustained decline in the current and long-term outlook on gas price could affect the carrying value of certain lower 48 non-core gas assets and it is reasonably possible this could result in a future non-cash impairment.
for additional information on our impairments in 2019, 2018 and 2017, see note 9-impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
our operations are in countries with different tax rates and fiscal structures.
accordingly, even in a stable commodity price and fiscal/regulatory environment, our overall effective tax rate can vary significantly between periods based on the "mix" of before-tax earnings within our global operations.
fiscal and regulatory environment.
our operations can be affected by changing economic, regulatory and political environments in the various countries in which we operate, including the u.s.
civil unrest or strained relationships with governments may impact our operations or investments.
these changing environments could negatively impact our results of operations, and further changes to
our management carefully considers the fiscal and regulatory environment when evaluating projects or determining the levels and locations of our activity.
production guidance for 2020 excludes libya.
corporate and other represents costs not directly associated with an operating segment, such as most interest expense, premiums incurred on the early retirement of debt, corporate overhead, certain technology activities, as well as licensing revenues.
our key performance indicators, shown in the statistical tables provided at the beginning of the operating segment sections that follow, reflect results from our operations, including commodity prices and production.
results of operations this section of the form 10-k discusses year-to-year comparisons between 2019
for discussion of year-to-year comparisons between 2018 and 2017, see
"management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item
consolidated results a summary of the company's net income (loss) attributable to conocophillips by business segment follows:
a $2.1 billion after-tax gain associated with the completion of the sale of two conocophillips u.k.
subsidiaries to chrysaor e&p limited.
higher crude oil sales volumes due to growth in the lower 48 unconventionals and from the acquisition of incremental interests in operated assets in alaska during the second and fourth quarters of 2018.
a $164 million income tax benefit related to deepwater incentive tax credits recognized for malaysia block g.
million income tax benefit related to the revaluation of deferred tax assets following finalization of rules relating to the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act.
the absence of a $774 million after-tax gain on the clair disposition in the u.k.
lower equity in earnings of affiliates due to $120 million of impairments to equity method investments in our lower 48 segment and a $118 million reduction in equity earnings at qg3 in our asia pacific and middle east segment due to a deferred tax adjustment.
higher exploration expenses, primarily in our lower 48 segment due to $197 million after-tax of leasehold impairment and dry hole costs associated with our decision to discontinue exploration activities in the central louisiana austin chalk trend.
equity in earnings of affiliates decreased $295 million in 2019, primarily due to impairments of equity method investments in our lower 48 segment totaling
additionally, equity earnings decreased $118
for more information related to these items, see note 3-variable interest entities and note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
gain on dispositions increased $903 million in 2019, primarily due to a $1.7
billion before-tax gain associated with the completion of the sale of two conocophillips u.k. subsidiaries to chrysaor e&p limited.
partly offsetting this increase, was the absence of a $715 million before-tax gain on the sale of a conocophillips subsidiary to bp in 2018, which held 16.5 percent of our 24 percent interest in the bp-operated clair field in the u.k.
for additional information related to these dispositions, see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
other income increased $1,185 million in 2019, primarily due to an unrealized gain of $649 million before-tax on our cve common shares in 2019, and the absence of a $437 million before-tax unrealized loss on those shares in 2018.
for discussion of our cve shares, see note
7-investment in cenovus energy, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
purchased commodities decreased 17 percent in
$155 million in 2019, primarily due to higher costs associated with compensation and benefits, including mark to market impacts of certain key employee compensation programs, and increased facility costs.
exploration expenses increased $374 million in 2019, primarily due to higher leasehold impairment and dry hole costs, mainly in our lower 48 segment, and higher exploration g&a expenses.
$141 million before-tax leasehold impairment expense due to our decision to discontinue exploration activities in the central louisiana austin chalk trend and expensed $111 million of dry hole costs related to this play.
2019, mainly due to a $379 million before-tax impairment related to the sale of our niobrara interests in the lower 48 segment.
for additional information, see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions and note 9-impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
million before-tax expense for premiums on early debt retirements and lower pension settlement expense.
see note 19-income taxes, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for information regarding our income tax provision (benefit) and effective tax rate.
bitumen (mbd)
dollars per unit average sales prices crude oil (per bbl)
bitumen (per bbl)
we explore for, produce, transport and market crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls on a worldwide basis.
total production, including libya, of 1,348 mboed increased 65 mboed or 5 percent in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily due to:
(gka) of alaska following acquisitions closed in 2018.
higher production in norway due to drilling activity and the startup of aasta hansteen in december
disposition impacts from the u.k. and non-core asset sales in the lower 48.
2019 compared with 1,242 mboed in 2018, an increase of
underlying production, which excludes libya and the net volume impact from closed dispositions and acquisitions of 51 mboed in 2019 and 47 mboed in 2018, is used to measure our ability to grow production organically.
the alaska segment primarily explores for, produces, transports and markets crude oil, ngls and natural gas.
2019, compared with earnings of $1,814 million in 2018.
the decrease in earnings was mainly due to lower realized crude oil prices and higher production and operating and dd&a expenses associated with incremental volumes from acquisitions completed during 2018.
additionally, earnings were lower due to the absence of a $98 million tax valuation allowance reduction, the absence of a $79 million after-tax benefit resulting from an accrual reduction due to a transportation cost ruling by the ferc, and $62 million less in enhanced oil recovery credits.
partly offsetting these decreases in earnings, were higher crude oil sales volumes due to the gka and wns acquisitions completed in 2018.
average production increased 32 mboed in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily due to acquisitions at gka and wns in 2018, which provided an incremental
acquisition update in the third quarter of 2019, we completed the nuna discovery acreage acquisition for approximately
million, expanding the kuparuk river unit by
21,000 acres and leveraging legacy infrastructure.
2019, compared with $1,747 million in 2018.
earnings decreased primarily due to lower realized crude oil, ngl and natural gas prices; higher dd&a due to increased production volumes; a $301 million after-tax impairment of our niobrara assets;
higher exploration expenses, primarily due to a combined $197 million after-tax of leasehold impairment and dry hole costs associated with our decision to discontinue exploration activities in the central louisiana austin chalk; and lower earnings in equity affiliates due to a combined $120 million after-tax of impairments associated with a fair value reduction of our investment in mwcc and the disposition of our interests in the golden pass lng terminal and golden pass pipeline.
partly offsetting the decrease in earnings were increased crude oil and ngl sales volumes in the eagle ford, bakken and permian unconventional.
for additional information related to our impairment of mwcc, see note 3-variable interest entities in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
for more information related to the sale of our interests in golden pass lng terminal and golden pass pipeline, see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
total average production increased 54 mboed in 2019 compared with 2018.
the increase was primarily due to new production from unconventional assets in eagle ford, bakken and the permian basin, partly offset by normal field decline.
additionally, production decreased by 10 mboed due to non-core dispositions in 2018.
asset dispositions update in january 2019, we entered into agreements to sell our 12.4 percent ownership interests in the golden pass lng terminal and golden pass pipeline.
we have also entered into agreements to amend our contractual obligations for retaining use of the facilities.
before-tax impairment of $60 million in the first quarter of 2019 which is included in the "equity in earnings of affiliates" line on our consolidated income statement.
see note 15-fair value measurement in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
in the fourth quarter of 2019, we sold our interests in the magnolia field and platform and recognized an after-
in the fourth quarter of 2019, we signed an agreement to sell our interests in the niobrara shale play for $380
we recorded an after-tax impairment of $301 million in the fourth quarter to reduce the carrying value to fair value.
this transaction is subject to regulatory approval and other conditions precedent and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2020.
48 segment for $186 million, plus customary adjustments.
the assets met the held for sale criteria in january
2020 and the transaction is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2020.
this disposition will not have a significant impact on lower 48 production.
for additional information on these transactions, see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
bitumen (mbd)
equity affiliates
total bitumen
bitumen (dollars per bbl)*
equity affiliates
total bitumen
*average prices for sales of bitumen produced during 2018 and 2019 excludes additional value realized from the purchase and sale of third-
party volumes for optimization of our pipeline capacity between canada and the u.s. gulf coast.
our canadian operations consist of the surmont oil sands development in alberta and the liquids-rich montney unconventional play in british columbia.
canada operations reported earnings of $279 million in 2019 compared with $63 million in 2018.
earnings increased mainly due to higher realized bitumen prices, a $68 million tax benefit primarily comprised of a previously unrecognizable tax basis related to a tax settlement, lower dd&a expense due to lower rates from
reserve additions, lower production and operating expenses, and a $25 million tax benefit due to a four year phased four percent reduction in alberta's corporate income tax rate.
partly offsetting the increase in earnings were lower sales volumes due to a planned turnaround at surmont, lower production due to a mandated production curtailment imposed by the alberta government in january 2019, and the absence of an $80 million tax restructuring benefit.
total average production decreased 7 mboed in 2019 compared with 2018.
asset disposition on may 17, 2017, we completed the sale of our
50 percent nonoperated interest in the fccl partnership, as well as the majority of our western canada gas assets to cenovus energy.
consideration for the transaction was $11.0 billion in cash after customary adjustments, 208 million cenovus energy common shares and a five year uncapped contingent payment.
million cad for every $1 cad by which the wcs quarterly average crude price exceeds $52 cad per barrel.
during 2019 and 2018, we recorded after-tax gains on dispositions for these contingent payments of
see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
earnings for europe and north africa operations of $2,724 million increased $858 million in 2019 compared with 2018.
the increase in earnings was primarily due to a $2.1 billion after-tax gain associated with the completion of the sale of two conocophillips u.k. subsidiaries to chrysaor e&p limited.
earnings also increased due to the cessation of dd&a in the second quarter of 2019 for our disposed u.k. subsidiaries when these assets became held-for-sale.
disposition to chrysaor completed september 30,
average production decreased 17 mboed in 2019, compared with 2018.
the decrease was mainly due to normal field decline and a 20 mboed disposition impact from the sale of our u.k. assets to chrysaor completed september 30, 2019.
asset disposition update on september 30, 2019, we completed the sale of two conocophillips u.k. subsidiaries to chrysaor e&p limited for proceeds of $2.2 billion after interest and customary adjustments.
billion before-tax and $2.1 billion after-tax gain associated with this transaction.
together the subsidiaries sold indirectly held our exploration and production assets in the u.k., including $1.8 billion of aro.
annualized average production associated with the u.k. assets sold was 50 mboed in 2019.
reserves associated with the u.k. assets sold were 84 mmboe at the time of disposition.
for additional information, see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
equity affiliates
equity affiliates
equity affiliates
equity affiliates
equity affiliates
equity affiliates
asia pacific and middle east reported earnings of $1,929 million in 2019, compared with
lower lng and crude oil sales volumes; and lower equity in earnings of affiliates, primarily due to a deferred tax adjustment at qg3 that resulted in a $118 million reduction to equity earnings.
partly offsetting this decrease in earnings was a $164 million income tax benefit related to deepwater incentive tax credits from the malaysia block g and a $52 million after-tax gain on disposition of our interest in the greater sunrise fields.
average production increased 1 percent in 2019, compared with 2018.
the increase was primarily due to new production from malaysia, including first gas supply from kbb to pflng1 in the second quarter of 2019 and first oil from gumusut phase 2 in the third quarter of 2019;
asset dispositions update in the second quarter of 2019, we recognized an after-tax gain of $52 million upon completion of the sale of our
30 percent interest in the greater sunrise fields to the government of timor-leste for $350 million.
no production or reserve impacts were associated with the sale.
in october 2019, we entered into an agreement to sell the subsidiaries that hold our australia-west assets and operations to santos for $1.39 billion, plus customary adjustments, with an effective date of january 1, 2019.
in addition, we will receive a payment of $75 million upon final investment decision of the barossa development project.
these subsidiaries hold our 37.5 percent interest in the barossa project and caldita field, our 56.9
percent interest in the darwin lng facility and bayu-undan field, our 40 percent interest in the greater poseidon fields, and our 50 percent interest in the athena field.
this transaction is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2020, subject to regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of other specific conditions precedent.
in 2019, production associated with the australia-west assets to be sold was 48 mboed.
2019 reserves associated with these assets were
we will retain our 37.5 percent interest in the australia pacific lng project and operatorship of that project's lng facility.
see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information related to these dispositions.
the other international segment includes exploration activities in colombia, chile and argentina and contingencies associated with prior operations.
other international operations reported earnings of $263 million in 2019, compared with earnings of $364
the decrease in earnings was primarily due to the recognition of $417 million after-tax in other income related to a settlement agreement with pdvsa in 2018, compared with $317 million after-tax associated with this settlement agreement in 2019.
$0.8 billion of the $2.0 billion settlement with pdvsa.
pdvsa has defaulted on its remaining payment obligations under this agreement, we are therefore now forced to incur additional costs as we seek to recover any unpaid amounts under the agreement.
for additional information, see note 13-contingencies and commitments in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
argentina in january 2019, we secured a 50 percent nonoperated interest in the el turbio este block, within the austral basin in southern argentina.
in 2019, we acquired and processed 3-d seismic covering 500 square miles, with evaluation of the data ongoing.
in november 2019, we acquired interests in two nonoperated blocks in the neuquén basin targeting the vaca muerta play.
technology
net interest consists of interest and financing expense, net of interest income and capitalized interest.
net interest decreased $76 million in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily due to lower capitalized interest on projects; increased interest income from holding higher cash balances; and lower interest on debt expense resultant from the retirement of $4.7 billion of debt in 2018; partly offset by the absence of an accrual reduction due to a transportation cost ruling by the ferc.
corporate g&a expenses include compensation programs and staff costs.
these costs increased by $161
million in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily due to higher costs associated with compensation and benefits, including certain key employee compensation programs and higher facility costs.
technology includes our investment in new technologies or businesses, as well as licensing revenues.
activities are focused on both conventional and tight oil reservoirs, shale gas, heavy oil, oil sands, enhanced oil recovery and lng.
earnings from technology increased by $14 million in 2019 compared with
the category "other" includes certain foreign currency transaction gains and losses, environmental costs associated with sites no longer in operation, other costs not directly associated with an operating segment, premiums incurred on the early retirement of debt, unrealized holding gains or losses on equity securities, and pension settlement expense.
earnings in "other" increased by $1,776 million in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily due to an unrealized gain of $649 million after-tax on our cve common shares in
additionally, earnings increased due to the absence of $195 million in premiums on the early retirement of debt, lower pension settlement expense, and a $151 million tax benefit related to the revaluation of deferred tax assets following finalization of rules related to the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act.
see note 19-income taxes, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information related to the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act.
capital resources and liquidity financial indicators millions of dollars except as indicated
net cash provided by operating activities
total equity
percent of total debt to capital*
*capital includes total debt and total equity.
and long-term liquidity requirements, we look to a variety of funding sources, including cash generated from operating activities, proceeds from asset sales, our commercial paper and credit facility programs and our ability to sell securities using our shelf registration statement.
in 2019, the primary uses of our available cash were $6,636 million to support our ongoing capital expenditures and investments program;
$2,910 million net purchases of investments, and $1,500
we believe current cash balances and cash generated by operations, together with access to external sources of funds as described below in the "significant changes in capital" section, will be sufficient to meet our funding requirements in the near and long term, including our capital spending program, share repurchases, dividend payments and required debt payments.
our commitment to disciplined execution of these funding requirements includes cash investment strategies that position us for success in an environment of short-term price volatility as well as extended downturns in commodity prices.
the primary objectives of these cash investment strategies in priority order are to protect principal, maintain liquidity, and provide yield and total returns.
funds for short-term needs to support our operating plan and provide resiliency to react to short-term price volatility are invested in highly liquid instruments with maturities within the year.
funds we consider available to maintain resiliency in longer term price downturns and to capture opportunities outside a given operating plan may be invested in instruments with maturities greater than one year.
for additional information, see note 1-accounting policies and note
14-derivative and financial instruments.
significant changes in capital operating activities during 2019, cash provided by operating activities was $11,104 million, a 14 percent decrease from 2018.
the decrease was primarily due to lower prices, lower collections related to settlements reached with ecuador and pdvsa, and a pension contribution made in conjunction with the sale of two u.k. subsidiaries, partially offset by higher volumes.
while the stability of our cash flows from operating activities benefits from geographic diversity, our short-
and long-term operating cash flows are highly dependent upon prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls.
prices and margins in our industry have historically been volatile and are driven by market conditions over which we have no control.
absent other mitigating factors, as these prices and margins fluctuate, we would expect a corresponding change in our operating cash flows.
the level of absolute production volumes, as well as product and location mix, impacts our cash flows.
future production is subject to numerous uncertainties, including, among others, the volatile crude oil and natural gas price environment, which may impact investment decisions; the effects of price changes on production sharing and variable-
royalty contracts; acquisition and disposition of fields;
field production decline rates; new technologies;
political instability; weather-related disruptions; and the addition of proved reserves through exploratory success and their timely and cost-effective development.
while we actively manage these factors, production levels can cause variability in cash flows, although generally this variability has not been as significant as that caused by commodity prices.
increased crude oil reserves accounted for approximately
55 percent of the total change in reserves.
approximately 51 percent of organic reserve additions are from lower 48, 13 percent from alaska,
percent, reflecting the impact of asset dispositions and lower prices during that period.
percent, reflecting development activities as well as lower prices during that period.
historically our reserve replacement has varied considerably year to year contingent upon the timing of major projects which may have long lead times between capital investment and production.
in the last several years, more of our capital has been allocated to short cycle time, onshore, unconventional plays.
accordingly, we believe our recent success in replacing reserves can be viewed on a trailing three-year basis.
in the three years ended december 31, 2019, our reserve replacement was 23 percent, reflecting the impact of asset dispositions during that period.
31, 2019, which excludes a decrease of 1.8 billion boe related to sales and purchases, was 143 percent, reflecting reserve additions from development activities.
reserve replacement represents the net change in proved reserves, net of production, divided by our current year production, as shown in our supplemental reserve table disclosures. for additional information about our
2020 capital budget, see the "2020 capital budget"
section within "capital resources and liquidity"
and for additional information on proved reserves, including both developed and undeveloped reserves, see the
as discussed in the "critical accounting estimates"
section, engineering estimates of proved reserves are imprecise; therefore, each year reserves may be revised upward or downward due to the impact of changes in commodity prices or as more technical data becomes available on reservoirs.
we have reported revisions as increases to reserves in the current period, however in prior periods, reported revisions as decreases to reserves. it is not possible to reliably predict how revisions will impact reserve quantities in the future.
investing activities proceeds from asset sales in 2019 were $3.0 billion.
subsidiaries to chrysaor e&p limited for $2.2
we also completed the sale of several assets including our 30 percent interest in the greater sunrise fields for $350 million and received $106 million of contingent payments from cenovus energy.
in the fourth quarter of 2019, we entered into an agreement to sell the subsidiaries that hold our australia-west assets and operations to santos for $1.39 billion, plus customary adjustments.
in addition, we will receive a payment of $75 million upon final investment decision of the barossa development project.
quarter of 2019, we signed an agreement to sell our interests in the niobrara shale play for $380 million, plus customary adjustments, and overriding royalty interests in certain future wells.
both transactions are subject to regulatory approval and other conditions precedent and expected to close in the first quarter of 2020.
investing activities in 2019 also included net purchases of $2.9 billion of investments in short-term and long-
term financial instruments. these investments include time deposits, commercial paper as well as debt securities classified as available for sale.
the investment in short-term instruments was $2.8 billion, the remaining $0.1 billion was invested in long-term debt securities.
for additional information, see note 14-
derivative and financial instruments.
we completed several undeveloped acreage transactions in our lower 48 segment for a total of $267 million after customary adjustments and another transaction in our lower 48 segment for $112 million after customary adjustments.
we completed the sale of our interests in the barnett to lime rock resources for $196 million after customary adjustments.
for additional information on our dispositions, see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
commercial paper and credit facilities we have a revolving credit facility totaling $6.0 billion, expiring in may 2023.
our revolving credit facility may be used for direct bank borrowings, the issuance of letters of credit totaling up to $500 million, or as support for our commercial paper program.
the revolving credit facility is broadly syndicated among financial institutions and does not contain any material adverse change provisions or any covenants requiring maintenance of specified financial ratios or credit ratings.
the facility agreement contains a cross-default provision relating to the failure to pay principal or interest on other debt obligations of $200 million or more by conocophillips, or any of its consolidated subsidiaries.
credit facility borrowings may bear interest at a margin above rates offered by certain designated banks in the london interbank market or at a margin above the overnight federal funds rate or prime rates offered by certain designated banks in the u.s.
the agreement calls for commitment fees on available, but unused, amounts.
the agreement also contains early termination rights if our current directors or their approved successors cease to be a majority of the board of directors.
the revolving credit facility supports the conocophillips company $6.0 billion commercial paper program, which is primarily a funding source for short-term working capital needs.
commercial paper maturities are generally limited to 90 days.
we had no direct outstanding borrowings or letters of credit under the revolving credit facility at december 31, 2019 and december
since we had no commercial paper outstanding and had issued no letters of credit, we had access to
$6.0 billion in borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility at december 31, 2019.
our current long-term debt ratings remained unchanged in 2019 and are as follows:
fitch - "a" with a "stable"
outlook; moody's investors services - "a3" with a "stable" outlook; and standard & poor's - "a" with a stable outlook.
we do not have any ratings triggers on any of our corporate debt that would cause an automatic default, and thereby impact our access to liquidity, in the event of a downgrade of our credit rating.
if our credit rating were downgraded, it could increase the cost of corporate debt available to us and restrict our access to the commercial paper markets.
if our credit rating were to deteriorate to a level prohibiting us from accessing the commercial paper market, we would still be able to access funds under our revolving credit facility.
certain of our project-related contracts, commercial contracts and derivative instruments contain provisions requiring us to post collateral.
many of these contracts and instruments permit us to post either cash or letters
of credit as collateral.
at december 31, 2019 and 2018, we had direct bank letters of credit of $277 million and $323 million, respectively, which secured performance obligations related to various purchase commitments incident to the ordinary conduct of business.
in the event of credit ratings downgrades, we may be required to post additional letters of credit.
shelf registration we have a universal shelf registration statement on file with the sec under which we, as a well-known seasoned issuer, have the ability to issue and sell an indeterminate amount of various types of debt and equity securities.
off-balance sheet arrangements as part of our normal ongoing business operations and consistent with normal industry practice, we enter into numerous agreements with other parties to pursue business opportunities, which share costs and apportion risks among the parties as governed by the agreements.
for information about guarantees, see note 12-guarantees, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated herein by reference.
capital requirements for information about our capital expenditures and investments, see the "capital expenditures"
for more information on debt, see note 11-debt, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the dividend was paid on march 1, 2019, to stockholders of record at the close of business on february 11, 2019.
the dividend was paid on june 3, 2019, to stockholders of record at the close of business on may 13,
the dividend was paid on september 3, 2019, to stockholders of record at the close of business on july 22, 2019.
the dividend was paid on december 2, 2019, to stockholders of record at the close of business on october 17, 2019.
in february 2020, we announced a quarterly dividend of $0.42 per share, payable march 2, 2020, to stockholders of record at the close of business on february 14, 2020.
in late 2016, we initiated our current share repurchase program.
in february 2020, we announced that the board of directors approved an increase to our authorization from $15 billion to $25 billion, to support our plan for future share repurchases.
whether we undertake these additional repurchases is ultimately subject to numerous considerations, market conditions and other factors.
see risk factors -"our ability to declare and pay dividends and repurchase shares is subject to certain considerations."
other long-term liabilities pension and postretirement benefit contributions (e)
accrued environmental costs (g)
unrecognized tax benefits (h)
includes $204 million of net unamortized premiums, discounts and debt issuance costs.
debt, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
see note 17-non-mineral leases, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
see note 17-non-mineral leases, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
represents any agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding and that specifies all significant terms, presented on an undiscounted basis.
does not include purchase commitments for jointly owned fields and facilities where we are not the operator.
the majority of the purchase obligations are market-based contracts related to our commodity business.
product purchase commitments with third parties totaled $2,426 million.
purchase obligations of $5,111 million are related to agreements to access and utilize the capacity of third-party equipment and facilities, including pipelines and lng and product terminals, to transport, process, treat and store commodities.
the remainder is primarily our net share of purchase commitments for materials and services for jointly owned fields and facilities where we are the operator.
represents contributions to qualified and nonqualified pension and postretirement benefit plans for the years 2020 through 2024.
for additional information related to expected benefit payments subsequent to
2024, see note 18-employee benefit plans, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
represents estimated discounted costs to retire and remove long-lived assets at the end of their operations.
represents estimated costs for accrued environmental expenditures presented on a discounted basis for costs acquired in various business combinations and an undiscounted basis for all other accrued environmental costs.
excludes unrecognized tax benefits of $1,095
million because the ultimate disposition and timing of any payments to be made with regard to such amounts are not reasonably estimable.
although unrecognized tax benefits are not a contractual obligation, they are presented in this table because they represent potential demands on our liquidity.
capital expenditures and investments millions of dollars
capital program
our capital expenditures and investments for the three-year period ended december 31,
the 2019 expenditures supported key exploration and developments, primarily:
development, appraisal and exploration activities in the lower 48, including eagle ford, permian unconventional, and bakken.
appraisal and development activities in alaska related to the western north slope; development activities in the greater kuparuk area and the greater prudhoe area; leasehold acquisition in the greater kuparuk area.
development activities across assets in norway, as well as for assets in the u.k. that recently have been sold.
optimization of oil sands development and appraisal activities in liquids-rich plays in canada.
signature bonus for indonesia corridor block production sharing contract, as well as continued development in china, malaysia, australia, and indonesia.
2020 capital budget in february 2020, we announced 2020 operating plan capital of $6.5 billion to $6.7 billion.
the plan includes funding for ongoing development drilling programs, major projects, exploration and appraisal activities, as well as base maintenance.
capital spend is expected to be higher in the first quarter largely from winter construction and exploration and appraisal drilling in alaska.
this guidance does not include capital for acquisitions.
for information on puds and the associated costs to develop these reserves, see the "oil and gas operations"
contingencies a number of lawsuits involving a variety of claims arising in the ordinary course of business have been filed against conocophillips.
we also may be required to remove or mitigate the effects on the environment of the placement, storage, disposal or release of certain chemical, mineral and petroleum substances at various active
and inactive sites.
we regularly assess the need for accounting recognition or disclosure of these contingencies.
liability when the loss is probable and the amount is reasonably estimable.
if a range of amounts can be reasonably estimated and no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, then the minimum of the range is accrued.
we do not reduce these liabilities for potential insurance or third-party recoveries.
if applicable, we accrue receivables for probable insurance or other third-party recoveries.
with respect to income tax-related contingencies, we use a cumulative probability-weighted loss accrual in cases where sustaining a tax position is less than certain.
based on currently available information, we believe it is remote that future costs related to known contingent liability exposures will exceed current accruals by an amount that would have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements.
for information on other contingencies, see
"critical accounting estimates" and note 13-contingencies and commitments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
legal and tax matters we are subject to various lawsuits and claims including but not limited to matters involving oil and gas royalty and severance tax payments, gas measurement and valuation methods, contract disputes, environmental damages, climate change, personal injury, and property damage.
our primary exposures for such matters relate to alleged royalty and tax underpayments on certain federal, state and privately owned properties and claims of alleged environmental contamination from historic operations.
our legal organization applies its knowledge, experience and professional judgment to the specific characteristics of our cases, employing a litigation management process to manage and monitor the legal proceedings against us.
our process facilitates the early evaluation and quantification of potential exposures in individual cases.
this process also enables us to track those cases that have been scheduled for trial and/or mediation.
based on professional judgment and experience in using these litigation management tools and available information about current developments in all our cases, our legal organization regularly assesses the adequacy of current accruals and determines if adjustment of existing accruals, or establishment of new accruals, is required.
see note 19-income taxes, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information about income tax-related contingencies.
environmental we are subject to the same numerous international, federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations as other companies in our industry.
the most significant of these environmental laws and regulations include, among others, the:
european union regulation for registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemicals
u.s. federal comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act
(cercla or superfund), which imposes liability on generators, transporters and arrangers of hazardous substances at sites where hazardous substance releases have occurred or are threatening to occur.
u.s. federal resource conservation and recovery act (rcra), which governs the treatment, storage and disposal of solid waste.
u.s. federal oil pollution act of 1990 (opa90), under which owners and operators of onshore facilities and pipelines, lessees or permittees of an area in which an offshore facility is located, and owners and operators of vessels are liable for removal costs and damages that result from a discharge of oil into navigable waters of the u.s.
u.s. federal emergency planning and community right-to-know act (epcra), which requires facilities to report toxic chemical inventories with local emergency planning committees and response departments.
waters and impose liability for the cost of pollution cleanup resulting from operations, as well as potential liability for pollution damages.
these laws and their implementing regulations set limits on emissions and, in the case of discharges to water, establish water quality limits and establish standards and impose obligations for the remediation of releases of hazardous substances and hazardous wastes.
they also, in most cases, require permits in association with new or modified operations.
these permits can require an applicant to collect substantial information in connection with the application process, which can be expensive and time consuming.
in addition, there can be delays associated with notice and comment periods and the agency's processing of the application.
many of the delays associated with the permitting process are beyond the control of the applicant.
many states and foreign countries where we operate also have, or are developing, similar environmental laws and regulations governing these same types of activities.
while similar, in some cases these regulations may impose additional, or more stringent, requirements that can add to the cost and difficulty of marketing or transporting products across state and international borders.
the ultimate financial impact arising from environmental laws and regulations is neither clearly known nor easily determinable as new standards, such as air emission standards and water quality standards, continue to evolve.
however, environmental laws and regulations, including those that may arise to address concerns about global climate change, are expected to continue to have an increasing impact on our operations in the u.s. and in other countries in which we operate.
notable areas of potential impacts include air emission compliance and remediation obligations in the u.s. and canada.
an example is the use of hydraulic fracturing, an essential completion technique that facilitates production of oil and natural gas otherwise trapped in lower permeability rock formations.
a range of local, state, federal or national laws and regulations currently govern hydraulic fracturing operations, with hydraulic fracturing currently prohibited in some jurisdictions.
although hydraulic fracturing has been conducted for many decades, a number of new laws, regulations and permitting requirements are under consideration by various state environmental agencies, and others which could result in increased costs, operating restrictions, operational delays and/or limit the ability to develop oil and natural gas resources.
governmental restrictions on hydraulic fracturing could impact the overall profitability or viability of certain of our oil and natural gas investments.
we have adopted operating principles that incorporate established industry standards designed to meet or exceed government requirements.
our practices continually evolve as technology improves and regulations change.
we also are subject to certain laws and regulations relating to environmental remediation obligations associated with current and past operations.
longer-term expenditures are subject to considerable uncertainty and may fluctuate significantly.
we occasionally receive requests for information or notices of potential liability from the epa and state environmental agencies alleging we are a potentially responsible party under cercla or an equivalent state statute.
on occasion, we also have been made a party to cost recovery litigation by those agencies or by private parties.
these requests, notices and lawsuits assert potential liability for remediation costs at various sites that typically are not owned by us, but allegedly contain wastes attributable to our past operations.
as of december 31, 2019, there were 15 sites around the u.s. in which we were identified as a potentially responsible party under cercla and comparable state laws.
for most superfund sites, our potential liability will be significantly less than the total site remediation costs because the percentage of waste attributable to us, versus that attributable to all other potentially responsible
although liability of those potentially responsible is generally joint and several for federal sites and frequently so for state sites, other potentially responsible parties at sites where we are a party typically have had the financial strength to meet their obligations, and where they have not, or where potentially responsible parties could not be located, our share of liability has not increased materially.
many of the sites at which we are potentially responsible are still under investigation by the epa or the state agencies concerned.
prior to actual cleanup, those potentially responsible normally assess site conditions, apportion responsibility and determine the appropriate remediation.
in some instances, we may have no liability or attain a settlement of liability.
actual cleanup costs generally occur after the parties obtain epa or equivalent state agency approval.
there are relatively few sites where we are a major participant, and given the timing and amounts of anticipated expenditures, neither the cost of remediation at those sites nor such costs at all cercla sites, in the aggregate, is expected to have a material adverse effect on our competitive or financial condition.
expensed environmental costs were $511 million in 2019 and are expected to be about $545 million per year in 2020 and 2021.
capitalized environmental costs were $194 million in 2019 and are expected to be about
accrued liabilities for remediation activities are not reduced for potential recoveries from insurers or other third parties and are not discounted (except those assumed in a purchase business combination, which we do record on a discounted basis).
many of these liabilities result from cercla, rcra and similar state or international laws that require us to undertake certain investigative and remedial activities at sites where we conduct, or once conducted, operations or at sites where conocophillips-generated waste was disposed.
the accrual also includes a number of sites we identified that may require environmental remediation, but which are not currently the subject of cercla, rcra or other agency enforcement activities.
the laws that require or address environmental remediation may apply retroactively and regardless of fault, the legality of the original activities or the current ownership or control of sites.
if applicable, we accrue receivables for probable insurance or other third-party recoveries.
in the future, we may incur significant costs under both cercla and rcra.
remediation activities vary substantially in duration and cost from site to site, depending on the mix of unique site characteristics, evolving remediation technologies, diverse regulatory agencies and enforcement policies, and the presence or absence of potentially liable third parties.
therefore, it is difficult to develop reasonable estimates of future site remediation costs.
at december 31, 2019, our balance sheet included total accrued environmental costs of
$171 million, compared with $178 million at december 31,
2018, for remediation activities in the u.s. and canada.
we expect to incur a substantial amount of these expenditures within the next 30 years.
notwithstanding any of the foregoing, and as with other companies engaged in similar businesses, environmental costs and liabilities are inherent concerns in our operations and products, and there can be no assurance that material costs and liabilities will not be incurred.
however, we currently do not expect any material adverse effect upon our results of operations or financial position as a result of compliance with current environmental laws and regulations.
climate change continuing political and social attention to the issue of global climate change has resulted in a broad range of proposed or promulgated state, national and international laws focusing on ghg reduction.
laws in this field continue to evolve, and while it is not possible to accurately estimate either a timetable for implementation or our future compliance costs relating to implementation, such laws, if enacted, could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
examples of legislation or precursors for possible regulation that do or could affect our operations include:
our cost of compliance with the eu ets in 2019
was approximately $8 million before-tax.
the alberta carbon competitiveness incentive regulation (ccir) requires any existing facility with emissions equal to or greater than 100,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide, or equivalent, per year to meet an industry benchmark intensity.
549 u.s. 497, 127 s.ct. 1438 (2007), confirmed that the epa has the authority to regulate carbon dioxide as an "air pollutant"
the u.s. epa's announcement on march 29, 2010 (published as "interpretation of regulations that determine pollutants covered by clean air act permitting programs," 75 fed. reg. 17004 (april
based claims for damages, and may result in longer agency review time for development projects.
the u.s. epa's announcement on january 14, 2015, outlining a series of steps it plans to take to address methane and smog-forming volatile organic compound emissions from the oil and gas industry.
the former u.s. administration established a goal of reducing the 2012 levels in methane emissions from the oil and gas industry by 40
our cost of compliance with norwegian carbon tax legislation in 2019 was approximately $30 million (net share before-tax).
we also incur a carbon tax for emissions from fossil fuel combustion in our british columbia and alberta operations totaling just over $0.8 million (net share before-tax).
st conference of the parties to the united nations framework on climate change, setting out a new process for achieving global emission reductions.
while the u.s. announced its intention to withdraw from the paris agreement, there is no guarantee that the commitments made by the u.s. will not be implemented, in whole or in part, by u.s. state and local governments or by major corporations headquartered in the u.s.
in the u.s., some additional form of regulation may be forthcoming in the future at the federal and state levels with respect to ghg emissions.
such regulation could take any of several forms that may result in the creation of additional costs in the form of taxes, the restriction of output, investments of capital to maintain compliance with laws and regulations, or required acquisition or trading of emission allowances.
we are working to continuously improve operational and energy efficiency through resource and energy conservation throughout our operations.
compliance with changes in laws and regulations that create a ghg tax, emission trading scheme or ghg reduction policies could significantly increase our costs, reduce demand for fossil energy derived products, impact the cost and availability of capital and increase our exposure to litigation.
such laws and regulations could also increase demand for less carbon intensive energy sources, including natural gas.
the ultimate impact on our financial performance, either positive or negative, will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to:
the price placed on ghg emissions (either by the market or through a tax).
the price and availability of offsets.
the amount and allocation of allowances.
technological and scientific developments leading to new products or services.
any potential significant physical effects of climate change (such as increased severe weather events, changes in sea levels and changes in temperature).
whether, and the extent to which, increased compliance costs are ultimately reflected in the prices of our products and services.
the company has responded by putting in place a sustainable development risk management standard covering the assessment and registering of significant and high sustainable development risks based on their consequence and likelihood of occurrence.
we have developed a company-wide climate change action plan with the goal of tracking mitigation activities for each climate-related risk included in the corporate sustainable development risk register.
the risks addressed in our climate change action plan fall into four broad categories:
ghg emissions management.
physical climate-related impacts.
scope 1 and scope 2 ghg emissions help us understand climate transition risk.
scope 1 emissions are direct ghg emissions from sources that we own or control.
scope 2 emissions are ghg emissions from the generation of purchased electricity or steam that we consume.
our corporate authorization process requires all qualifying projects to run a ghg pricing sensitivity using a corporate price of $40 per tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent, plus annual inflation, for all scope 1 and scope
projects in jurisdictions with existing ghg pricing regimes must incorporate that existing ghg price and its forecast into their base case economics.
$40 per tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent sensitivity must also be run from 2024 onward.
thus, both existing and emerging regulatory requirements are considered in our decision-making.
the company does not use an estimated market cost of ghg emissions when assessing reserves in jurisdictions without existing ghg regulations.
in december 2018, we became a founding member of the clc, an international policy institute founded in collaboration with business and environmental interests to develop a carbon dividend plan.
participation in the clc provides another opportunity for ongoing dialogue about carbon pricing and framing the issues in alignment with our public policy principles.
we also belong to and fund americans for carbon dividends, the education and advocacy branch of the clc.
in 2017 and 2018, cities, counties, and a state government in california, new york, washington, rhode island and maryland, as well as the pacific coast federation of fishermen's association, inc., have filed lawsuits against oil and gas companies, including conocophillips, seeking compensatory damages and equitable relief to abate alleged climate change impacts.
conocophillips is vigorously defending against these lawsuits.
the lawsuits brought by the cities of san francisco, oakland and new york have been dismissed by the district courts and appeals are pending.
lawsuits filed by other cities and counties in california and washington are currently stayed pending resolution of the appeals brought by the cities of san francisco and oakland to the u.s. court of appeals for the ninth circuit.
lawsuits filed in maryland and rhode island are proceeding in state court while rulings in those matters, on the issue of whether the matters should proceed in state or federal court, are on appeal to the u.s. court of appeals for the fourth circuit and first circuit, respectively.
several louisiana parishes and individual landowners have filed lawsuits against oil and gas companies, including conocophillips, seeking compensatory damages in connection with historical oil and gas operations in louisiana.
all parish lawsuits are stayed pending an appeal to the fifth circuit court of appeals on the issue of whether they will proceed in federal or state court.
conocophillips will vigorously defend against these lawsuits.
other we have deferred tax assets related to certain accrued liabilities, loss carryforwards and credit carryforwards.
valuation allowances have been established to reduce these deferred tax assets to an amount that will, more likely than not, be realized.
based on our historical taxable income, our expectations for the future, and available tax-planning strategies, management expects the net deferred tax assets will be realized as offsets to reversing deferred tax liabilities.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to select appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.
see note 1-accounting policies, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for descriptions of our major accounting policies.
certain of these accounting policies involve judgments and uncertainties to such an extent there is a reasonable likelihood materially different amounts would have been reported under different conditions, or if different assumptions had been used.
these critical accounting estimates are discussed with the audit and finance committee of the board of directors at least annually.
we believe the following discussions of critical accounting estimates, along with the discussion of deferred tax asset valuation allowances in this report, address all important accounting areas where the nature of accounting estimates or assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change.
oil and gas accounting accounting for oil and gas exploratory activity is subject to special accounting rules unique to the oil and gas industry.
the acquisition of geological and geophysical seismic information, prior to the discovery of proved reserves, is expensed as incurred, similar to accounting for research and development costs.
however, leasehold acquisition costs and exploratory well costs are capitalized on the balance sheet pending determination of whether proved oil and gas reserves have been recognized.
property acquisition costs for individually significant leaseholds, management periodically assesses for impairment based on exploration and drilling efforts to date.
for relatively small individual leasehold acquisition costs, management exercises judgment and determines a percentage probability that the prospect ultimately will fail to find proved oil and gas reserves and pools that leasehold information with others in the geographic area.
for prospects in areas with limited, or no, previous exploratory drilling, the percentage probability of ultimate failure is normally judged to be quite high.
this judgmental percentage is multiplied by the leasehold acquisition cost, and that product is divided by the contractual period of the leasehold to determine a periodic leasehold impairment charge that is reported in exploration expense.
this judgmental probability percentage is reassessed and adjusted throughout the contractual period of the leasehold based on favorable or unfavorable exploratory activity on the leasehold or on adjacent leaseholds, and leasehold impairment amortization expense is adjusted prospectively.
at year-end 2019, the remaining $3.5 billion of net capitalized unproved property costs consisted primarily of individually significant leaseholds, mineral rights held in perpetuity by title ownership, exploratory wells currently being drilled, suspended exploratory wells, and capitalized interest.
$2.1 billion is concentrated in 10 major development areas, the majority of which are not expected to move to proved properties in 2020, and $0.6 billion is held for sale.
management periodically assesses individually
significant leaseholds for impairment based on the results of exploration and drilling efforts and the outlook for commercialization.
exploratory costs for exploratory wells, drilling costs are temporarily capitalized, or "suspended," on the balance sheet, pending a determination of whether potentially economic oil and gas reserves have been discovered by the drilling effort to justify development.
if exploratory wells encounter potentially economic quantities of oil and gas, the well costs remain capitalized on the balance sheet as long as sufficient progress assessing the reserves and the economic and operating viability of the project is being made.
the accounting notion of "sufficient progress" is a judgmental area, but the accounting rules do prohibit continued capitalization of suspended well costs on the expectation future market conditions will improve or new technologies will be found that would make the development economically profitable.
often, the ability to move into the development phase and record proved reserves is dependent on obtaining permits and government or co-venturer approvals, the timing of which is ultimately beyond our control.
exploratory well costs remain suspended as long as we are actively pursuing such approvals and permits, and believe they will be obtained.
once all required approvals and permits have been obtained, the projects are moved into the development phase, and the oil and gas reserves are designated as proved reserves.
for complex exploratory discoveries, it is not unusual to have exploratory wells remain suspended on the balance sheet for several years while we perform additional appraisal drilling and seismic work on the potential oil and gas field or while we seek government or co-venturer approval of development plans or seek environmental permitting.
once a determination is made the well did not encounter potentially economic oil and gas quantities, the well costs are expensed as a dry hole and reported in exploration expense.
management reviews suspended well balances quarterly, continuously monitors the results of the additional appraisal drilling and seismic work, and expenses the suspended well costs as a dry hole when it determines the potential field does not warrant further investment in the near term.
criteria utilized in making this determination include evaluation of the reservoir characteristics and hydrocarbon properties, expected development costs, ability to apply existing technology to produce the reserves, fiscal terms, regulations or contract negotiations, and our expected return on investment.
at year-end 2019, total suspended well costs were $1,020 million, compared with $856 million at year-end
for additional information on suspended wells, including an aging analysis, see note 8-suspended wells and other exploration expenses, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
proved reserves engineering estimates of the quantities of proved reserves are inherently imprecise and represent only approximate amounts because of the judgments involved in developing such information.
reserve estimates are based on geological and engineering assessments of in-place hydrocarbon volumes, the production plan, historical extraction recovery and processing yield factors, installed plant operating capacity and approved operating limits.
the reliability of these estimates at any point in time depends on both the quality and quantity of the technical and economic data and the efficiency of extracting and processing the hydrocarbons.
despite the inherent imprecision in these engineering estimates, accounting rules require disclosure of
"proved" reserve estimates due to the importance of these estimates to better understand the perceived value and future cash flows of a company's operations.
there are several authoritative guidelines regarding the engineering criteria that must be met before estimated reserves can be designated as "proved."
our geosciences and reservoir engineering organization has policies and procedures in place consistent with these authoritative guidelines.
we have trained and experienced internal engineering personnel who estimate our proved reserves held by consolidated companies, as well as our share of equity affiliates.
proved reserve estimates are adjusted annually in the fourth quarter and during the year if significant changes occur, and take into account recent production and subsurface information about each field.
also, as required by current authoritative guidelines, the estimated future date when an asset will be permanently shut down for economic reasons is based on 12-month average prices and current costs.
therefore, as prices and cost levels change from year to year, the estimate of proved reserves also changes.
our proved reserves include estimated quantities related to pscs, reported under the "economic interest"
method, as well as variable-royalty regimes, and are subject to fluctuations in commodity prices; recoverable operating expenses; and capital costs.
if costs remain stable, reserve quantities attributable to recovery of costs will change inversely to changes in commodity prices.
the estimation of proved developed reserves also is important to the income statement because the proved developed reserve estimate for a field serves as the denominator in the unit-of-production calculation of the dd&a of the capitalized costs for that asset.
at year-end 2019, the net book value of productive pp&e subject to a unit-of-production calculation was approximately $35 billion and the dd&a recorded on these assets in 2019 was approximately $5.8 billion.
the estimated proved developed reserves for our consolidated operations were 3.3 billion boe at the end of 2018 and 3.2
if the estimates of proved reserves used in the unit-of-production calculations had been lower by 10 percent across all calculations, before-tax dd&a in 2019
impairments long-lived assets used in operations are assessed for impairment whenever changes in facts and circumstances indicate a possible significant deterioration in future cash flows expected to be generated by an asset group and annually in the fourth quarter following updates to corporate planning assumptions.
if there is an indication the carrying amount of an asset may not be recovered, the asset is monitored by management through an established process where changes to significant assumptions such as prices, volumes and future development plans are reviewed.
if, upon review, the sum of the undiscounted before-tax cash flows is less than the carrying value of the asset group, the carrying value is written down to estimated fair value.
individual assets are grouped for impairment purposes based on a judgmental assessment of the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets-generally on a
field-by-field basis for e&p assets.
because there usually is a lack of quoted market prices for long-lived assets, the fair value of impaired assets is typically determined based on the present values of expected future cash flows using discount rates believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants, or based on a multiple of operating cash flow validated with historical market transactions of similar assets where possible.
the expected future cash flows used for impairment reviews and related fair value calculations are based on judgmental assessments of future production volumes, commodity prices, operating costs and capital decisions, considering all available information at the date of review.
see note 9-impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method are reviewed for impairment when there is evidence of a loss in value and annually following updates to corporate planning assumptions.
such evidence of a loss in value might include our inability to recover the carrying amount, the lack of sustained earnings capacity which would justify the current investment amount, or a current fair value less than the investment's carrying amount.
when it is determined such a loss in value is other than temporary, an impairment charge is recognized for the difference between the investment's carrying value and its estimated fair value.
when determining whether a decline in value is other than temporary, management considers factors such as the length of time and extent of the decline, the investee's financial condition and near-term prospects, and our ability and intention to retain our investment for a period that will be sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in the market value of the investment.
since quoted market prices are usually not available, the fair value is typically based on the present value of expected future cash flows using discount rates believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants, plus market analysis of comparable assets owned by the investee, if appropriate.
differing assumptions could affect the timing and the amount of an impairment of an investment in any period.
see the "aplng" section of note 6-investments, loans and long-term receivables, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional
information.
asset retirement obligations and environmental costs under various contracts, permits and regulations, we have material legal obligations to remove tangible equipment and restore the land or seabed at the end of operations at operational sites.
our largest asset removal obligations involve plugging and abandonment of wells, removal and disposal of offshore oil and gas platforms around the world, as well as oil and gas production facilities and pipelines in alaska.
the fair values of obligations for dismantling and removing these facilities are recorded as a liability and an increase to pp&e at the time of installation of the asset based on estimated discounted costs.
estimating future asset removal costs is difficult.
most of these removal obligations are many years, or decades, in the future and the contracts and regulations often have vague descriptions of what removal practices and criteria must be met when the removal event actually occurs.
asset removal technologies and costs, regulatory and other compliance considerations, expenditure timing, and other inputs into valuation of the obligation, including discount and inflation rates, are also subject to change.
normally, changes in asset removal obligations are reflected in the income statement as increases or decreases to dd&a over the remaining life of the assets.
however, for assets at or nearing the end of their operations, as well as previously sold assets for which we retained the asset removal obligation, an increase in the asset removal obligation can result in an immediate charge to earnings, because any increase in pp&e due to the increased obligation would immediately be subject to impairment, due to the low fair value of these properties.
in addition to asset removal obligations, under the above or similar contracts, permits and regulations, we have certain environmental-related projects.
these are primarily related to remediation activities required by canada and various states within the u.s. at exploration and production sites.
future environmental remediation costs are difficult to estimate because they are subject to change due to such factors as the uncertain magnitude of cleanup costs, the unknown time and extent of such remedial actions that may be required, and the determination of our liability in proportion to that of other responsible parties.
10-asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
projected benefit obligations determination of the projected benefit obligations for our defined benefit pension and postretirement plans are important to the recorded amounts for such obligations on the balance sheet and to the amount of benefit expense in the income statement.
the actuarial determination of projected benefit obligations and company contribution requirements involves judgment about uncertain future events, including estimated retirement dates, salary levels at retirement, mortality rates, lump-sum election rates, rates of return on plan assets, future health care cost-trend rates, and rates of utilization of health care services by retirees.
due to the specialized nature of these calculations, we engage outside actuarial firms to assist in the determination of these projected benefit obligations and company contribution requirements.
for employee retirement income security act-
governed pension plans, the actuary exercises fiduciary care on behalf of plan participants in the determination of the judgmental assumptions used in determining required company contributions into the plans.
due to differing objectives and requirements between financial accounting rules and the pension plan funding regulations promulgated by governmental agencies, the actuarial methods and assumptions for the two purposes differ in certain important respects.
ultimately, we will be required to fund all vested benefits under pension and postretirement benefit plans not funded by plan assets or investment returns, but the judgmental assumptions used in the actuarial calculations significantly affect periodic financial statements and funding patterns over time.
projected benefit obligations are particularly sensitive to the discount rate assumption.
100 basis-point decrease in the discount rate assumption would increase projected benefit obligations by
benefit expense is sensitive to the discount rate and return on plan assets assumptions.
100 basis-point decrease in the discount rate assumption would increase annual benefit expense by
$100 million, while a 100 basis-point decrease in the return on plan assets assumption would increase annual benefit expense by $60 million.
in determining the discount rate, we use yields on high-quality fixed income investments matched to the estimated benefit cash flows of our plans.
we are also exposed to the possibility
that lump sum retirement benefits taken from pension plans during the year could exceed the total of service and interest components of annual pension expense and trigger accelerated recognition of a portion of unrecognized net actuarial losses and gains.
these benefit payments are based on decisions by plan participants and are therefore difficult to predict.
in the event there is a significant reduction in the expected years of future service of present employees or the elimination of the accrual of defined benefits for some or all of their future services for a significant number of employees, we could recognize a curtailment gain or loss.
see note 18-employee benefit plans, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
contingencies a number of claims and lawsuits are made against the company arising in the ordinary course of business.
management exercises judgment related to accounting and disclosure of these claims which includes losses, damages, and underpayments associated with environmental remediation, tax, contracts, and other legal disputes.
as we learn new facts concerning contingencies, we reassess our position both with respect to amounts recognized and disclosed considering changes to the probability of additional losses and potential exposure.
however, actual losses can and do vary from estimates for a variety of reasons including legal, arbitration, or other third-party decisions; settlement discussions; evaluation of scope of damages;
interpretation of regulatory or contractual terms;
expected timing of future actions; and proportion of liability shared with other responsible parties.
estimated future costs related to contingencies are subject to change as events evolve and as additional information becomes available during the administrative and litigation processes.
for additional information on contingent liabilities, see the "contingencies" section within "capital resources and liquidity" and note 13-contingencies and commitments.
cautionary statement for the purposes of the "safe harbor"
provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
this report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of
1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934.
all statements other than statements of historical fact included or incorporated by reference in this report, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected revenues, projected costs and plans, and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements.
examples of forward-looking statements contained in this report include our expected production growth and outlook on the business environment generally, our expected capital budget and capital expenditures, and discussions concerning future dividends.
you can often identify our forward-looking statements by the words "anticipate,"
"projection," "forecast," "goal," "guidance," "outlook,"
"effort," "target" and similar expressions.
we based the forward-looking statements on our current expectations, estimates and projections about ourselves and the industries in which we operate in general.
we caution you these statements are not guarantees of future performance as they involve assumptions that, while made in good faith, may prove to be incorrect, and involve risks and uncertainties we cannot predict.
in addition, we based many of these forward-
accordingly, our actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what we have expressed or forecast in the forward-
any differences could result from a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the following:
fluctuations in crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls prices, including a prolonged decline in these prices relative to historical or future expected levels.
the impact of significant declines in prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls, which may result in recognition of impairment costs on our long-lived assets, leaseholds and nonconsolidated equity investments.
potential failures or delays in achieving expected reserve or production levels from existing and future oil and gas developments, including due to operating hazards, drilling risks and the inherent uncertainties in predicting reserves and reservoir performance.
reductions in reserves replacement rates, whether as a result of the significant declines in commodity prices or otherwise.
unsuccessful exploratory drilling activities or the inability to obtain access to exploratory acreage.
unexpected changes in costs or technical requirements for constructing, modifying or operating e&p facilities.
legislative and regulatory initiatives addressing environmental concerns, including initiatives addressing the impact of global climate change or further regulating hydraulic fracturing, methane emissions, flaring or water disposal.
lack of, or disruptions in, adequate and reliable transportation for our crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls.
inability to timely obtain or maintain permits, including those necessary for construction, drilling and/or development, or inability to make capital expenditures required to maintain compliance with any necessary permits or applicable laws or regulations.
failure to complete definitive agreements and feasibility studies for, and to complete construction of, announced and future exploration and production and lng development in a timely manner
potential disruption or interruption of our operations due to accidents, extraordinary weather events, civil unrest, political events, war, global health epidemics, terrorism, cyber attacks, and information technology failures, constraints or disruptions.
changes in international monetary conditions and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
changes in international trade relationships, including the imposition of trade restrictions or tariffs relating to crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng, ngls and any materials or products (such as aluminum and steel) used in the operation of our business.
substantial investment in and development use of, competing or alternative energy sources, including as a result of existing or future environmental rules and regulations.
liability for remedial actions, including removal and reclamation obligations, under existing or future environmental regulations and litigation.
significant operational or investment changes imposed by existing or future environmental statutes and regulations, including international agreements and national or regional legislation and regulatory measures to limit or reduce ghg emissions.
liability resulting from litigation or our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
general domestic and international economic and political developments, including armed hostilities;
expropriation of assets; changes in governmental policies relating to crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls pricing, regulation or taxation;
the impact of and uncertainty surrounding the u.k.'s decision to withdraw from the eu; and other political, economic or diplomatic developments.
volatility in the commodity futures markets.
changes in tax and other laws, regulations (including alternative energy mandates), or royalty rules applicable to our business, including changes resulting from the implementation and interpretation of the tax cuts and jobs act.
competition and consolidation in the oil and gas e&p industry.
any limitations on our access to capital or increase in our cost of capital, including as a result of illiquidity or uncertainty in domestic or international financial markets.
our inability to execute, or delays in the completion, of any asset dispositions or acquisitions we elect to pursue.
potential failure to obtain, or delays in obtaining, any necessary regulatory approvals for asset dispositions or acquisitions, or that such approvals may require modification to the terms of the transactions or the operation of our remaining business.
potential disruption of our operations as a result of asset dispositions or acquisitions, including the diversion of management time and attention.
our inability to deploy the net proceeds from any asset dispositions we undertake in the manner and timeframe we currently anticipate, if at all.
our inability to liquidate the common stock issued to us by cenovus energy as part of our sale of certain assets in western canada at prices we deem acceptable, or at all.
the ability of our customers and other contractual counterparties to satisfy their obligations to us, including our ability to collect payments when due from the government of venezuela or pdvsa.
our inability to realize anticipated cost savings and expenditure reductions.
the factors generally described in item 1a-risk factors in this 2019 annual report on form 10-k and any additional risks described in our other filings with the sec.
item 7a.
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk financial instrument market risk we and certain of our subsidiaries hold and issue derivative contracts and financial instruments that expose our cash flows or earnings to changes in commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates or interest rates.
we may use financial and commodity-based derivative contracts to manage the risks produced by changes in the prices of natural gas, crude oil and related products;
fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates; or to capture market opportunities.
our use of derivative instruments is governed by an "authority limitations" document approved by our board of directors that prohibits the use of highly leveraged derivatives or derivative instruments without sufficient liquidity.
the authority limitations document also establishes the value at risk (var)
limits for the company, and compliance with these limits is monitored daily.
the executive vice president and chief financial officer, who reports to the chief executive officer, monitors commodity price risk and risks resulting from foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates.
the commercial organization manages our commercial marketing, optimizes our commodity flows and positions, and monitors risks.
commodity price risk our commercial organization uses futures, forwards, swaps and options in various markets to accomplish the following objectives:
meet customer needs.
consistent with our policy to generally remain exposed to market prices, we use swap contracts to convert fixed-price sales contracts, which are often requested by natural gas consumers, to floating market prices.
enable us to use market knowledge to capture opportunities such as moving physical commodities to more profitable locations and storing commodities to capture seasonal or time premiums.
we may use derivatives to optimize these activities.
we use a var model to estimate the loss in fair value that could potentially result on a single day from the effect of adverse changes in market conditions on the derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments we hold or issue, including commodity purchases and sales contracts recorded on the balance sheet at december 31, 2019, as derivative instruments.
using monte carlo simulation, a 95 percent confidence level and a one-day holding period, the var for those instruments issued or held for trading purposes or held for purposes other than trading at december 31, 2019 and 2018, was immaterial to our consolidated cash flows and net income attributable to conocophillips.
interest rate risk the following table provides information about our debt instruments that are sensitive to changes in u.s.
the table presents principal cash flows and related weighted-average interest rates by expected maturity dates.
the carrying amount of our floating-rate debt approximates its fair value.
the fair value of the fixed-rate debt is measured using prices available from a pricing service that is corroborated by market data.
millions of dollars except as indicated debt fixed average floating average rate interest rate interest expected maturity date maturity rate maturity rate year
fair value
fair value
foreign currency exchange risk we have foreign currency exchange rate risk resulting from international operations.
we do not comprehensively hedge the exposure to currency exchange rate changes although we may choose to selectively hedge certain foreign currency exchange rate exposures, such as firm commitments for capital projects or local currency tax payments, dividends and cash returns from net investments in foreign affiliates to be remitted within the coming year, and investments in equity securities.
at december 31, 2019 and 2018, we held foreign currency exchange forwards hedging cross-border commercial activity and foreign currency exchange swaps and options for purposes of mitigating our cash-
although these forwards, swaps and options hedge exposures to fluctuations in exchange rates, we elected not to utilize hedge accounting.
as a result, the change in the fair value of these foreign currency exchange derivatives is recorded directly in earnings.
at december 31, 2019, we had outstanding foreign currency exchange forward contracts to sell $1.35 billion cad at $0.748 cad against the u.s. dollar.
at december 31, 2018, we had outstanding foreign currency zero-cost collars buying the right to sell $1.25 billion cad at $0.707
billion cad at $0.842 cad against the u.s. dollar.
based on the assumed volatility in the fair value calculation, the net fair value of these foreign currency contracts at december 31, 2019 and december 31,
2018, was a before-tax loss of $28 million and a before-tax gain of $6
based on an adverse hypothetical 10 percent change in the december 2019 and december 2018 exchange rate, this would result in an additional before-tax loss of $115 million and $17 million, respectively.
the sensitivity analysis is based on changing one assumption while holding all other assumptions constant, which in practice may be unlikely to occur, as changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated.
the gross notional and fair value of these positions at december 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
in millions foreign currency exchange derivatives notional*
fair value**
sell u.s. dollar, buy british pound usd
sell british pound, buy norwegian krone gbp
sell british pound, buy euro gbp
buy british pound, sell euro gbp
for additional information about our use of derivative instruments, see note 14-derivative and financial instruments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
item 8.
financial statements and supplementary data conocophillips index to financial statements page report of management ............................................................................................................................
reports of independent registered public accounting firm .................................................................
consolidated income statement for the years ended december 31, 2019,
consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
consolidated statement of cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2019,
consolidated statement of changes in equity for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
notes to consolidated financial statements
supplementary information oil and gas operations
selected quarterly financial data
condensed consolidating financial information
report of management management prepared, and is responsible for, the consolidated financial statements and the other information appearing in this annual report.
the consolidated financial statements present fairly the company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states.
in preparing its consolidated financial statements, the company includes amounts that are based on estimates and judgments management believes are reasonable under the circumstances.
the company's financial statements have been audited by ernst & young llp, an independent registered public accounting firm appointed by the audit and finance committee of the board of directors and ratified by stockholders.
management has made available to ernst
& young llp all of the company's financial records and related data, as well as the minutes of stockholders'
assessment of internal control over financial reporting management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
conocophillips' internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the company's management and directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements.
all internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations.
therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
management assessed the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2019.
in making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission in internal control-integrated framework (2013)
based on our assessment, we believe the company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of december 31, 2019.
ernst & young llp has issued an audit report on the company's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2019, and their report is included herein.
chairman and chief executive officer executive vice president and chief financial officer february 18, 2020
report of independent registered public accounting firm to the stockholders and the board of directors of conocophillips opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of conocophillips
(the company) as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, the related consolidated income statement, consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2019, and the related notes, condensed consolidating financial information listed in the index at item 8, and financial statement schedule listed in item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the
"consolidated financial statements"). in our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company at december 31, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2019, in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board
(united states) (pcaob), the company's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2019, based on criteria established in internal control-integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework) and our report dated february 18, 2020, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits.
we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
critical audit matters the critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit and finance committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. the communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
accounting for asset retirement obligations for certain offshore properties description of the matter at december 31, 2019, the asset retirement obligation ("aro") balance totaled $6.2
the estimation of obligations related to certain offshore assets requires significant judgment given the magnitude of these removal costs and higher estimation uncertainty related to the removal plan and costs. furthermore, given certain of these assets are nearing the end of their operations, the impact of changes in these aros may result in a
material impact to earnings given the relatively short remaining useful lives of the assets.
auditing the company's aros for the obligations identified above is complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimation required by management in determining the obligations. in particular, the estimates were sensitive to significant subjective assumptions such as removal cost estimates and end of field life, which are affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions.
how we addressed the matter in our audit we obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the company's internal controls over its aro estimation process, including management's review of the significant assumptions that have a material effect on the determination of the obligations. we also tested management's controls over the completeness and accuracy of the financial data used in the valuation.
to test the aros for the obligations identified above, our audit procedures included, among others, assessing the significant assumptions and inputs used in the valuation, including removal cost estimates and end of field life assumptions. for example, we evaluated removal cost estimates by comparing to settlements and recent removal activities and costs. we also compared end of field life assumptions to production forecasts.
we involved our internal specialists in testing the underlying removal cost estimates.
depreciation, depletion and amortization of proved oil and gas properties description of the matter at december 31, 2019, the net book value of the company's properties, plants and equipment was $42.3 billion, and depreciation, depletion and amortization (dd&a)
expense was $6.1 billion for the year then ended.
as described in note 1, dd&a of properties, plants and equipment on producing hydrocarbon properties and certain pipeline and lng assets (those which are expected to have a declining utilization pattern) are determined by the unit-of-production method based on proved oil and gas reserves, as estimated by the company's internal reservoir engineers. proved oil and gas reserve estimates are based on geological and engineering assessments of in-place hydrocarbon volumes, the production plan, historical extraction recovery and processing yield factors, installed plant operating capacity and approved operating limits. significant judgment is required by the company's internal reservoir engineers in evaluating geological and engineering data when estimating proved oil and gas reserves. estimating reserves also requires the selection of inputs, including oil and gas price assumptions, future operating and capital costs assumptions and tax rates by jurisdiction, among others. because of the complexity involved in estimating oil and gas reserves, management also used a third-party petroleum engineering firm to perform a review of the processes and controls used by the company's internal reservoir engineers to determine estimates of proved oil and gas reserves.
auditing the company's dd&a calculation is complex because of the use of the work of the internal reservoir engineers and third-party petroleum engineering firm and the evaluation of management's determination of the inputs described above used by the internal reservoir engineers in estimating proved oil and gas reserves.
how we addressed the matter in our audit we obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the company's internal controls over its process to calculate dd&a, including management's controls over the completeness and accuracy of the financial data provided to the internal reservoir engineers for use in estimating proved oil and gas reserves.
our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the professional qualifications and objectivity of the company's internal reservoir engineers primarily responsible for overseeing the preparation of the reserve estimates and the third-party petroleum engineering firm used to review the company's processes and controls.
in addition, in assessing whether we can use the work of the internal reservoir engineers, we evaluated the completeness and accuracy of the financial data and inputs described above used by the internal reservoir engineers in estimating proved oil and gas reserves by agreeing them to source documentation and we identified and evaluated corroborative and contrary evidence. for proved undeveloped reserves, we evaluated management's development plan for compliance with the sec rule that undrilled locations are scheduled to be drilled within five years, unless specific circumstances justify a longer time, by assessing consistency of the development projections with the company's drill plan. we also tested the accuracy of the dd&a calculations, including comparing the proved oil and gas reserve amounts used in the calculation to the company's reserve report.
/s/ ernst & young llp we have served as conocophillips' auditor since 1949.
report of independent registered public accounting firm to the stockholders and the board of directors of conocophillips opinion on internal control over financial reporting we have audited conocophillips' internal control over financial reporting as of december 31,
2019, based on criteria established in internal control-integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework)
(the coso criteria). in our opinion, conocophillips (the company)
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2019, based on the coso criteria.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob), the consolidated balance sheets of the company as of december
31, 2019 and 2018, the related consolidated income statement, consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2019, and the related notes, condensed consolidating financial information listed in the index at item 8, and financial statement schedule listed in item 15(a) and our report dated february 18, 2020, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
basis for opinion the company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included under the heading
"assessment of internal control over financial reporting" in the accompanying
"report of management." our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting a company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. a company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
equity in earnings of affiliates
gain on dispositions
costs and expenses purchased commodities
accretion on discounted liabilities
foreign currency transaction (gains) losses
total costs and expenses
income (loss) before income taxes
income tax provision (benefit)
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests
see notes to consolidated financial statements.
defined benefit plans prior service credit (cost) arising during the period
reclassification adjustment for amortization of prior service credit included in net income (loss)
net change
reclassification adjustment for amortization of net actuarial losses included in net income (loss)
net change
income taxes on defined benefit plans
defined benefit plans, net of tax
unrealized holding loss on securities
unrealized loss on securities, net of tax
foreign currency translation adjustments
income taxes on foreign currency translation adjustments
foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax
less: comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests
*plans for which conocophillips is not the primary obligor
primarily those administered by equity affiliates.
see notes to consolidated financial statements.
assets cash and cash equivalents
short-term investments
investment in cenovus energy
prepaid expenses and other current assets
total current assets
investments and long-term receivables
other assets
total assets
liabilities accounts payable
employee benefit obligations
total current liabilities
asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs
employee benefit obligations
other liabilities and deferred credits
total liabilities
equity common stock (
par value)
par value
capital in excess of par
total common stockholders' equity
noncontrolling interests
total equity
total liabilities and equity
see notes to consolidated financial statements.
cash flows from operating activities net income (loss)
adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities depreciation, depletion and amortization
dry hole costs and leasehold impairments
accretion on discounted liabilities
undistributed equity earnings
gain on dispositions
working capital adjustments decrease (increase) in accounts and notes receivable
decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses and other current assets
net cash provided by operating activities
cash flows from investing activities capital expenditures and investments
working capital changes associated with investing activities
proceeds from asset dispositions
net sales (purchases) of investments
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
cash flows from financing activities repayment of debt
net cash used in financing activities
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
million are included in the "prepaid expenses and other current assets" and "other assets" lines, respectively, of our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2019.
million is included in the "other assets" line of our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2018.
see notes to consolidated financial statements.
consolidated statement of changes in equity conocophillips millions of dollars attributable to conocophillips common stock par value capital in excess of par treasury stock accum. other comprehensive income (loss)
controlling interests total december 31, 2016
distributions to noncontrolling interests and other
distributed under benefit plans
distributions to noncontrolling interests and other
distributed under benefit plans
changes in accounting principles*
distributions to noncontrolling interests and other
distributed under benefit plans
changes in accounting principles**
*cumulative effect of the adoption of asc topic 606, "revenue from contracts with customers," and asu no.
2016-01, "recognition and measurement of financial assets and liabilities," at january 1, 2018.
**see note 2-changes in accounting principles for additional information.
see notes to consolidated financial statements.
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips note 1-accounting policies
consolidation principles and investments
-our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of majority-owned, controlled subsidiaries and variable interest entities where we are the primary beneficiary.
the equity method is used to account for investments in affiliates in which we have the ability to exert significant influence over the affiliates'
operating and financial policies.
when we do not have the ability to exert significant influence, the investment is measured at fair value except when the investment does not have a readily determinable fair value.
for those exceptions, it will be measured at cost minus impairment, plus or minus observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer.
other securities and investments are generally carried at cost.
for additional information, see note 25-segment disclosures and related information.
foreign currency translation
-adjustments resulting from the process of translating foreign functional currency financial statements into u.s. dollars are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss in common stockholders' equity.
foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in current earnings.
some of our foreign operations use their local currency as the functional currency.
-the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities.
revenue recognition
-revenues associated with the sales of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng, ngls and other items are recognized at the point in time when the customer obtains control of the asset.
in evaluating when a customer has control of the asset, we primarily consider whether the transfer of legal title and physical delivery has occurred, whether the customer has significant risks and rewards of ownership, and whether the customer has accepted delivery and a right to payment exists.
these products are typically sold at prevailing market prices.
we allocate variable market-based consideration to deliveries (performance obligations) in the current period as that consideration relates specifically to our efforts to transfer control of current period deliveries to the customer and represents the amount we expect to be entitled to in exchange for the related products.
payment is typically due within 30 days or less.
revenues associated with transactions commonly called buy/sell contracts, in which the purchase and sale of inventory with the same counterparty are entered into "in contemplation" of one another, are combined and reported net (i.e., on the same income statement line).
shipping and handling costs
-we typically incur shipping and handling costs prior to control transferring to the customer and account for these activities as fulfillment costs.
accordingly, we include shipping and handling costs in production and operating expenses for production activities.
transportation costs related to marketing activities are recorded in purchased commodities.
freight costs billed to customers are treated as a component of the transaction price and recorded as a component of revenue when the customer obtains control.
-cash equivalents are highly liquid, short-term investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and have original maturities of 90 days or less from their date of purchase.
they are carried at cost plus accrued interest, which approximates fair value.
short-term investments
-short-term investments include investments in bank time deposits and marketable securities (commercial paper and government obligations) which are carried at cost plus accrued interest and have original maturities of greater than 90 days but within one year or when the remaining maturities are within one year.
we also invest in financial instruments classified as available for sale debt securities which are carried at fair value. those instruments are included in short-term investments when they have remaining maturities within one year as of the balance sheet date.
long-term investments in debt securities
-long-term investments in debt securities includes financial instruments classified as available for sale debt securities with remaining maturities greater than one year as of the balance sheet date.
they are carried at fair value and presented within the "investments and long-term receivables" line of our consolidated balance sheet.
-we have several valuation methods for our various types of inventories and consistently use the following methods for each type of inventory.
the majority of our commodity-related inventories are recorded at cost using the lifo basis.
we measure these inventories at the lower-of-cost-or-market in the aggregate.
any necessary lower-of-cost-or-market write-downs at year end are recorded as permanent adjustments to the lifo cost basis.
lifo is used to better match current inventory costs with current revenues.
costs include both direct and indirect expenditures incurred in bringing an item or product to its existing condition and location, but not unusual/nonrecurring costs or research and development costs.
materials, supplies and other miscellaneous inventories, such as tubular goods and well equipment, are valued using various methods, including the weighted-average-cost method, and the fifo method, consistent with industry practice.
fair value measurements
-assets and liabilities measured at fair value and required to be categorized within the fair value hierarchy are categorized into one of three different levels depending on the observability of the inputs employed in the measurement.
level 1 inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
level 2 inputs are observable inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly through market-corroborated inputs.
level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability reflecting significant modifications to observable related market data or our assumptions about pricing by market participants.
-derivative instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value.
if the right of offset exists and certain other criteria are met, derivative assets and liabilities with the same counterparty are netted on the balance sheet and the collateral payable or receivable is netted against derivative assets and derivative liabilities, respectively.
recognition and classification of the gain or loss that results from recording and adjusting a derivative to fair value depends on the purpose for issuing or holding the derivative.
gains and losses from derivatives not accounted for as hedges are recognized immediately in earnings.
oil and gas exploration and development
-oil and gas exploration and development costs are accounted for using the successful efforts method of accounting.
property acquisition costs
-oil and gas leasehold acquisition costs are capitalized and included in the balance sheet caption pp&e.
leasehold impairment is recognized based on exploratory experience and management's judgment.
upon achievement of all conditions necessary for reserves to be classified as proved, the associated leasehold costs are reclassified to proved properties.
exploratory costs
-geological and geophysical costs and the costs of carrying and retaining undeveloped properties are expensed as incurred.
exploratory well costs are capitalized, or
"suspended," on the balance sheet pending further evaluation of whether economically recoverable reserves have been found.
if economically recoverable reserves are not found, exploratory well costs are expensed as dry holes.
if exploratory wells encounter potentially economic quantities of oil and gas, the well costs remain capitalized on the balance sheet as long as sufficient progress assessing the reserves and the economic and operating viability of the project is being made.
for complex exploratory discoveries, it is not unusual to have exploratory wells remain suspended on the balance
sheet for several years while we perform additional appraisal drilling and seismic work on the potential oil and gas field or while we seek government or co-venturer approval of development plans or seek environmental permitting.
once all required approvals and permits have been obtained, the projects are moved into the development phase, and the oil and gas resources are designated as proved reserves.
management reviews suspended well balances quarterly, continuously monitors the results of the additional appraisal drilling and seismic work, and expenses the suspended well costs as dry holes when it judges the potential field does not warrant further investment in the near term.
suspended wells and other exploration expenses, for additional information on suspended wells.
development costs
-costs incurred to drill and equip development wells, including unsuccessful development wells, are capitalized.
-leasehold costs of producing properties are depleted using the unit-
amortization of intangible development costs is based on the unit-of-production method using estimated proved developed oil and gas reserves.
capitalized interest
-interest from external borrowings is capitalized on major projects with an expected construction period of one year or longer.
capitalized interest is added to the cost of the underlying asset and is amortized over the useful lives of the assets in the same manner as the underlying assets.
-depreciation and amortization of pp&e on producing hydrocarbon properties and certain pipeline and lng assets
(those which are expected to have a declining utilization pattern), are determined by the unit-of-production method.
depreciation and amortization of all other pp&e are determined by either the individual-unit-straight-line method or the group-straight-line method
(for those individual units that are highly integrated with other units).
-pp&e used in operations are assessed for impairment whenever changes in facts and circumstances indicate a possible significant deterioration in the future cash flows expected to be generated by an asset group and annually in the fourth quarter following updates to corporate planning assumptions.
if there is an indication the carrying amount of an asset may not be recovered, the asset is monitored by management through an established process where changes to significant assumptions such as prices, volumes and future development plans are reviewed.
if, upon review, the sum of the undiscounted before-tax cash flows is less than the carrying value of the asset group, the carrying value is written down to estimated fair value through additional amortization or depreciation provisions and reported as impairments in the periods in which the determination of the impairment is made.
individual assets are grouped for impairment purposes at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets-
generally on a field-by-field basis for e&p assets.
because there usually is a lack of quoted market prices for long-lived assets, the fair value of impaired assets is typically determined based on the present values of expected future cash flows using discount rates believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants or based on a multiple of operating cash flow validated with historical market transactions of similar assets where possible.
long-lived assets committed by management for disposal within one year are accounted for at the lower of amortized cost or fair value, less cost to sell, with fair value determined using a binding negotiated price, if available, or present value of expected future cash flows as previously described.
the expected future cash flows used for impairment reviews and related fair value calculations are based on estimated future production volumes, prices and costs, considering all available evidence at the date of review.
the impairment review includes cash flows from proved developed and undeveloped reserves, including any development expenditures necessary to achieve that production.
additionally, when probable and possible reserves exist, an appropriate risk-adjusted amount of these reserves may be included in the impairment calculation.
impairment of investments in nonconsolidated entities
-investments in nonconsolidated entities are assessed for impairment whenever changes in the facts and circumstances indicate a loss in value has occurred and annually following updates to corporate planning assumptions.
when such a condition is judgmentally determined to be other than temporary, the carrying value of the investment is written down to fair value.
the fair value of the impaired investment is based on quoted market prices, if available, or upon the present value of expected future cash flows using discount rates believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants, plus market analysis of comparable assets owned by the investee, if appropriate.
-costs of maintenance and repairs, which are not significant improvements, are expensed when incurred.
property dispositions
-when complete units of depreciable property are sold, the asset cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated, with any gain or loss reflected in the "gain on dispositions"
when less than complete units of depreciable property are disposed of or retired which do not significantly alter the dd&a rate, the difference between asset cost and salvage value is charged or credited to accumulated depreciation.
asset retirement obligations and environmental costs
-the fair value of legal obligations to retire and remove long-lived assets are recorded in the period in which the obligation is incurred
when the liability is initially recorded, we capitalize this cost by increasing the carrying amount of the related pp&e.
if, in subsequent periods, our estimate of this liability changes, we will record an adjustment to both the liability and pp&e.
over time the liability is increased for the change in its present value, and the capitalized cost in pp&e is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset.
reductions to estimated liabilities for assets that are no longer producing are recorded as a credit to impairment, if the asset had been previously impaired, or as a credit to dd&a, if the asset had not been previously impaired.
for additional information, see note 10-asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs.
environmental expenditures are expensed or capitalized, depending upon their future economic benefit.
expenditures relating to an existing condition caused by past operations, and those having no future economic benefit, are expensed.
liabilities for environmental expenditures are recorded on an undiscounted basis (unless acquired in a purchase business combination, which we record on a discounted basis) when environmental assessments or cleanups are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated.
recoveries of environmental remediation costs from other parties are recorded as assets when their receipt is probable and estimable.
-the fair value of a guarantee is determined and recorded as a liability at the time the guarantee is given.
the initial liability is subsequently reduced as we are released from exposure under the guarantee.
we amortize the guarantee liability over the relevant time period, if one exists, based on the facts and circumstances surrounding each type of guarantee.
in cases where the guarantee term is indefinite, we reverse the liability when we have information indicating the liability is essentially relieved or amortize it over an appropriate time period as the fair value of our guarantee exposure declines over time.
we amortize the guarantee liability to the related income statement line item based on the nature of the guarantee.
when it becomes probable that we will have to perform on a guarantee, we accrue a separate liability if it is reasonably estimable, based on the facts and circumstances at that time.
we reverse the fair value liability only when there is no further exposure under the guarantee.
-we recognize share-based compensation expense over the shorter of the service period (i.e., the stated period of time required to earn the award) or the period beginning at the start of the service period and ending when an employee first becomes eligible for retirement.
we have elected to recognize expense on a straight-line basis over the service period for the entire award, whether the award was granted with ratable or cliff vesting.
-deferred income taxes are computed using the liability method and are provided on all temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of our assets and liabilities,
except for deferred taxes on income and temporary differences related to the cumulative translation adjustment considered to be permanently reinvested in certain foreign subsidiaries and foreign corporate joint ventures.
allowable tax credits are applied currently as reductions of the provision for income taxes.
interest related to unrecognized tax benefits is reflected in interest and debt expense, and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are reflected in production and operating expenses.
taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities
-sales and value-
also, this calculation includes fully vested stock and unit awards that have not yet been issued as common stock, along with an adjustment to net income (loss) for dividend equivalents paid on unvested unit awards that are considered participating securities.
diluted net income per share of common stock includes unvested stock, unit or option awards granted under our compensation plans and vested but unexercised stock options, but only to the extent these instruments dilute net income per share, primarily under the treasury-stock method.
diluted net loss per share, which is calculated the same as basic net loss per share, does not assume conversion or exercise of securities that would have an antidilutive effect.
the earnings per share impact of the participating securities is immaterial.
note 2-changes in accounting principles we adopted the provisions of fasb asu no. 2016-02, "leases," (asc topic 842) and its amendments, beginning january 1, 2019.
asc topic 842 establishes comprehensive accounting and financial reporting requirements for leasing arrangements, supersedes the existing requirements in fasb asc topic 840,
"leases" (asc topic 840), and requires lessees to recognize substantially all lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet.
the provisions of asc topic 842 also modify the definition of a lease and outline requirements for recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leasing arrangements by both lessees and lessors.
842 using the modified retrospective approach and elected to utilize the optional transition method, which permits us to apply the provisions of asc topic 842 to leasing arrangements existing at or entered into after january 1, 2019, and present in our financial statements comparative periods prior to january 1, 2019 under the historical requirements of asc topic 840.
in addition, we elected to adopt the package of optional transition-related practical expedients, which among other things, allows us to carry forward certain historical conclusions reached under asc topic 840 regarding lease identification, classification, and the accounting treatment of initial direct costs.
furthermore, we elected not to record assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet for new or existing lease arrangements with terms of 12
the primary impact of applying asc topic 842 is the initial recognition of $
million of lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use assets on our consolidated balance sheet as of january 1, 2019, for leases classified as operating leases under asc topic 840, as well as enhanced disclosure of our leasing arrangements.
our accounting treatment for finance leases remains unchanged.
in addition, there is no cumulative effect to retained earnings or other components of equity recognized as of january 1, 2019, and the adoption of asc topic 842 did not impact the presentation of our consolidated income statement or statement of cash flows.
see note 17-non-mineral leases for additional information related to the adoption of asc topic 842.
we adopted the provisions of fasb asu no. 2018-02, "reclassification of certain tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive income,"
the asu allows a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the tax cuts and jobs act, eliminating the stranded tax effects.
the cumulative effect to our consolidated balance sheet at january 1, 2019 for the adoption of asu no. 2018-02 was as follows:
equity accumulated other comprehensive loss
for additional information regarding the impact of the adoption of asu no. 2018-02, see note 20-accumulated other comprehensive loss.
note 3-variable interest entities we hold variable interests in vies for which there are existing arrangements that provide those entities with additional forms of subordinated financial support.
however, as we are not considered the primary beneficiary, these entities have not been consolidated in our financial statements.
percent ownership interest in mwcc, and it is accounted for as an equity method investment because mwcc is a limited liability company in which we are a founding member.
mwcc is considered a vie, as it has entered into arrangements that provide it with additional forms of subordinated financial support.
we are not the primary beneficiary and do not consolidate mwcc because we share the power to govern the business and operation of the company and to undertake certain obligations that most significantly impact its economic performance with nine other unaffiliated owners of mwcc.
based on inputs related to the fair value of mwcc observed in the second quarter of 2019, we reduced the carrying value of our equity method investment in mwcc to $
million and recorded a before-tax impairment of $
million which is included in the "equity in earnings of affiliates" line on our consolidated income statement. for additional information see note 15-fair value measurement.
at december 31, 2019, the book value of our equity method investment in mwcc was $
million. we have not provided any financial support to mwcc other than amounts previously contractually required. unless we elect otherwise, we have no requirement to provide liquidity or purchase the assets of mwcc.
percent interest in aplng, our joint venture with origin energy and sinopec. we are not the primary beneficiary because we share, with our joint venture partners, the power to direct the key activities of aplng that most significantly impacts its economic performance. therefore, we do not consolidate aplng and account for this entity as an equity method investment.
as of december 31, 2019, we no longer have certain guarantees that provide aplng with additional subordinated financial support. for additional information see note 12-guarantees.
inventories valued on the lifo basis totaled
note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions all gains or losses on asset dispositions are reported before-tax and are included net in the "gain on dispositions" line on our consolidated income statement.
all cash proceeds are included in the "cash flows from investing activities" section of our consolidated statement of cash flows.
assets held for sale in october 2019, we entered into an agreement to sell the subsidiaries that hold our australia-west assets and operations to santos for $
billion, plus customary adjustments, with an effective date of january 1, 2019.
in addition, we will receive a payment of $
million upon final investment decision of the barossa development project.
percent interest in the barossa project and caldita field, our
percent interest in the darwin lng facility and bayu-undan field, our
the net carrying value is approximately $
billion of cash and working capital, offset by $
billion of deferred tax liabilities.
the assets met held for sale criteria in the fourth quarter, and as of december 31, 2019
"prepaid expenses and other current assets" and $
the before-tax earnings associated with our australia-west subsidiaries were
million for the years ended december 31,
this transaction is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2020, subject to regulatory approvals and other specific conditions precedent.
results of operations for the subsidiaries to be sold are reported within our asia pacific and middle east segment.
in the fourth quarter of 2019, we signed an agreement to sell our interests in the niobrara shale play for $
to reduce the carrying value to fair value, in the fourth quarter of 2019, we recorded an impairment of $
million before-
tax for developed properties and exploration expenses of $
our niobrara interests to be sold have a net carrying value of approximately $
the assets met held for sale criteria in the fourth quarter, and as of december
million of pp&e to "prepaid expenses and other current assets" and $
the before-tax losses associated with our interests in niobrara, including the $386 million of impairments noted above, were $
million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2017, respectively.
the before-tax earnings associated with our interests in niobrara for the year ended december 31, 2018 was $
this transaction is subject to regulatory approval and other specific conditions precedent and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2020.
the niobrara results of operations are reported within our lower 48 segment.
assets sold in january 2019, we entered into agreements to sell our
we also entered into agreements to amend our contractual obligations for retaining use of the facilities.
before-tax impairment of $
million in the first quarter of 2019 which is included in the "equity in earnings of affiliates" line on our consolidated income statement.
results of operations for these assets are reported in our lower 48 segment.
see note 15-fair value measurement for additional information.
in april 2019, we entered into an agreement to sell two conocophillips u.k. subsidiaries to chrysaor e&p limited for $
billion plus interest and customary adjustments, with an effective date of january 1, 2018.
on september 30, 2019, we completed the sale for proceeds of $
billion before-tax and $
billion after-tax gain associated with this transaction in 2019.
together the subsidiaries sold indirectly held our exploration and production assets in the u.k.
at the time of disposition, the net carrying value was approximately $
billion of cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments, and $
billion of deferred tax assets, offset by $
billion of working capital.
the before-tax earnings associated with the subsidiaries sold were $
billion for the years ended december 31, 2019,
results of operations for the u.k. are reported within our europe and north africa segment.
percent interest in the greater sunrise fields to the government of timor-leste for $
in the fourth quarter of 2019, we sold our interests in the magnolia field and platform for net proceeds of $
million and recognized a before-tax gain of $
at the time of sale, the net carrying value consisted of $
the magnolia results of operations are reported within our lower 48 segment.
planned dispositions in january 2020, we entered into an agreement to sell our interests in certain non-core properties in the lower
48 segment for $
the assets met the held for sale criteria in january
2020 and the transaction is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2020.
this disposition will not have a significant impact on lower 48 production.
assets sold in the first quarter of 2018, we completed the sale of certain properties in the lower 48 segment for net proceeds of $
in the second quarter of 2018, we completed the sale of a package of largely undeveloped acreage in the lower 48 segment for net proceeds of
in the third quarter of 2018, we completed a noncash exchange of undeveloped acreage in the lower 48 segment.
the transaction was recorded at fair value resulting in the recognition of a $
48 segment for total net proceeds of $
million and recognized gains of approximately $
on october 31, 2018, we completed the sale of our interests in the barnett to lime rock resources for $
million in 2017 to reduce the net carrying value of the barnett to fair value.
at the time of the disposition, our interest in barnett had a net carrying value of $
the before-tax losses associated with our interests in the barnett, including both the impairments and loss on disposition noted above, were $
million for the years 2018 and 2017, respectively.
at the same time, we acquired bp's 39.2 percent nonoperated interest in the greater kuparuk area in alaska, including their 38 percent interest in the kuparuk transportation company (kuparuk assets).
the transaction was recorded at a fair value of $
million and was cash neutral except for customary adjustments which resulted in net proceeds of $
at closing, our interest in the clair field had a net carrying value of approximately
million of deferred tax liabilities, and $
we recognized a before-tax gain of
million on the transaction.
the 2018 before-tax earnings associated with our 16.5 interest in the clair field, including the recognized gain, were $
the before-tax loss associated with our interest in the clair field was $
million for 2017. results of operations for our interest in the clair field are reported within our europe and north africa segment and the kuparuk assets are included in our alaska segment.
acquisitions in may 2018, we completed the acquisition of anadarko's
percent nonoperated interest in the western north slope of alaska, as well as its interest in the alpine transportation pipeline for $
this transaction was accounted for as a business combination resulting in the recognition of approximately $
million of unproved property within pp&e, $
million of investments, and $
million of aros. these assets are included in our alaska segment.
as discussed in the clair field transaction with bp above, we acquired bp's kuparuk assets on december 18,
the transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition with a net acquisition cost of $
million, comprised of the fair value of $
million associated with the disposed 16.5
billion to proved property within pp&e, $
million to investments, $
million decrease to net working capital.
the kuparuk assets are included in our alaska segment.
assets sold on may 17, 2017, we completed the sale of our
50 percent nonoperated interest in the foster creek christina lake (fccl) partnership, as well as the majority of our western canada gas assets to cenovus energy.
consideration for the transaction was $
the value of the shares at closing was
the contingent payment, calculated and paid on a quarterly basis, is $6 million cad for every $1 cad by which the wcs quarterly average crude price exceeds $52 cad per barrel.
contingent payments received during the five-year period are reflected as "gain on dispositions" on our consolidated income statement.
we reported before-tax equity earnings associated with fccl of $
million for 2017.
we reported a before-tax loss of $
million for the western canada gas producing properties for 2017.
we recorded gains on dispositions for these contingent payments of $
million for the years 2019 and 2018, respectively.
at closing, the carrying value of our equity investment in fccl was $
the carrying value of our interest in the western canada gas assets was $
million of environmental and other accruals.
billion was included in the "gain on dispositions"
both fccl and the western canada gas assets were reported in our canada segment.
for more information on the canada disposition and our investment in cenovus energy see note 7-
investment in cenovus energy, note 15-fair value measurement, and note 20-accumulated other comprehensive loss.
company for $
billion in cash after customary adjustments and recognized a loss on disposition of
the transaction includes a contingent payment of up to $300 million. the six-year contingent payment, effective beginning january 1, 2018, is due annually for the periods in which the monthly u.s. henry hub price is at or above $3.20 per mmbtu.
in 2018, we recorded a gain on dispositions for these contingent payments of $
billion to reduce the carrying value of our interests in the san juan basin to fair value.
at the time of disposition, the san juan basin interests had a net carrying value of approximately
million of liabilities, primarily aros.
the before-
tax loss associated with our interests in the san juan basin, including both the $3.3 billion impairment and $22
million loss on disposition noted above, was $
billion for 2017.
in september 2017, we completed the sale of our interest in the panhandle assets for $
million in cash after customary adjustments and recognized a loss on disposition of $
at the time of the disposition, the carrying value of our interest was $
including the $28 million loss on disposition noted above, we reported a before-tax loss for the panhandle properties of $
million for 2017.
note 6-investments, loans and long-term receivables components of investments, loans and long-term receivables at december 31 were:
equity investments
long-term investments in debt securities
other investments
equity investments affiliated companies in which we had a significant equity investment at december 31, 2019, included:
percent owned joint venture with origin energy (
to produce cbm from the bowen and surat basins in queensland, australia, as well as process and export lng.
qatar liquefied gas company limited (3) (qg3)-30 percent owned joint venture with affiliates of qatar petroleum (
percent) and mitsui & co., ltd. (
summarized 100 percent earnings information for equity method investments in affiliated companies, combined, was as follows:
income (loss) before income taxes
summarized 100 percent balance sheet information for equity method investments in affiliated companies, combined, was as follows:
current assets
noncurrent assets
current liabilities
noncurrent liabilities
our share of income taxes incurred directly by an equity method investee is reported in equity in earnings of affiliates, and as such is not included in income taxes on our consolidated financial statements.
aplng aplng is focused on cbm production from the bowen and surat basins in queensland, australia, to supply the domestic gas market and on lng processing and export sales.
our investment in aplng gives us access to cbm resources in australia and enhances our lng position.
the majority of aplng lng is sold under two long-term sales and purchase agreements, supplemented with sales of additional lng spot cargoes targeting the asia pacific markets.
origin energy, an integrated australian energy company, is the operator of aplng's production and pipeline system, while we operate the lng facility.
aplng executed project financing agreements for an $
billion project finance facility in 2012.
billion project finance facility was initially composed of financing agreements executed by aplng with the export-import bank of the united states for approximately
billion, the export-import bank of china for approximately $
billion, and a syndicate of australian and international commercial banks for approximately $
at december 31, 2019, all amounts have been drawn from the facility.
aplng made its first principal and interest repayment in march 2017 and is scheduled to make bi-annual payments until march 2029.
at the same time, aplng obtained a united states private placement (uspp) bond facility of $
aplng made its first interest payment related to this facility in march 2019, and principal payments are scheduled to commence in september 2023, with bi-annual payments due on the facility until september
billion of existing project finance debt through two transactions.
as a result of the first transaction, aplng obtained a commercial bank facility of $
aplng made its first principal and interest repayment in september 2019 with bi-annual payments due on the facility until march 2028.
through the second transaction, aplng obtained a uspp bond facility of $
aplng made its first interest payment in september
2019, and principal payments are scheduled to commence in september 2023, with bi-annual payments due on the facility until september 2030.
in conjunction with the $3.2 billion debt obtained during the first quarter of 2019 to refinance existing project finance debt, aplng made voluntary repayments of $
billion was outstanding on the facilities.
see note 12-guarantees, for additional information.
during the first half of 2017, the outlook for crude oil prices deteriorated, and as a result of significantly reduced price outlooks, the estimated fair value of our investment in aplng declined to an amount below carrying value.
based on a review of the facts and circumstances surrounding this decline in fair value, we concluded in the second quarter of 2017 the impairment was other than temporary under the guidance of fasb asc topic 323, "investments-equity method and joint ventures," and the recognition of an impairment of our investment to fair value was necessary.
million, before- and after-tax impairment in our second quarter 2017
fair value was estimated based on an internal discounted cash flow model using estimated future production, an outlook of future prices from a combination of exchanges (short-term) and pricing service companies (long-term), costs, a market outlook of foreign exchange rates provided by a third party, and a discount rate believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants.
at december 31, 2019, the carrying value of our equity method investment in aplng was $
percent share of net assets on the books of aplng was $
the basis difference, which is substantially all associated with pp&e and subject to amortization, has been allocated on a relative fair value basis to individual exploration and production license areas owned by aplng, some of which are not currently in production.
any future additional payments are expected to be allocated in a similar manner.
each exploration license area will periodically be reviewed for any indicators of potential impairment, which, if required, would result in acceleration of basis difference amortization.
as the joint venture produces natural gas from each license, we amortize the basis difference allocated to that license using the unit-of-production method.
included in net income (loss) attributable to conocophillips for 2019,
fccl fccl partnership, a canadian upstream 50/50 general partnership with cenovus energy inc., produces bitumen in the athabasca oil sands in northeastern alberta and sells the bitumen blend.
50 percent nonoperated interest in the fccl partnership, as well as the majority of our western canada gas assets to cenovus energy.
financial information presented within this footnote includes our historical interest up to the date of sale.
for additional information on the canada disposition and our investment in cenovus energy, see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions and note 7-investment in cenovus energy.
we provided project financing, with a current outstanding balance of $
at december 31, 2019, the book value of our equity method investment in qg3, excluding the project financing, was $
we have terminal and pipeline use agreements with golden pass lng terminal and affiliated golden pass pipeline near sabine pass, texas, intended to provide us with terminal and pipeline capacity for the receipt, storage and regasification of lng purchased from qg3.
currently, the lng from qg3 is being sold to markets outside of the u.s.
for additional information, see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions.
loans and long-term receivables as part of our normal ongoing business operations and consistent with industry practice, we enter into numerous agreements with other parties to pursue business opportunities.
included in such activity are loans and long-term receivables to certain affiliated and non-affiliated companies.
loans and long-term receivables are assessed for impairment when events indicate the loan balance may not be fully recovered.
percent interest in qg3, for which we use the equity method of accounting.
the other participants in the project are affiliates of qatar petroleum and mitsui.
billion of loans from export credit agencies
the conocophillips loan facilities have substantially the same terms as the eca and commercial bank facilities.
achieved financial completion and all project loan facilities became nonrecourse to the project participants.
note 7-investment in cenovus energy on may 17, 2017, we completed the sale of our
percent nonoperated interest in the fccl partnership, as well as the majority of our western canada gas assets, to cenovus energy.
consideration for the transaction included
see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions, for additional information on the canada disposition.
the fair value and cost basis of our investment in 208
our investment on our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2019, is carried at fair value of $
the increase in fair value represents the net unrealized gain recorded within the "other income" line of our consolidated income statement for the year ended december 31, 2019 relating to the shares held at the reporting date.
see note 15-fair value measurement and note 22-other financial information, for additional information.
subject to market conditions, we intend to decrease our investment over time through market transactions, private agreements or otherwise.
note 8-suspended wells and other exploration expenses the following table reflects the net changes in suspended exploratory well costs during 2019, 2018 and 2017:
additions pending the determination of proved reserves
million of assets held for sale in australia.
exploratory well costs capitalized for a period of one year or less
exploratory well costs capitalized for a period greater than one year
number of projects with exploratory well costs capitalized for a period greater than one year
*includes $313 million of assets held for sale in australia.
the following table provides a further aging of those exploratory well costs that have been capitalized for more than one year since the completion of drilling as of december 31, 2019:
barossa/caldita-australia
(1)additional appraisal wells planned.
(2)appraisal drilling complete; costs being incurred to assess development.
(3)assets held for sale as of december 31, 2019.
other exploration expenses in february 2017, we reached a settlement agreement on our contract for the athena drilling rig, initially secured for our four-well commitment program in angola.
before-tax charge of $
in 2019, we recorded before-tax dry hole expenses of $
million due to our decision to discontinue exploration activities in the central louisiana austin chalk trend.
impairments for additional information on our decision to discontinue these exploration activities.
note 9-impairments during 2019, 2018 and 2017, we recognized the following before-tax impairment charges:
million, primarily related to developed properties in our niobrara asset which were written down to fair value less costs to sell.
see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions, for additional information on this disposition.
the charges discussed below, within this section, are included in the "exploration expenses" line on our consolidated income statement and are not reflected in the table above.
in our lower 48 segment, we recorded a before-tax impairment of $
million for the associated carrying value of capitalized undeveloped leasehold costs due to our decision to discontinue exploration activities related to our central louisiana austin chalk acreage.
million, primarily related to developed properties in our barnett asset which were written down to fair value less costs to sell, partly offset by a revision to reflect finalized proceeds on a separate transaction.
in our europe and north africa segment, we recorded a credit to impairment of $
million primarily for the associated pp&e carrying value of our small interest in the point thomson unit.
million primarily due to certain developed properties which were written down to fair value less costs to sell.
see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions, for additional information on our dispositions.
million primarily due to reduced volume forecasts for a field in the u.k. and restructured ownership and a change in commercial premises for a gas processing plant in norway, partly offset by decreased aro estimates on fields at or nearing the end of life which were impaired in prior years.
million, including the impairment of our aplng investment.
for more information, see the "aplng"
section of note 6-investments, loans and long-term receivables.
the charges discussed below, within this section, are included in the "exploration expenses" line on our consolidated income statement and are not reflected in the table above.
in our lower 48 segment, we recorded a before-tax impairment of $
million for the associated carrying value of capitalized undeveloped leasehold costs of shenandoah in deepwater gulf of mexico following the suspension of appraisal activity by the operator.
additionally, we recorded a $
million before-tax impairment for mineral assets primarily due to plan of development changes.
note 10-asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs at december 31 were:
accrued environmental costs
total asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs
asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs due within one year*
long-term asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs
*classified as a current liability on the balance sheet under "other accruals." $
million relates to assets which are held for sale as of december 31, 2019. for additional information see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions.
asset retirement obligations we record the fair value of a liability for an aro when it is incurred (typically when the asset is installed at the production location).
when the liability is initially recorded, we capitalize the associated asset retirement cost by increasing the carrying amount of the related pp&e.
if, in subsequent periods, our estimate of this liability changes, we will record an adjustment to both the liability and pp&e.
over time, the liability increases for the change in its present value, while the capitalized cost depreciates over the useful life of the related asset.
we have numerous aros we are required to perform under law or contract once an asset is permanently taken out of service.
most of these obligations are not expected to be paid until several years, or decades, in the future and will be funded from general company resources at the time of removal.
our largest individual obligations involve plugging and abandonment of wells and removal and disposal of offshore oil and gas platforms around the world, as well as oil and gas production facilities and pipelines in alaska.
during 2019 and 2018, our overall aro changed as follows:
changes in estimates of existing obligations
property dispositions
foreign currency translation
accrued environmental costs total accrued environmental costs at december 31, 2019 and 2018, were $
we had accrued environmental costs of $
million at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, related to remediation activities in the u.s. and canada.
million of environmental costs associated with sites no longer in operation at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
in addition, $
million were included at both december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, where the company has been named a potentially responsible party under the federal comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act, or similar state laws.
accrued environmental liabilities are expected to be paid over periods extending up to
expected expenditures for environmental obligations acquired in various business combinations are discounted using a weighted-average
percent discount factor, resulting in an accrued balance for acquired environmental liabilities of $
the expected future undiscounted payments related to the portion of the accrued environmental costs that have been discounted are: $
million for all future years after 2024.
industrial development bonds due 2035 at
debt at face value
net unamortized premiums, discounts and debt issuance costs
maturities of long-term borrowings, inclusive of net unamortized premiums and discounts, in 2020 through
we have a revolving credit facility totaling $
billion with an expiration date of may 2023.
our revolving credit facility may be used for direct bank borrowings, the issuance of letters of credit totaling up to $
million, or as support for our commercial paper program.
the revolving credit facility is broadly syndicated among financial institutions and does not contain any material adverse change provisions or any covenants requiring maintenance of specified financial ratios or credit ratings.
the facility agreement contains a cross-
default provision relating to the failure to pay principal or interest on other debt obligations of $
million or more by conocophillips, or any of its consolidated subsidiaries.
credit facility borrowings may bear interest at a margin above rates offered by certain designated banks in the london interbank market or at a margin above the overnight federal funds rate or prime rates offered by certain designated banks in the u.s.
the agreement calls for commitment fees on available, but unused, amounts.
the agreement also contains early termination rights if our current directors or their approved successors cease to be a majority of the board of directors.
billion commercial paper program, which is primarily a funding source for short-term working capital needs.
commercial paper maturities are generally limited to
we had no direct outstanding borrowings or letters of credit under the revolving credit facility at december 31, 2019 or december
since we had no commercial paper outstanding and had issued no letters of credit, we had access to
billion in borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility at december 31, 2019.
the vrdbs are redeemable at the option of the bondholders on any business day.
if they are ever redeemed, we intend to refinance on a long-term basis, therefore, the vrdbs are included in the "long-term debt" line on our consolidated balance sheet.
for additional information on finance leases, see note 17
note 12-guarantees at december 31, 2019, we were liable for certain contingent obligations under various contractual arrangements as described below.
we recognize a liability, at inception, for the fair value of our obligation as a guarantor for newly issued or modified guarantees.
unless the carrying amount of the liability is noted below, we have not recognized a liability because the fair value of the obligation is immaterial.
in addition, unless otherwise stated, we are not currently performing with any significance under the guarantee and expect future performance to be either immaterial or have only a remote chance of occurrence.
aplng guarantees at december 31, 2019, we had outstanding multiple guarantees in connection with our
the following is a description of the guarantees with values calculated utilizing december
2019 exchange rates:
during the third quarter of 2016, we issued a guarantee to facilitate the withdrawal of our pro-rata portion of the funds in a project finance reserve account.
million and may become payable if an enforcement action is commenced by the project finance lenders against aplng.
at december 31, 2019, the carrying value of this guarantee is approximately $
in conjunction with our original purchase of an ownership interest in aplng from origin energy in october 2008, we agreed to reimburse origin energy for our share of the existing contingent liability arising under guarantees of an existing obligation of aplng to deliver natural gas under several sales agreements with remaining terms of up to
our maximum potential liability for future payments, or cost of volume delivery, under these guarantees is estimated to be $
and would become payable if aplng fails to meet its obligations under these agreements and the obligations cannot otherwise be mitigated.
future payments are considered unlikely, as the payments, or cost of volume delivery, would only be triggered if aplng does not have enough natural gas to meet these sales commitments and if the co-
venturers do not make necessary equity contributions into aplng.
we have guaranteed the performance of aplng with regard to certain other contracts executed in connection with the project's continued development.
as of december 31, 2019, we were released from certain of these guarantees considered subordinated financial support to aplng.
million and would become payable if aplng does not perform.
other guarantees we have other guarantees with maximum future potential payment amounts totaling approximately
million, which consist primarily of guarantees of the residual value of leased office buildings, guarantees of the residual value of leased corporate aircraft, and a guarantee for our portion of a joint venture's project finance reserve accounts.
these guarantees have remaining terms of up to three years and would become payable if, upon sale, certain asset values are lower than guaranteed amounts, business conditions decline at guaranteed entities, or as a result of nonperformance of contractual terms by guaranteed parties.
in conjunction with the disposition of our two u.k. subsidiaries to chrysaor e&p limited, we will temporarily continue to support various guarantees and letters of credit which were provided for the benefit of entities that are now affiliates of chrysaor e&p limited.
chrysaor e&p limited has agreed to fully indemnify conocophillips for any losses suffered by us related to these obligations.
indemnifications over the years, we have entered into agreements to sell ownership interests in certain corporations, joint ventures and assets that gave rise to qualifying indemnifications.
these agreements include indemnifications for taxes, environmental liabilities, employee claims and litigation.
the majority of these indemnifications are related to environmental issues, the term is generally indefinite and the maximum amount of future payments is generally unlimited.
the carrying amount recorded for these indemnifications at december 31, 2019, was approximately $
we amortize the indemnification liability over the relevant time period, if one exists, based on the facts and circumstances surrounding each type of indemnity.
in cases where the indemnification term is indefinite, we will reverse the liability when we have information the liability is essentially relieved or amortize the liability over an appropriate time period as the fair value of our indemnification exposure declines.
although it is reasonably possible future payments may exceed amounts recorded, due to the nature of the indemnifications, it is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments.
million of environmental accruals for known contamination that are included in the "asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs" line on our consolidated balance sheet.
for additional information about environmental liabilities, see note 13-contingencies and commitments.
note 13-contingencies and commitments a number of lawsuits involving a variety of claims arising in the ordinary course of business have been filed against conocophillips.
we also may be required to remove or mitigate the effects on the environment of the placement, storage, disposal or release of certain chemical, mineral and petroleum substances at various active and inactive sites.
we regularly assess the need for accounting recognition or disclosure of these contingencies.
liability when the loss is probable and the amount is reasonably estimable.
if a range of amounts can be reasonably estimated and no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, then the minimum of the range is accrued.
we do not reduce these liabilities for potential insurance or third-party recoveries.
if applicable, we accrue receivables for probable insurance or other third-party recoveries.
with respect to income tax-related contingencies, we use a cumulative probability-weighted loss accrual in cases where sustaining a tax position is less than certain.
see note 19-income taxes, for additional information about income tax-related contingencies.
based on currently available information, we believe it is remote that future costs related to known contingent liability exposures will exceed current accruals by an amount that would have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements.
as we learn new facts concerning contingencies, we reassess our position both with respect to accrued liabilities and other potential exposures.
estimates particularly sensitive to future changes include contingent liabilities recorded for environmental remediation, tax and legal matters.
estimated future environmental remediation costs are subject to change due to such factors as the uncertain magnitude of cleanup costs, the unknown time and extent of such remedial actions that may be required, and the determination of our liability in proportion to that of other responsible parties.
estimated future costs related to tax and legal matters are subject to change as events evolve and as additional information becomes available during the administrative and litigation processes.
environmental we are subject to international, federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations.
when we prepare our consolidated financial statements, we record accruals for environmental liabilities based on management's best estimates, using all information that is available at the time.
we measure estimates and base liabilities on currently available facts, existing technology, and presently enacted laws and regulations, taking into account stakeholder and business considerations.
when measuring environmental liabilities, we also consider our prior experience in remediation of contaminated sites, other companies' cleanup experience, and data released by the u.s. epa or other organizations.
we consider unasserted claims in our determination of environmental liabilities, and we accrue them in the period they are both probable and reasonably estimable.
although liability of those potentially responsible for environmental remediation costs is generally joint and several for federal sites and frequently so for other sites, we are usually only one of many companies cited at a particular site.
due to the joint and several liabilities, we could be responsible for all cleanup costs related to any site at which we have been designated as a potentially responsible party.
we have been successful to date in sharing cleanup costs with other financially sound companies.
many of the sites at which we are potentially responsible are still under investigation by the epa or the agency concerned.
prior to actual cleanup, those potentially responsible normally assess the site conditions, apportion responsibility and determine the appropriate remediation.
in some instances, we may have no liability or may attain a settlement of liability.
where it appears that other potentially responsible parties may be financially unable to bear their proportional share, we consider this inability in estimating our potential liability, and we adjust our accruals accordingly.
as a result of various acquisitions in the past, we assumed certain environmental obligations.
some of these environmental obligations are mitigated by indemnifications made by others for our benefit, and some of the indemnifications are subject to dollar limits and time limits.
we are currently participating in environmental assessments and cleanups at numerous federal superfund and comparable state and international sites.
after an assessment of environmental exposures for cleanup and other costs, we make accruals on an undiscounted basis (except those acquired in a purchase business combination, which we record on a discounted basis) for planned investigation and remediation activities for sites where it is probable future costs will be incurred and these costs can be reasonably estimated.
not reduced these accruals for possible insurance recoveries.
in the future, we may be involved in additional environmental assessments, cleanups and proceedings.
see note 10-asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs, for a summary of our accrued environmental liabilities.
legal proceedings we are subject to various lawsuits and claims including but not limited to matters involving oil and gas royalty and severance tax payments, gas measurement and valuation methods, contract disputes, environmental damages, climate change, personal injury, and property damage.
our primary exposures for such matters relate to alleged royalty and tax underpayments on certain federal, state and privately owned properties and claims of alleged environmental contamination from historic operations.
our legal organization applies its knowledge, experience and professional judgment to the specific characteristics of our cases, employing a litigation management process to manage and monitor the legal proceedings against us.
our process facilitates the early evaluation and quantification of potential exposures in individual cases.
this process also enables us to track those cases that have been scheduled for trial and/or mediation.
based on professional judgment and experience in using these litigation management tools and available information about current developments in all our cases, our legal organization regularly assesses the adequacy of current accruals and determines if adjustment of existing accruals, or establishment of new accruals, is required.
other contingencies we have contingent liabilities resulting from throughput agreements with pipeline and processing companies not associated with financing arrangements.
under these agreements, we may be required to provide any such company with additional funds through advances and penalties for fees related to throughput capacity not utilized.
in addition, at december 31, 2019, we had performance obligations secured by letters of credit of
million (issued as direct bank letters of credit) related to various purchase commitments for materials, supplies, commercial activities and services incident to the ordinary conduct of business.
in 2007, conocophillips was unable to reach agreement with respect to the empresa mixta structure mandated by the venezuelan government's nationalization decree.
as a result, venezuela's national oil company, petróleos de venezuela, s.a. (pdvsa), or its affiliates, directly assumed control over conocophillips'
interests in the petrozuata and hamaca heavy oil ventures and the offshore corocoro development project.
in response to this expropriation, conocophillips initiated international arbitration on november 2,
2007, with the icsid.
on september 3, 2013, an icsid arbitration tribunal held that venezuela unlawfully expropriated conocophillips' significant oil investments in june 2007.
on january 17, 2017, the tribunal reconfirmed the decision that the expropriation was unlawful.
billion in compensation for the government's unlawful expropriation of the company's investments in venezuela in 2007.
conocophillips has filed a request for recognition of the award in several jurisdictions.
on august 29, 2019, the icsid tribunal issued a decision rectifying the award and reducing it by approximately $
in 2014, conocophillips filed a separate and independent arbitration under the rules of the icc against pdvsa under the contracts that had established the petrozuata and hamaca projects.
billion under their agreements in connection with the expropriation of the projects and other pre-expropriation fiscal measures. in august 2018, conocophillips entered into a settlement with pdvsa to recover the full amount of this icc award, plus interest through the payment period, including initial payments totaling approximately $500
million within a period of 90 days from the time of signing of the settlement agreement. the balance of the settlement is to be paid quarterly over a period of four and a half years.
per the settlement, pdvsa recognized the icc award as a judgment in various jurisdictions, and conocophillips agreed to suspend its legal enforcement actions.
12, 2019, and to date pdvsa failed to cure its breach.
as a result, conocophillips has resumed legal enforcement actions.
settlement and any actions thereof meet all appropriate u.s. regulatory requirements, including those related to any applicable sanctions imposed by the u.s. against venezuela.
in 2016, conocophillips filed a separate and independent arbitration under the rules of the icc against pdvsa under the contracts that had established the corocoro project.
conocophillips is seeking recognition and enforcement of the award in various jurisdictions.
conocophillips has ensured that all the actions related to the award meet all appropriate u.s. regulatory requirements, including those related to any applicable sanctions imposed by the u.s. against ve nezuela.
in february 2017, the icsid tribunal unanimously awarded burlington resources, inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of conocophillips, $
million for ecuador's unlawful expropriation of burlington's investment in blocks 7 and 21, in breach of the u.s.-ecuador bilateral investment treaty.
the tribunal also issued a separate decision finding ecuador to be entitled to $
million for environmental and infrastructure counterclaims.
the settlement included an offset for the counterclaims decision, of which burlington is entitled to a contribution from perenco ecuador limited, its co-venturer and consortium operator, pursuant to a joint and several liability provision in the joa.
in september 2019, a separate icsid tribunal issued an award in the perenco arbitration, ordering perenco to pay an additional $
million to ecuador for its environmental counterclaim.
burlington and perenco will reconcile their shares of the environmental and infrastructure counterclaims according to their joa participating interests, and we expect burlington's share will be immaterial.
in june 2017, far ltd. initiated arbitration before the icc against conocophillips senegal b.v.
in connection with the sale of conocophillips senegal b.v. to woodside energy holdings (senegal) limited in 2016.
in february 2020, the icc tribunal issued an award dismissing far ltd.'s claims in the arbitration.
in late 2017, conocophillips (u.k.) limited
(cpukl) initiated united nations commission on international trade and law (uncitral) arbitration against vietnam in accordance with the u.k.-vietnam bilateral investment treaty relating to a tax dispute arising from the
2012 sale of conocophillips (u.k.) cuu long limited and conocophillips (u.k.) gama limited.
2019, and the arbitration was dismissed in december 2019 as a result of this agreement.
in 2017 and 2018, cities, counties, and a state government in california, new york, washington, rhode island and maryland, as well as the pacific coast federation of fishermen's association, inc., have filed lawsuits against oil and gas companies, including conocophillips, seeking compensatory damages and equitable relief to abate alleged climate change impacts.
conocophillips is vigorously defending against these lawsuits.
the lawsuits brought by the cities of san francisco, oakland and new york have been dismissed by the district courts and appeals are pending.
lawsuits filed by other cities and counties in california and washington are currently stayed pending resolution of the appeals brought by the cities of san francisco and oakland to the u.s. court of appeals for the ninth circuit.
lawsuits filed in maryland and rhode island are proceeding in state court while rulings in those matters, on the issue of whether the matters should proceed in state or federal court, are on appeal to the u.s. court of appeals for the fourth circuit and first circuit, respectively.
several louisiana parishes and individual landowners have filed lawsuits against oil and gas companies, including conocophillips, seeking compensatory damages in connection with historical oil and gas operations in louisiana.
all parish lawsuits are stayed pending an appeal to the fifth circuit court of appeals on the issue of whether they will proceed in federal or state court.
conocophillips will vigorously defend against these lawsuits.
-or-pay agreements we have certain throughput agreements and take-or-pay agreements in support of financing arrangements.
the agreements typically provide for natural gas or crude oil transportation to be used in the ordinary course of the company's business.
note 14-derivative and financial instruments we use futures, forwards, swaps and options in various markets to meet our customer needs and capture market opportunities.
our commodity business primarily consists of natural gas, crude oil, bitumen, lng and ngls.
our derivative instruments are held at fair value on our consolidated balance sheet.
related cash flows are recorded as operating activities on our consolidated statement of cash flows.
on our consolidated income statement, realized and unrealized gains and losses are recognized either on a gross basis if directly related to our physical business or a net basis if held for trading.
gains and losses related to contracts that meet and are designated with the npns exception are recognized upon settlement.
we do not use hedge accounting for our commodity derivatives.
the following table presents the gross fair values of our commodity derivatives, excluding collateral, and the line items where they appear on our consolidated balance sheet:
assets prepaid expenses and other current assets
other assets
liabilities other accruals
other liabilities and deferred credits
the gains (losses) from commodity derivatives incurred, and the line items where they appear on our consolidated income statement were:
purchased commodities
the table below summarizes our material net exposures resulting from outstanding commodity derivative contracts:
open position long/(short)
commodity natural gas and power (billions of cubic feet equivalent)
foreign currency exchange derivatives we have foreign currency exchange rate risk resulting from international operations.
our foreign currency exchange derivative activity primarily relates to managing our cash-related foreign currency exchange rate exposures, such as firm commitments for capital programs or local currency tax payments, dividends and cash returns from net investments in foreign affiliates, and investments in equity securities.
we do not elect hedge accounting on our foreign currency exchange derivatives.
the following table presents the gross fair values of our foreign currency exchange derivatives, excluding collateral, and the line items where they appear on our consolidated balance sheet:
assets prepaid expenses and other current assets
liabilities other accruals
other liabilities and deferred credits
the losses from foreign currency exchange derivatives incurred and the line item where they appear on our consolidated income statement were:
foreign currency transaction losses
we had the following net notional position of outstanding foreign currency exchange derivatives:
foreign currency exchange derivatives sell u.s. dollar, buy british pound usd
sell british pound, buy other currencies*
buy british pound, sell euro gbp
in december 2017, we entered into foreign exchange zero cost collars buying the right to sell $1.25 billion cad at $0.707 cad and selling the right to buy $1.25 billion cad at $0.842 cad against the u.s. dollar.
the collar expired during the second quarter of 2019 and we entered into new foreign currency exchange forward contracts to sell $1.35 billion cad at $0.748 cad against the u.s. dollar.
financial instruments we invest in financial instruments with maturities based on our cash forecasts for the various accounts and currency pools we manage.
the types of financial instruments in which we currently invest include:
time deposits: interest bearing deposits placed with financial institutions.
demand deposits:
interest bearing deposits placed with financial institutions.
deposited funds can be withdrawn without notice.
commercial paper: unsecured promissory notes issued by a corporation, commercial bank or government agency purchased at a discount to mature at par.
u.s. government or government agency obligations:
securities issued by the u.s. government or u.s.
unsecured debt securities issued by corporations.
asset-backed securities: collateralized debt securities.
the following investments are carried on our consolidated balance sheet at cost, plus accrued interest:
carrying amount cash and cash equivalents short-term investments
demand deposits
time deposits remaining maturities from 1 to 90 days
remaining maturities from 91 to 180 days
commercial paper remaining maturities from 1 to 90 days
u.s. government obligations remaining maturities from 1 to 90 days
the following table reflects our investments in debt securities classified as available for sale at december 31,
2019 which are carried at fair value:
millions of dollars carrying amount cash and cash equivalents short-term investments investments and long-
term receivables corporate bonds remaining maturities within one year
remaining maturities greater than one year through five years
commercial paper remaining maturities within one year
u.s. government obligations remaining maturities within one year
remaining maturities greater than one year through five years
asset-backed securities remaining maturities greater than one year through five years
the following table summarizes the amortized cost basis and fair value of investments in debt securities classified as available for sale at december 31,
millions of dollars amortized cost basis fair value major security type corporate bonds
asset-backed securities
gross unrealized gains and gross unrealized losses included in other comprehensive income related to investments in debt securities classified as available for sale as of december 31, 2019, were negligible.
gross realized gains and gross realized losses included in earnings from sales and redemptions of investments in debt securities classified as available for sale during the year ended december 31, 2019, were negligible.
the cost of securities sold and redeemed is determined using the specific identification method.
credit risk financial instruments potentially exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash equivalents, short-term investments, long-term investments in debt securities, otc derivative contracts and trade receivables.
our cash equivalents and short-term investments are placed in high-quality commercial paper, government money market funds, government debt securities, time deposits with major international banks and financial institutions, and high-quality corporate bonds.
our long-term investments in debt securities are placed in high-quality corporate bonds, u.s. government obligations, and asset-backed securities.
the credit risk from our otc derivative contracts, such as forwards, swaps and options, derives from the counterparty to the transaction.
individual counterparty exposure is managed within predetermined credit limits and includes the use of cash-call margins when appropriate, thereby reducing the risk of significant nonperformance.
we also use futures, swaps and option contracts that have a negligible credit risk because these trades are cleared primarily with an exchange clearinghouse and subject to mandatory margin requirements until settled; however, we are exposed to the credit risk of those exchange brokers for receivables arising from daily margin cash calls, as well as for cash deposited to meet initial margin requirements.
our trade receivables result primarily from our petroleum operations and reflect a broad national and international customer base, which limits our exposure to concentrations of credit risk.
the majority of these receivables have payment terms of
30 days or less , and we continually monitor this exposure and the creditworthiness of the counterparties.
we do not generally require collateral to limit the exposure to loss;
however, we will sometimes use letters of credit, prepayments and master netting arrangements to mitigate credit risk with counterparties that both buy from and sell to us, as these agreements permit the amounts owed by us or owed to others to be offset against amounts due to us.
certain of our derivative instruments contain provisions that require us to post collateral if the derivative exposure exceeds a threshold amount. we have contracts with fixed threshold amounts and other contracts with variable threshold amounts that are contingent on our credit rating. the variable threshold amounts typically decline for lower credit ratings, while both the variable and fixed threshold amounts typically revert to zero if we fall below investment grade. cash is the primary collateral in all contracts; however, many also permit us to post letters of credit as collateral, such as transactions administered through the new york mercantile exchange.
the aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with such credit risk-related contingent features that were in a liability position on december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, was $
for these instruments, no collateral was posted as of december 31, 2019 or december 31,
if our credit rating had been downgraded below investment grade on december 31, 2019, we would be required to post $
million of additional collateral, either with cash or letters of credit.
note 15-fair value measurement we carry a portion of our assets and liabilities at fair value that are measured at a reporting date using an exit price (i.e., the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability) and disclosed according to the quality of valuation inputs under the following hierarchy:
level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in an active market for identical assets or liabilities.
level 3: unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value of assets or liabilities.
the classification of an asset or liability is based on the lowest level of input significant to its fair value.
those that are initially classified as level 3 are subsequently reported as level 2 when the fair value derived from unobservable inputs is inconsequential to the overall fair value, or if corroborated market data becomes available.
assets and liabilities initially reported as level
2 are subsequently reported as level 3 if corroborated market data is no longer available.
recurring fair value measurement financial assets and liabilities reported at fair value on a recurring basis primarily include our investment in cenovus energy shares, our investments in debt securities classified as available for sale, and commodity derivatives.
level 1 derivative assets and liabilities primarily represent exchange-traded futures and options that are valued using unadjusted prices available from the underlying exchange.
level 1 also includes our investment in common shares of cenovus energy, which is valued using quotes for shares on the nyse, and our investments in u.s. government obligations classified as available for sale debt securities, which are valued using exchange prices.
level 2 derivative assets and liabilities primarily represent otc swaps, options and forward purchase and sale contracts that are valued using adjusted exchange prices, prices provided by brokers or pricing service companies that are all corroborated by market data.
level 2 also includes our investments in debt securities classified as available for sale including investments in corporate bonds, commercial paper, and asset-backed securities that are valued using pricing provided by brokers or pricing service companies that are corroborated with market data.
level 3 derivative assets and liabilities consist of otc swaps, options and forward purchase and sale contracts where a significant portion of fair value is calculated from underlying market data that is not readily available.
the derived value uses industry standard methodologies that may consider the historical relationships among various commodities, modeled market prices, time value, volatility factors and other relevant economic measures.
the use of these inputs results in management's best estimate of fair value.
level 3 activity was not material for all periods presented.
the following table summarizes the fair value hierarchy for gross financial assets and liabilities (i.e., unadjusted where the right of setoff exists for commodity derivatives accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis):
total assets investment in cenovus energy
investments in debt securities
commodity derivatives
total assets
liabilities commodity derivatives
total liabilities
the following table summarizes those commodity derivative balances subject to the right of setoff as presented on our consolidated balance sheet.
we have elected to offset the recognized fair value amounts for multiple derivative instruments executed with the same counterparty in our financial statements when a legal right of setoff exists.
assets
liabilities
assets
liabilities
non-recurring fair value measurement the following table summarizes the fair value hierarchy by major category and date of remeasurement for assets accounted for at fair value on a non-recurring basis:
millions of dollars fair value measurements using fair value level 1
inputs before-tax loss year ended december 31, 2019
net pp&e (held for sale)
equity method investments march 31, 2019
net pp&e (held for sale)
net pp&e (held for sale)
net pp&e held for sale was written down to fair value, less costs to sell.
the fair value of each asset was determined by its negotiated selling price (level
1) or information gathered during marketing efforts (level 3).
for additional information see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions.
equity method investments during 2019, certain equity method investments were determined to have fair values below their carrying amounts, and the impairments were considered to be other than temporary under the guidance of fasb asc topic 323.
during 2019, investments using level 1 inputs were written down to fair value, less costs to sell,
for additional information, see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions.
during 2019, an investment using level 2 inputs was determined to have a fair value below its carrying value, and was written down to fair value.
for additional information, see note 3-variable interest entities.
reported fair values of financial instruments we used the following methods and assumptions to estimate the fair value of financial instruments:
cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments:
the carrying amount reported on the balance sheet approximates fair value.
for those investments classified as available for sale debt securities, the carrying amount reported on the balance sheet is fair value.
accounts and notes receivable (including long-term and related parties): the carrying amount reported on the balance sheet approximates fair value.
the valuation technique and methods used to estimate the fair value of the current portion of fixed-rate related party loans is consistent with loans and advances-related parties.
investment in cenovus energy shares: see note 7-investment in cenovus energy for a discussion of the carrying value and fair value of our investment in cenovus energy shares.
investments in debt securities classified as available for sale: the fair value of investments in debt securities categorized as level 1 in the fair value hierarchy is measured using exchange prices.
the fair value of investments in debt securities categorized as level 2 in the fair value hierarchy is measured using pricing provided by brokers or pricing service companies that are corroborated with market data.
see note 14-derivatives and financial instruments, for additional information.
loans and advances-related parties: the carrying amount of floating-rate loans approximates fair value.
the fair value of fixed-rate loan activity is measured using market observable data and is categorized as level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.
see note 6-investments, loans and long-term receivables, for additional information.
and floating-rate debt: the carrying amount of accounts payable and floating-rate debt reported on the balance sheet approximates fair value.
fixed-rate debt: the estimated fair value of fixed-rate debt is measured using prices available from a pricing service that is corroborated by market data; therefore, these liabilities are categorized as level
2 in the fair value hierarchy.
the following table summarizes the net fair value of financial instruments (i.e., adjusted where the right of setoff exists for commodity derivatives):
millions of dollars carrying amount fair value
financial assets investment in cenovus energy
commodity derivatives
investments in debt securities
financial liabilities total debt, excluding finance leases
commodity derivatives
commodity derivatives at december 31, 2019, commodity derivative assets and liabilities are presented net with $
at december 31, 2018, commodity derivative assets and liabilities are presented net with no obligations to return cash collateral and $
note 16-equity common stock the changes in our shares of common stock, as categorized in the equity section of the balance sheet, were:
distributed under benefit plans
million shares of preferred stock, par value
noncontrolling interests at december 31, 2019 and 2018, we had $
million outstanding, respectively, of equity in less-than-wholly owned consolidated subsidiaries held by noncontrolling interest owners.
for both periods, the amounts were related to the darwin lng and bayu-darwin pipeline operating joint ventures we control.
billion, to support our plan for future share repurchases.
note 17-non-mineral leases the company primarily leases office buildings and drilling equipment, as well as ocean transport vessels, tugboats, corporate aircraft, and other facilities and equipment.
certain leases include escalation clauses for adjusting rental payments to reflect changes in price indices and other leases include payment provisions that vary based on the nature of usage of the leased asset.
additionally, the company has executed certain leases that provide it with the option to extend or renew the term of the lease, terminate the lease prior to the end of the lease term, or purchase the leased asset as of the end of the lease term.
in other cases, the company has executed lease agreements that require it to guarantee the residual value of certain leased office buildings.
for additional information about guarantees, see note 12-guarantees.
there are no significant restrictions imposed on us by the lease agreements with regard to dividends, asset dispositions or borrowing ability.
only the lease components of these contractual arrangements are subject to the provisions of asc topic 842, and any non-lease components are subject to other applicable accounting guidance; however, we have elected to adopt the optional practical expedient not to separate lease components apart from non-lease components for accounting purposes.
this policy election has been adopted for each of the company's leased asset classes existing as of the effective date and subject to the transition provisions of asc topic 842 and will be applied to all new or modified leases executed on or after january 1,
for contractual arrangements executed in subsequent periods involving a new leased asset class, the company will determine at contract inception whether it will apply the optional practical expedient to the new leased asset class.
leases are evaluated for classification as operating or finance leases at the commencement date of the lease and right-of-use assets and corresponding liabilities are recognized on our consolidated balance sheet based on the present value of future lease payments relating to the use of the underlying asset during the lease term.
future lease payments include variable lease payments that depend upon an index or rate using the index or rate at the commencement date and probable amounts owed under residual value guarantees.
the amount of future lease payments may be increased to include additional payments related to lease extension, termination, and/or purchase options when the company has determined, at or subsequent to lease commencement, generally due to limited asset availability or operating commitments, it is reasonably certain of exercising such options.
we use our incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate in determining the present value of future lease payments, unless the interest rate implicit in the lease arrangement is readily determinable.
lease payments that vary subsequent to the commencement date based on future usage levels, the nature of leased asset activities, or certain other contingencies are not included in the measurement of lease right-of-use assets and corresponding liabilities.
we have elected not to record assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet for lease arrangements with terms of 12 months or less.
we often enter into leasing arrangements acting in the capacity as operator for and/or on behalf of certain oil and gas joint ventures of undivided interests.
if the lease arrangement can be legally enforced only against us as operator and there is no separate arrangement to sublease the underlying leased asset to our coventurers, we recognize at lease commencement a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability on our consolidated balance sheet on a gross basis.
while we record lease costs on a gross basis in our consolidated income statement and statement of cash flows, such costs are offset by the reimbursement we receive from our coventurers for their share of the lease cost as the underlying leased asset is utilized in joint venture activities.
if we are a nonoperating coventurer, we recognize a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability only if we were a specified contractual party to the lease arrangement and the arrangement could be legally enforced against us.
in this circumstance, we would recognize both the right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability on our consolidated balance sheet on a proportional basis consistent with our undivided interest ownership in the related joint venture.
the company has historically recorded certain finance leases executed by investee companies accounted for under the proportionate consolidation method of accounting on its consolidated balance sheet on a proportional basis consistent with its ownership interest in the investee company.
in addition, the company has historically recorded finance lease assets and liabilities associated with certain oil and gas joint ventures on a proportional basis pursuant to accounting guidance applicable prior to january 1, 2019.
million of finance lease assets (net of accumulated dd&a) and $
million of finance lease liabilities were recorded on our consolidated balance sheet associated with these leases.
in accordance with the transition provisions of asc topic 842, and since we have elected to adopt the package of optional transition-related practical expedients, the historical accounting treatment for these leases has been carried forward and is subject to reconsideration upon the modification or other required reassessment of the arrangements prior to lease term expiration.
in connection with our adoption of asc topic 842, we have recorded on our consolidated balance sheet $
million of operating leases executed by investee companies accounted for under the proportionate
consolidation method of accounting on a proportional basis consistent with our ownership interest in the investee company.
the following tables summarize the finance leases amounts that were reflected on our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2018, the operating leases impact of adopting asc topic 842, and the right-of-use asset and lease liability balances reflected for both operating and finance leases on our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2019:
millions of dollars carrying amount operating leases finance leases amounts recognized in line items in our consolidated balance sheet upon adoption of asc topic 842
right-of-use assets properties, plants and equipment gross
adoption of asc topic 842 as of january 1, 2019
lease liabilities short-term debt
adoption of asc topic 842 as of january 1, 2019
amounts recognized in line items in our consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2019
right-of-use assets properties, plants and equipment gross
prepaid expenses and other current assets
other assets
* includes proportionately consolidated finance lease assets (net of accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization) of $
millions of dollars carrying amount operating leases finance leases lease liabilities short-term debt
other liabilities and deferred credits
total lease liabilities
short-term debt and long-term debt include proportionately consolidated finance lease liabilities of $
the following table summarizes our lease costs for 2019:
finance lease cost amortization of right-of-use assets
interest on lease liabilities
our future short-term lease commitments amount to $
***variable lease cost and sublease income are immaterial for the period presented and therefore are not included in the table above.
the following table summarizes other lease information for 2019:
other information
cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities operating cash flows from operating leases
right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities
right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease liabilities
in addition, pursuant to other applicable accounting guidance, lease payments made in connection with preparing another asset for its intended use are reported in the "cash flows from investing activities" section of our consolidated statement of cash flows.
the following table summarizes future lease payments for operating and finance leases at december 31, 2019:
millions of dollars operating leases finance leases maturity of lease liabilities
total lease liabilities
*future lease payments for operating and finance leases commencing on or after january 1, 2019, also include payments related to non-lease components in accordance with our election to adopt the optional practical expedient not to separate lease components apart from non-lease components for accounting purposes.
in addition, future payments related to operating and finance leases proportionately consolidated by the company have been included in the table on a proportionate basis consistent with our respective ownership interest in the underlying investee company or oil and gas venture.
at december 31, 2018, future minimum payments due under finance (capital) leases pursuant to asc topic 840 were:
capital lease obligations
for the years ended december 31, operating lease rental expense pursuant to asc topic 840 was:
note 18-employee benefit plans pension and postretirement plans an analysis of the projected benefit obligations for our pension plans and accumulated benefit obligations for our postretirement health and life insurance plans follows:
millions of dollars pension benefits other benefits
change in benefit obligation benefit obligation at january 1
plan participant contributions
benefits paid
recognition of termination benefits
foreign currency exchange rate change
benefit obligation at december 31*
*accumulated benefit obligation portion of above at december 31:
change in fair value of plan assets fair value of plan assets at january 1
actual return on plan assets
company contributions
plan participant contributions
benefits paid
foreign currency exchange rate change
fair value of plan assets at december 31
millions of dollars pension benefits other benefits
noncurrent assets
current liabilities
noncurrent liabilities
weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations at december 31
weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for years ended december 31
expected return on plan assets
for both u.s. and international pensions, the overall expected long-term rate of return is developed from the expected future return of each asset class, weighted by the expected allocation of pension assets to that asset class.
we rely on a variety of independent market forecasts in developing the expected rate of return for each class of assets.
included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at december 31 were the following before-tax amounts that had not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost:
millions of dollars pension benefits other benefits
unrecognized prior service cost (credit)
millions of dollars pension benefits other benefits
sources of change in other comprehensive income (loss)
net change during the period
prior service credit (cost) arising during the period
amortization of prior service cost (credit)
net change during the period
included in accumulated other comprehensive loss at december 31, 2019, were the following before-tax amounts that are expected to be amortized into net periodic benefit cost during 2020:
millions of dollars pension other benefits benefits u.s.
unrecognized prior service credit
for our tax-qualified pension plans with projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets, the projected benefit obligation, the accumulated benefit obligation, and the fair value of plan assets were $
for our unfunded nonqualified key employee supplemental pension plans, the projected benefit obligation and the accumulated benefit obligation were $
the components of net periodic benefit cost of all defined benefit plans are presented in the following table:
millions of dollars pension benefits other benefits
components of net periodic benefit cost service cost
expected return on plan assets
amortization of prior service cost (credit)
net periodic benefit cost
the components of net periodic benefit cost, other than the service cost component, are included in the "other expenses" line item on our consolidated income statement.
in 2018, we purchased a group annuity contract from prudential and transferred $
million of future benefit obligations from the u.s. qualified pension plan to prudential.
the purchase of the group annuity contract was funded directly by plan assets of the u.s. qualified pension plan.
effective january 1, 2019, the cash balance account (title ii) of the conocophillips retirement plan, a u.s. qualified pension plan, was closed to new entrants.
1, 2019, and employees that elected to opt out of title ii will no longer receive pay credits to their cash balance account and instead will be eligible for a company retirement contribution (crc) as described in the defined contribution plans section.
2017 as lump-sum benefit payments from certain u.s. pension plans exceeded the sum of service and interest costs for those plans and led to recognition of settlement losses.
in conjunction with the recognition of the curtailment, the fair market values of pension plan assets were updated, the pension benefit obligation was remeasured, and the net pension asset decreased by
offset by a decrease in the pension benefit obligation from curtailment.
in determining net pension and other postretirement benefit costs, we amortize prior service costs on a straight-
line basis over the average remaining service period of employees expected to receive benefits under the plan.
for net actuarial gains and losses, we amortize
we have multiple nonpension postretirement benefit plans for health and life insurance.
the health care plans are contributory and subject to various cost sharing features, with participant and company contributions adjusted annually; the life insurance plans are noncontributory.
the measurement of the u.s. pre-65 retiree medical accumulated postretirement benefit obligation assumes a health care cost trend rate of
the measurement of the u.s. post-65 retiree medical accumulated postretirement benefit obligation assumes an ultimate health care cost trend rate of
a one-percentage-point change in the assumed health care cost trend rate would be immaterial to conocophillips.
plan assets
-we follow a policy of broadly diversifying pension plan assets across asset classes and individual holdings.
as a result, our plan assets have no significant concentrations of credit risk.
asset classes that are considered appropriate include u.s. equities, non-u.s. equities, u.s. fixed income, non-u.s. fixed income, real estate and private equity investments.
plan fiduciaries may consider and add other asset classes to the investment program from time to time.
the target allocations for plan assets are
percent equity securities,
percent debt securities,
generally, the plan investments are publicly traded, therefore minimizing liquidity risk in the portfolio.
the following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for the pension plan assets.
there have been no changes in the methodologies used at december 31, 2019 and 2018.
fair values of equity securities and government debt securities categorized in level 1 are primarily based on quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.
fair values of corporate debt securities, agency and mortgage-backed securities and government debt securities categorized in level 2 are estimated using recently executed transactions and quoted market prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and for identical assets and liabilities in markets that are not active.
if there have been no market transactions in a particular fixed income security, its fair value is calculated by pricing models that benchmark the security against other securities with actual market prices.
when observable quoted market prices are not available, fair value is based on pricing models that use something other than actual market prices (e.g., observable inputs such as benchmark yields, reported trades and issuer spreads for similar securities), and these securities are categorized in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
fair values of investments in common/collective trusts are determined by the issuer of each fund based on the fair value of the underlying assets.
fair values of mutual funds are based on quoted market prices, which represent the net asset value of shares held.
time deposits are valued at cost, which approximates fair value.
cash is valued at cost, which approximates fair value.
fair values of international cash equivalents categorized in level 2 are valued using observable yield curves, discounting and interest rates.
cash balances held in the form of short-term fund units that are redeemable at the measurement date are categorized as level 2.
fair values of exchange-traded derivatives classified in level 1 are based on quoted market prices.
for other derivatives classified in level 2, the values are generally calculated from pricing models with market input parameters from third-party sources.
fair values of insurance contracts are valued at the present value of the future benefit payments owed by the insurance company to the plans' participants.
fair values of real estate investments are valued using real estate valuation techniques and other methods that include reference to third-party sources and sales comparables where available.
a portion of u.s. pension plan assets is held as a participating interest in an insurance annuity contract, which is calculated as the market value of investments held under this contract, less the accumulated benefit obligation covered by the contract.
the participating interest is classified as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy as the fair value is determined via a combination of quoted market prices, recently executed transactions, and an actuarial present value computation for contract obligations.
at december 31, 2019, the participating interest in the annuity contract was valued at
million in debt securities, less $
million for the accumulated benefit obligation covered by the contract.
at december 31, 2018, the participating interest in the annuity contract was valued at $
million in debt securities, less
million for the accumulated benefit obligation covered by the contract.
the net change from 2018 to
2019 is due to an increase in the fair value of the underlying investments of $
million offset by a decrease in the present value of the contract obligation of $
the participating interest is not available for meeting general pension benefit obligations in the near term.
no future company contributions are required and no new benefits are being accrued under this insurance annuity contract.
the fair values of our pension plan assets at december 31, by asset class were as follows:
equity securities u.s.
debt securities government
total in fair value hierarchy
investments measured at net asset value*
equity securities common/collective trusts
debt securities common/collective trusts
*in accordance with fasb asc topic
715, "compensation-retirement benefits," certain investments that are to be measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy.
the fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the change in fair value of plan assets.
**excludes the participating interest in the insurance annuity contract with a net asset of $
million and net receivables related to security transactions of $
the fair values of our pension plan assets at december 31, by asset class were as follows:
equity securities u.s.
debt securities government
time deposits
total in fair value hierarchy
investments measured at net asset value*
equity securities common/collective trusts
debt securities common/collective trusts
*in accordance with fasb asc topic
715, "compensation-retirement benefits," certain investments that are to be measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy.
the fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the change in fair value of plan assets.
**excludes the participating interest in the insurance annuity contract with a net asset of $
million and net receivables related to security transactions of $
level 3 activity was not material for all periods.
our funding policy for u.s. plans is to contribute at least the minimum required by the employee retirement income security act of 1974 and the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended.
contributions to foreign plans are dependent upon local laws and tax regulations.
million to our domestic qualified and nonqualified pension and postretirement benefit plans and $
million to our international qualified and nonqualified pension and postretirement benefit plans.
the following benefit payments, which are exclusive of amounts to be paid from the insurance annuity contract and which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid:
millions of dollars pension other benefits benefits u.s.
severance accrual the following table summarizes our severance accrual activity for the year ended december 31, 2019:
benefit payments
defined contribution plans most u.s. employees are eligible to participate in the conocophillips savings plan (cpsp).
employees can deposit up to
percent of their eligible pay, subject to statutory limits, in the cpsp to a choice of approximately
investment options.
percent company cash match with a potential company discretionary cash contribution of up to
effective january 1, 2019, new employees, rehires, and employees that elected to opt out of title ii are eligible to receive a crc of
after three years of service with the company, the employee is
company contributions charged to expense for the cpsp and predecessor plans were $
we have several defined contribution plans for our international employees, each with its own terms and eligibility depending on location.
total compensation expense recognized for these international plans was approximately $
share-based compensation plans the 2014 omnibus stock and performance incentive plan of conocophillips (the plan) was approved by shareholders in may 2014.
over its
million shares of our common stock for compensation to our employees and directors; however, as of the effective date of the plan,
(i) any shares of common stock available for future awards under the prior plans and (ii)
any shares of common stock represented by awards granted under the prior plans that are forfeited, expire or are cancelled without delivery of shares of common stock or which result in the forfeiture of shares of common stock back to the company shall be available for awards under the plan, and no new awards shall be granted under the prior plans.
of the 79 million shares available for issuance under the plan, no more than
million shares of common stock are available for incentive stock options.
the human resources and compensation committee
of our board of directors is authorized to determine the types, terms, conditions and limitations of awards granted.
awards may be granted in the form of, but not limited to, stock options, restricted stock units and performance share units to employees and non-employee directors who contribute to the company's continued success and profitability.
total share-based compensation expense is measured using the grant date fair value for our equity-classified awards and the settlement date fair value for our liability-classified awards.
we recognize share-based compensation expense over the shorter of the service period (i.e., the stated period of time required to earn the award); or the period beginning at the start of the service period and ending when an employee first becomes eligible for retirement, but not less than six months, as this is the minimum period of time required for an award to not be subject to forfeiture.
our share-based compensation programs generally provide accelerated vesting (i.e., a waiver of the remaining period of service required to earn an award) for awards held by employees at the time of their retirement.
we recognize expense on a straight-line basis over the service period for the entire award, whether the award was granted with ratable or cliff vesting.
-total share-based compensation expense recognized in income (loss) and the associated tax benefit for the years ended december 31 were as follows:
tax benefit
stock options
stock options granted under the provisions of the plan and prior plans permit purchase of our common stock at exercise prices equivalent to the average fair market value of conocophillips common stock on the date the options were granted. the options have terms of 10 years and generally vest ratably, with one-
third of the options awarded vesting and becoming exercisable on each anniversary date following the date of grant. options awarded to certain employees already eligible for retirement vest within six months of the grant date, but those options do not become exercisable until the end of the normal vesting period. beginning in
2018, stock option grants were discontinued and replaced with three-year, time-vested restricted stock units which generally will be cash-settled.
the fair market values of the options granted in
2017 were measured on the date of grant using the black-scholes-merton option-pricing model.
volatility factor
there were no ranges in the assumptions used to determine the fair market values of our options granted in
we believe our historical volatility for periods prior to the 2012 separation of our downstream businesses is no longer relevant in estimating expected volatility.
for 2017, expected volatility was based on the weighted-
average blend of the company's historical stock price volatility from may 1, 2012 (the date of separation of our
downstream businesses) through the stock option grant date and the average historical stock price volatility of a group of peer companies for the expected term of the options.
the following summarizes our stock option activity for the year ended december 31, 2019:
millions of dollars weighted-average aggregate options exercise price intrinsic value outstanding at december 31, 2018
forfeited
the weighted-average remaining contractual term of outstanding options, vested options and exercisable options at december 31, 2019, was
the weighted-average grant date fair value of stock option awards granted during 2017 was $
the aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised was $
million in cash and realized a tax benefit of $
million from the exercise of options.
at december 31, 2019, the remaining unrecognized compensation expense from unvested options was zero
stock unit program-
generally, restricted stock units are granted annually under the provisions of the plan and vest in an aggregate installment on the third anniversary of the grant date. in addition, restricted stock units granted under the plan for a variable long-term incentive program vest ratably in three equal annual installments beginning on the first anniversary of the grant date. restricted stock units are also granted ad hoc to attract or retain key personnel, and the terms and conditions under which these restricted stock units vest vary by award
stock-settled upon vesting, these restricted stock units are settled by issuing one share of conocophillips common stock per unit. units awarded to retirement eligible employees vest six months from the grant date; however, those units are not issued as common stock until the earlier of separation from the company or the end of the regularly scheduled vesting period. until issued as stock, most recipients of the restricted stock units receive a quarterly cash payment of a dividend equivalent that is charged to retained earnings. the grant date fair market value of these restricted stock units is deemed equal to the average conocophillips stock price on the grant date. the grant date fair market value of units that do not receive a dividend equivalent while unvested is deemed equal to the average conocophillips stock price on the grant date, less the net present value of the dividends that will not be received
the following summarizes our stock-settled stock unit activity for the year ended december
weighted-average millions of dollars stock units grant date fair value total fair value outstanding at december 31, 2018
forfeited
at december 31, 2019, the remaining unrecognized compensation cost from the unvested stock-settled units was $
the weighted-average grant date fair value of stock unit awards granted during 2018 and
the total fair value of stock units issued during
cash-settled beginning in 2018, cash-settled executive restricted stock units replaced the stock option program. these restricted stock units, subject to elections to defer, will be settled in cash equal to the fair market value of a share of conocophillips common stock per unit on the settlement date and are classified as liabilities on the balance sheet. units awarded to retirement eligible employees vest six months from the grant date; however, those units are not settled until the earlier of separation from the company or the end of the regularly scheduled vesting period. compensation expense is initially measured using the average fair market value of conocophillips common stock and is subsequently adjusted, based on changes in the conocophillips stock price through the end of each subsequent reporting period, through the settlement date. recipients receive an accrued reinvested dividend equivalent that is charged to compensation expense. the accrued reinvested dividend is paid at the time of settlement, subject to the terms and conditions of the award.
the following summarizes our cash-settled stock unit activity for the year ended december 31, 2019:
weighted-average millions of dollars stock units grant date fair value total fair value outstanding at december 31, 2018
forfeited
at december 31, 2019, the remaining unrecognized compensation cost from the unvested cash-settled units was $
the weighted-average grant date fair value of stock unit awards granted during 2018
the total fair value of stock units issued during
performance share program
-under the plan, we also annually grant restricted performance share units
(psus) to senior management.
these psus are authorized three years prior to their effective grant date (the performance period).
compensation expense is initially measured using the average fair market value of conocophillips common stock and is subsequently adjusted, based on changes in the conocophillips stock price through the end of each subsequent reporting period, through the grant date for stock-settled awards and the settlement date for cash-settled awards.
stock-settled for performance periods beginning before 2009, psus do not vest until the employee becomes eligible for retirement by reaching age 55 with five years of service, and restrictions do not lapse until the employee separates from the company. with respect to awards for performance periods beginning in 2009 through 2012, psus do not vest until the earlier of the date the employee becomes eligible for retirement by reaching age 55
with five years of service or five years after the grant date of the award, and restrictions do not lapse until the earlier of the employee's separation from the company or five years after the grant date (although recipients can elect to defer the lapsing of restrictions until separation). we recognize compensation expense for these awards beginning on the grant date and ending on the date the psus are scheduled to vest. since these awards are authorized three years prior to the grant date, for employees eligible for retirement by or shortly after the grant date, we recognize compensation expense over the period beginning on the date of authorization and ending on the date of grant. until issued as stock, recipients of the psus receive a quarterly cash payment of a dividend equivalent that is charged to retained earnings. beginning in 2013, psus authorized for future grants will vest, absent employee election to defer, upon settlement following the conclusion of the three-year performance period. we recognize compensation expense over the period beginning on the date of authorization and ending on the conclusion of the performance period. psus are settled by issuing one share of conocophillips common stock per unit.
the following summarizes our stock-settled performance share program activity for the year ended december 31, 2019:
weighted-average millions of dollars stock units grant date fair value total fair value outstanding at december 31, 2018
forfeited
at december 31, 2019, the remaining unrecognized compensation cost from unvested stock-settled performance share awards was zero
the weighted-average grant date fair value of stock-settled psus granted during 2018 and 2017 was $
the total fair value of stock-settled psus issued during 2018 and 2017 was $
cash-settled in connection with and immediately following the separation of our downstream businesses in 2012, grants of new psus, subject to a shortened performance period, were authorized.
once granted, these psus vest, absent employee election to defer, on the earlier of five years after the grant date of the award or the date the employee becomes eligible for retirement.
for employees eligible for retirement by or shortly after the grant date, we recognize compensation expense over the period beginning on the date of authorization and ending on the date of grant.
these psus are settled in cash equal to the fair market value of a share of conocophillips common stock per unit on the settlement date and thus are classified as liabilities on the balance sheet.
beginning in 2013, psus authorized for future grants will vest upon settlement following the conclusion of the three-year performance period.
we recognize compensation expense over the period beginning on the date of authorization and ending at the conclusion of the performance period.
these psus will be settled in cash equal to the fair market value of a share of conocophillips common stock per unit on the settlement date and are classified as liabilities on the balance sheet.
for performance periods beginning before
2018, during the performance period, recipients of the psus do not receive a quarterly cash payment of a dividend equivalent, but after the performance period ends, until settlement in cash occurs, recipients of the psus receive a quarterly cash payment of a dividend equivalent that is charged to compensation expense.
for the performance period beginning in 2018, recipients of the psus receive an accrued reinvested dividend equivalent that is charged to compensation expense.
the accrued reinvested dividend is paid at the time of settlement, subject to the terms and conditions of the award.
the following summarizes our cash-settled performance share program activity for the year ended december 31, 2019:
weighted-average millions of dollars stock units grant date fair value total fair value outstanding at december 31, 2018
forfeited
at december 31, 2019, the remaining unrecognized compensation cost from unvested cash-settled performance share awards was zero
the weighted-average grant date fair value of cash-settled psus granted during 2018 and 2017 was $
the total fair value of cash-settled performance share awards settled during 2018 and 2017
from inception of the performance share program through 2013, approved psu awards were granted after the conclusion of performance periods.
beginning in february 2014, initial target psu awards are issued near the beginning of new performance periods. these initial target psu awards will terminate at the end of the performance periods and will be settled after the performance periods have ended. also in 2014, initial target psu awards were issued for open performance periods that began in prior years. for the open performance period beginning in 2012, the initial target psu awards terminated at the end of the three-year performance period and were replaced with approved psu awards. for the open performance period beginning in 2013, the initial target psu awards terminated at the end of the three-year performance period and were settled after the performance period ended.
there is no effect on recognition of compensation expense.
-in addition to the above active programs, we have outstanding shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were either issued as part of our non-employee director compensation program for current and former members of the company's board of directors or as part of an executive compensation program that has been discontinued.
generally, the recipients of the restricted shares or units receive a quarterly dividend or dividend equivalent.
the following summarizes the aggregate activity of these restricted shares and units for the year ended december 31, 2019:
weighted-average millions of dollars stock units grant date fair value total fair value outstanding at december 31, 2018
at december 31, 2019, all outstanding restricted stock and restricted stock units were fully vested and there was no remaining compensation cost to be recorded.
the weighted-average grant date fair value of awards granted during 2018 and 2017 was $
the total fair value of awards issued during 2018 and 2017 was $
foreign current
deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for tax purposes.
major components of deferred tax liabilities and assets at december
deferred tax liabilities pp&e and intangibles
total deferred tax liabilities
deferred tax assets benefit plan accruals
asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs
investments in joint ventures
other financial accruals and deferrals
loss and credit carryforwards
total deferred tax assets
net deferred tax assets
net deferred tax liabilities
at december 31, 2019, noncurrent assets and liabilities included deferred taxes of $
at december 31, 2018, noncurrent assets and liabilities included deferred taxes of $
at december 31, 2019, the components of our loss and credit carryforwards before and after consideration of the applicable valuation allowances were:
millions of dollars net deferred expiration of gross deferred tax asset after net deferred tax asset valuation allowance tax asset u.s. foreign tax credits
u.s. general business credits
u.s. capital loss
state net operating losses and tax credits
various foreign net operating losses and tax credits
valuation allowances have been established to reduce deferred tax assets to an amount that will, more likely than not, be realized.
the increase primarily relates to deferred tax assets recognized during 2019 as a result of the finalization of rules related to the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act (tax legislation including ongoing issuance of tax regulations related to such legislation), as further discussed below.
based on our historical taxable income, expectations for the future, and available tax-planning strategies, management expects deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance, will primarily be realized as offsets to reversing deferred tax liabilities.
on december 2, 2019, the internal revenue service finalized foreign tax credit regulations related to the 2017
million of net deferred tax assets.
million of existing foreign tax credit carryovers where recognition was previously considered to be remote.
present legislation still makes their realization unlikely and therefore these credits have been offset with a full valuation allowance.
at december 31, 2019, unremitted income considered to be permanently reinvested in certain foreign subsidiaries and foreign corporate joint ventures totaled approximately $
deferred income taxes have not been provided on this amount, as we do not plan to initiate any action that would require the payment of income taxes.
the estimated amount of additional tax, primarily local withholding tax, that would be payable on this income if distributed is approximately
the following table shows a reconciliation of the beginning and ending unrecognized tax benefits for 2019,
additions based on tax positions related to the current year
additions for tax positions of prior years
reductions for tax positions of prior years
included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits for 2019, 2018 and 2017 were $
the balance of the unrecognized tax benefits increased in 2019 mainly due to the treatment of our pdvsa settlement. the balance of the unrecognized tax benefits increased in 2018 mainly due to the treatment of distributions from certain foreign subsidiaries.
the balance of unrecognized tax benefits increased in 2017
mainly due to the recognition of a u.s. worthless securities deduction that we do not believe will generate a cash tax benefit.
see note 13-contingencies and commitments, for more information on the pdvsa settlement.
at december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, accrued liabilities for interest and penalties totaled $
interest and penalties resulted in a benefit to earnings of $
million in 2019, a benefit to earnings of $
we file tax returns in the u.s. federal jurisdiction and in many foreign and state jurisdictions.
audits in major jurisdictions are generally complete as follows:
issues in dispute for audited years and audits for subsequent years are ongoing and in various stages of completion in the many jurisdictions in which we operate around the world.
consequently, the balance in unrecognized tax benefits can be expected to fluctuate from period to period.
it is reasonably possible such changes could be significant when compared with our total unrecognized tax benefits, but the amount of change is not estimable.
the amounts of u.s. and foreign income (loss)
before income taxes, with a reconciliation of tax at the federal statutory rate with the provision for income taxes, were:
income (loss) before income taxes united states
foreign
canada disposition
u.k. disposition
enhanced oil recovery credit
our effective tax rate for 2019 was favorably impacted by the sale of two of our u.k. subsidiaries.
the disposition generated a before-tax gain of more than
billion with an associated tax benefit of $
million. the disposition generated a u.s. capital loss of approximately $
tax benefit of approximately $
million. the remaining u.s. capital loss has been recorded as a deferred tax asset fully offset with a valuation allowance.
see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions, for additional information on the disposition.
during the third quarter of 2019, we received final partner approval in malaysia block g to claim certain deepwater tax credits. as a result, we recorded an income tax benefit of $
the decrease in the effective tax rate for 2018 was primarily due to the impact of the clair field disposition in the u.k. and our overall income position, partially offset by our mix of income among taxing jurisdictions.
our effective tax rate for 2018 was favorably impacted by the sale of a u.k. subsidiary to bp.
the disposition generated a before-tax gain of $
million with no associated tax cost.
see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions, for additional information on the disposition.
tax legislation was enacted in the u.s. on december 22, 2017, reducing the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent, requiring companies to pay a one-time transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were previously tax deferred and creating new taxes on certain foreign-sourced earnings.
sab 118 measurement period we applied the guidance in staff accounting bulletin no. 118 when accounting for the enactment-date effects of tax legislation in 2017 and throughout 2018.
at december 31, 2017, we had not completed our accounting for all the enactment-date income tax effects of tax legislation under asc 740, income taxes, for the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities and the one-time transition tax.
2018, we had completed our accounting for all the enactment-date income tax effects of tax legislation.
million to the provisional amounts recorded at december 31, 2017, and included these adjustments as a component of income tax provision.
provisional amounts-foreign tax effects the one-time transition tax is based on our total post-1986 earnings, the tax on which we previously deferred from u.s. income taxes under u.s. law.
time transition tax.
upon further analyses of tax legislation and notices and regulations issued and proposed by the u.s. department of the treasury and the internal revenue service, we finalized our calculations of the transition tax liability during 2018.
based upon this analysis, we did not incur a one-time transition tax.
as a result of the tax legislation, we removed the indefinite reinvestment assertion on one of our foreign subsidiaries and recorded a tax expense of $
deferred tax assets and liabilities as of december 31, 2017, we remeasured certain deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the rates at which they were expected to reverse in the future (which was generally 21 percent), by recording a provisional amount of $
31, 2018, we adjusted our provisional amount by
we have elected to account for gilti in the year the tax is incurred.
for 2019 and 2018, the current-year u.s.
income tax impact related to gilti activities is immaterial.
our effective tax rate in 2017 was favorably impacted by a tax benefit of $
million related to the canada disposition.
this tax benefit was primarily associated with a deferred tax recovery related to the canadian capital gains exclusion component of the 2017
canada disposition and the recognition of previously unrealizable canadian capital asset tax basis.
the canada disposition, along with the associated restructuring of our canadian operations, may generate an additional tax benefit of $
however, since we believe it is not likely we will receive a corresponding cash tax savings, this $
million benefit has been offset by a full tax reserve.
see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions for additional information on our canada disposition.
the impairment of our aplng investment in the second quarter of 2017 did not generate a tax benefit.
see the "aplng" section of note 6-investments, loans and long-term receivables, for information on the impairment of our aplng investment.
only yield a tax benefit in the u.s. as a worthless security deduction.
for 2019, 2018 and 2017, before consideration of unrecorded tax benefits discussed above, the amount of the tax benefit was $
note 20-accumulated other comprehensive loss accumulated other comprehensive loss in the equity section of the balance sheet included:
millions of dollars defined benefit plans net unrealized loss on securities foreign currency translation accumulated other comprehensive loss december 31, 2016
*we adopted asu no. 2016-01, "recognition and measurement of financial assets and liabilities," beginning january 1, 2018.
changes in accounting principles for additional information.
million of foreign currency translation adjustments related to the completion of our sale of two conocophillips u.k. subsidiaries.
for additional information related to this disposition, see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions.
there were no items within accumulated other comprehensive loss related to noncontrolling interests.
defined benefit plans
above amounts are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost and are presented net of tax expense of:
see note 18-employee benefit plans, for additional information.
note 21-cash flow information millions of dollars
noncash investing activities increase (decrease) in pp&e related to an increase
increase (decrease) in assets and liabilities acquired in a nonmonetary exchange*
investments and long-term receivables
other long-term assets
net sales (purchases) of investments short-term investments purchased
short-term investments sold
investments and long-term receivables purchased
*see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions.
the following items are included in the "cash flows from operating activities" section of our consolidated cash flows.
million from ecuador in 2018 and 2017, respectively, as installment payments related to an agreement reached with ecuador in 2017.
for more information on these settlements, see note 13-contingencies and commitments.
million contribution to our u.k. pension plan.
million adverse cash impact from the settlement of cross-currency swap transactions.
note 22-other financial information millions of dollars
capitalized
unrealized gains (losses) on cenovus energy common shares*
*see note 7-investment in cenovus energy, for additional information.
research and development expenditures
shipping and handling costs
foreign currency transaction (gains) losses
*excludes assets classified as held for sale at december 31,
asset acquisitions and dispositions, for additional information.
note 23-related party transactions our related parties primarily include equity method investments and certain trusts for the benefit of employees.
significant transactions with our equity affiliates were:
see note 6-investments, loans and long-term receivables, for additional information on loans to affiliated companies.
the table above includes transactions with the fccl partnership through the date of the sale.
investments, loans and long-term receivables, for additional information.
note 24-sales and other operating revenues revenue from contracts with customers the following table provides further disaggregation of our consolidated sales and other operating revenues:
revenue from contracts with customers
physical contracts meeting the definition of a derivative
financial derivative contracts
revenues from contracts outside the scope of asc topic 606 relate primarily to physical gas contracts at market prices which qualify as derivatives accounted for under asc topic 815, "derivatives and hedging,"
and for which we have not elected npns.
there is no significant difference in contractual terms or the policy for recognition of revenue from these contracts and those within the scope of asc topic 606.
the following disaggregation of revenues is provided in conjunction with note 25-segment disclosures and related information:
physical contracts meeting the definition of a derivative
physical contracts meeting the definition of a derivative
practical expedients typically, our commodity sales contracts are less than
we have long-term commodity sales contracts which use prevailing market prices at the time of delivery, and under these contracts, the market-
based variable consideration for each performance obligation (i.e., delivery of commodity) is allocated to each wholly unsatisfied performance obligation within the contract.
accordingly, we have applied the practical expedient allowed in asc topic 606 and do not disclose the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to performance obligations or when we expect to recognize revenues that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) as of the end of the reporting period.
receivables and contract liabilities receivables from contracts with customers at december 31, 2019, the "accounts and notes receivable" line on our consolidated balance sheet included trade receivables of $
million compared with $
million at december 31, 2018, and included both contracts with customers within the scope of asc topic 606 and those that are outside the scope of asc topic 606.
we typically receive payment within 30 days or less (depending on the terms of the invoice) once delivery is made.
revenues that are outside the scope of asc topic 606 relate primarily to physical gas sales contracts at market prices for which we do not elect npns and are therefore accounted for as a derivative under asc topic 815.
there is little distinction in the nature of the customer or credit quality of trade receivables associated with gas sold under contracts for which npns has not been elected compared with trade receivables where npns has been elected.
contract liabilities from contracts with customers we have entered into contractual arrangements where we license proprietary technology to customers related to the optimization process for operating lng plants. the agreements typically provide for negotiated payments to be made at stated milestones. the payments are not directly related to our performance under the contract and are recorded as deferred revenue to be recognized as revenue when the customer can utilize and benefit from their right to use the license. payments are received in installments over the construction period.
millions of dollars contract liabilities at december 31, 2018
we expect to recognize the contract liabilities as of december 31, 2019, as revenue during 2021 and 2022.
note 25-segment disclosures and related information we explore for, produce, transport and market crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls on a worldwide basis.
corporate and other represents costs not directly associated with an operating segment, such as most interest expense, premiums on early retirement of debt, corporate overhead and certain technology activities, including licensing revenues.
corporate assets include all cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments.
we evaluate performance and allocate resources based on net income (loss) attributable to conocophillips.
intersegment sales are at prices that approximate market.
the market for our products is large and diverse, therefore, our sales and other operating revenues are not dependent upon any single customer.
equity in earnings of affiliates alaska
consolidated equity in earnings of affiliates
investments in and advances to affiliates alaska
consolidated investments in and advances to affiliates
total assets alaska
consolidated total assets
capital expenditures and investments alaska
consolidated capital expenditures and investments
*includes lng and bitumen.
geographic information millions of dollars sales and other operating revenues
long-lived assets
united states
united kingdom
other foreign countries
(2) defined as net pp&e plus equity investments and advances to affiliated companies.
(3) long-lived assets do not include $
million of net pp&e associated with assets held for sale as of december 31,
see note 5-acquisitions and dispositions, for additional information.
(4) long-lived assets do not include $
million of net pp&e associated with assets held for sale as of december
see note 5-acquisitions and dispositions, for additional information.
note 26-new accounting standards in june 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-13, "measurement of credit losses on financial instruments"
(asu no. 2016-13), which sets forth the current expected credit loss model, a new forward-looking impairment model for certain financial instruments based on expected losses rather than incurred losses.
the asu is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after december 15, 2019.
entities are required to adopt asu no. 2016-13 using a modified retrospective approach, subject to certain limited exceptions.
the impact of adopting this asu is not expected to be material to our financial statements.
(unaudited)
in accordance with fasb asc topic 932, "extractive activities-oil and gas," and regulations of the sec, we are making certain supplemental disclosures about our oil and gas exploration and production operations.
these disclosures include information about our consolidated oil and gas activities and our proportionate share of our equity affiliates' oil and gas activities in our operating segments.
as a result, amounts reported as equity affiliates in oil and gas operations may differ from those shown in the individual segment disclosures reported elsewhere in this report.
our disclosures by geographic area include the u.s., canada, europe, asia pacific/middle east, and africa. period end proved reserves, capitalized costs, wells and acreage include held-
for-sale assets at december 31, 2019. see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information on held-for-sale assets.
as required by current authoritative guidelines, the estimated future date when an asset will be permanently shut down for economic reasons is based on historical
12-month first-of-month average prices and current costs.
therefore, as prices and cost levels change from year to year, the estimate of proved reserves also changes.
our proved reserves include estimated quantities related to pscs, which are reported under the "economic interest" method, as well as variable-royalty regimes, and are subject to fluctuations in commodity prices, recoverable operating expenses and capital costs.
if costs remain stable, reserve quantities attributable to recovery of costs will change inversely to changes in commodity prices.
for example, if prices increase, then our applicable reserve quantities would decline.
reserves governance the recording and reporting of proved reserves are governed by criteria established by regulations of the sec and fasb.
proved reserves are those quantities of oil and gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible-from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations-prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation.
the project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator must be reasonably certain it will commence the project within a reasonable time.
proved reserves are further classified as either developed or undeveloped.
proved developed reserves are proved reserves that can be expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods, or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared with the cost of a new well, and through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well.
proved undeveloped reserves are proved reserves expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. reserves on undrilled acreage are limited to those directly offsetting development spacing areas that are reasonably certain of production when drilled, unless evidence provided by reliable technologies exists that establishes reasonable certainty of economic producibility at greater distances. as defined by sec regulations, reliable technologies may be used in reserve estimation when they have been demonstrated in the field to provide reasonably certain results with consistency and repeatability in the formation being evaluated or in an analogous formation.
the technologies and data used in the estimation of our proved reserves include, but are not limited to, performance-based
methods, volumetric-based methods, geologic maps, seismic interpretation, well logs, well test data, core data, analogy and statistical analysis.
we have a companywide, comprehensive, sec-compliant internal policy that governs the determination and reporting of proved reserves.
this policy is applied by the geoscientists and reservoir engineers in our business units around the world.
as part of our internal control process, each business unit's reserves processes and controls are reviewed annually by an internal team which is headed by the company's manager of reserves compliance and reporting.
this team, composed of internal reservoir engineers, geoscientists, finance personnel and a senior representative from degolyer and macnaughton (d&m), a third-party petroleum engineering consulting firm, reviews the business units' reserves for adherence to sec guidelines and company policy through on-site visits, teleconferences and review of documentation.
in addition to providing independent reviews, this internal team also ensures reserves are calculated using consistent and appropriate standards and procedures.
this team is independent of business unit line management and is responsible for reporting its findings to senior management.
the team is responsible for communicating our reserves policy and procedures and is available for internal peer reviews and consultation on major projects or technical issues throughout the year.
all of our proved reserves held by consolidated companies and our share of equity affiliates have been estimated by conocophillips.
during 2019, our processes and controls used to assess over 90 percent of proved reserves as of december 31,
2019, were reviewed by d&m.
the purpose of their review was to assess whether the adequacy and effectiveness of our internal processes and controls used to determine estimates of proved reserves are in accordance with sec regulations.
in such review, conocophillips' technical staff presented d&m with an overview of the reserves data, as well as the methods and assumptions used in estimating reserves.
the data presented included pertinent seismic information, geologic maps, well logs, production tests, material balance calculations, reservoir simulation models, well performance data, operating procedures and relevant economic criteria.
management's intent in retaining d&m to review its processes and controls was to provide objective third-party input on these processes and controls.
d&m's opinion was the general processes and controls employed by conocophillips in estimating its december 31, 2019, proved reserves for the properties reviewed are in accordance with the sec reserves definitions.
d&m's report is included as exhibit 99 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the technical person primarily responsible for overseeing the processes and internal controls used in the preparation of the company's reserves estimates is the manager of reserves compliance and reporting.
he is a member of the society of petroleum engineers with over 25 years of oil and gas industry experience and has held positions of increasing responsibility in reservoir engineering, subsurface and asset management in the u.s. and several international field locations.
engineering estimates of the quantities of proved reserves are inherently imprecise.
see the "critical accounting estimates" section of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for additional discussion of the sensitivities surrounding these estimates.
equity affiliates end of 2016
equity affiliates end of 2016
equity affiliates end of 2016
notable changes in proved crude oil reserves in the three years ended december 31, 2019, included:
downward revisions in lower 48 were due to changes in development timing for specific well locations from the unconventional plays of 71 million barrels and price revisions of 22 million barrels, partially offset by upward revisions related to infill drilling and improved well performance of 57 million barrels.
in 2018, downward revisions in lower 48 were primarily due to changes in development timing for specific well locations from the unconventional plays and are more than offset by increases in planned well locations in the unconventional plays in the extensions and discoveries category.
downward revisions in lower 48 due to development timing were partially offset by higher prices. revisions in alaska, europe and asia pacific/middle east were primarily due to higher prices.
in 2018, alaska purchases were due to the greater kuparuk area and western north slope acquisitions.
: in 2019, extensions and discoveries in lower 48 were due to planned development to add specific well locations from the unconventional plays which more than offset the decreases in the revisions category.
in asia pacific/middle east, increases were due to sanctioning of development programs in china and malaysia.
were primarily due to changes in the development strategy to add specific well locations from the unconventional plays.
were primarily due to continued drilling success in the permian unconventional, eagle ford and bakken.
: in 2019, europe sales represent the disposition of the u.k. assets. in 2018, europe sales were due to the disposition of a subsidiary that held 16.5 percent of our 24 percent interest in the clair field in the u.k.
in 2017, canada sales were due to the disposition of a majority of our western canada assets.
equity affiliates end of 2016
equity affiliates end of 2016
equity affiliates end of 2016
notable changes in proved ngl reserves in the three years ended december 31, 2019, included:
were due to changes in development timing for specific well locations from the unconventional plays of 32 million barrels and price revisions of 11 million barrels, partially offset by upward revisions related to infill drilling and improved well performance of 32 million barrels.
in 2018, downward revisions in lower 48 were primarily due to changes in development timing for specific well locations from the unconventional plays and are more than offset by increases in planned well locations in the unconventional plays in the extensions and discoveries category.
: in 2019, extensions and discoveries in lower 48 were due to planned development to add specific well locations from the unconventional plays which more than offset the decreases in the revisions category.
were primarily due to changes in the development strategy to add specific well locations from the unconventional plays.
were primarily due to continued drilling success in the permian unconventional, eagle ford and bakken.
: in 2019, europe sales represent the disposition of the u.k. assets.
in 2018, lower 48 sales were primarily due to the disposition of our interests in the barnett.
in 2017, lower 48 sales were due to the disposition of our interests in the san juan basin and panhandle assets, while canada sales were due to the disposition of a majority of our western canada assets.
equity affiliates end of 2016
equity affiliates end of 2016
equity affiliates end of 2016
natural gas production in the reserves table may differ from gas production (delivered for sale) in our statistics disclosure, primarily because the quantities above include gas consumed in production operations.
quantities consumed in production operations are not significant in the periods presented.
the value of net production consumed in operations is not reflected in net revenues and production expenses, nor do the volumes impact the respective per unit metrics.
these volumes are not included in the calculation of our standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to proved oil and gas reserve quantities.
natural gas reserves are computed at 14.65 pounds per square inch absolute and 60 degrees fahrenheit.
notable changes in proved natural gas reserves in the three years ended december 31, 2019, included:
were due to changes in development timing for specific well locations from the unconventional plays of 207 bcf and price revisions of 125 bcf, partially offset by upward revisions related to infill drilling and improved well performance of 219 bcf.
in 2018, downward revisions in lower 48 were primarily due to changes in development timing for specific well locations from the unconventional plays and are more than offset by increases in planned well locations in the unconventional plays in the extensions and discoveries category.
downward revisions in lower 48 due to development timing were partially offset by higher prices.
revisions in alaska, canada, europe and our equity affiliates in asia pacific/middle east were primarily due to higher prices.
: in 2018, alaska purchases were due to the greater kuparuk area and western north slope acquisitions.
: in 2019, extensions and discoveries in lower 48 were due to planned development to add specific well locations from the unconventional plays which more than offset the decreases in the revisions category.
extensions and discoveries in our equity affiliates were due to ongoing development in aplng.
were primarily due to changes in the development strategy to add specific well locations from the unconventional plays.
extensions and discoveries in canada, europe and our equity affiliates in asia pacific/middle east were primarily driven by ongoing drilling successes in montney, norway and aplng, respectively.
were primarily due to continued drilling success in the permian unconventional, eagle ford and bakken.
: in 2019, europe sales represent the disposition of the u.k.
assets.
in 2018, lower 48 sales were primarily due to the disposition of our interest in barnett.
in 2017, lower 48 sales were due to the disposition of our interests in the san juan basin and panhandle assets, while canada sales were due to the disposition of a majority of our western canada assets.
years ended bitumen december 31
equity affiliates end of 2016
years ended bitumen december 31
equity affiliates end of 2016
equity affiliates end of 2016
notable changes in proved bitumen reserves in the three years ended december 31, 2019, included:
million barrels, partially offset by downward revisions due to changes in development timing for specific pad locations from the surmont development program of 31 million barrels.
: in 2019, extensions and discoveries in canada were due to planned development to add specific pad locations from the surmont development program, which offset the decrease in the revisions category of 31 million barrels.
: in 2017, sales were due to the disposition of our 50 percent interest in the fccl partnership in canada.
equity affiliates end of 2016
equity affiliates end of 2016
equity affiliates end of 2016
proved undeveloped reserves we had 1,327 mmboe of puds at year-end 2019, compared with 1,162 mmboe at year-end 2018.
the following table shows changes in total proved undeveloped reserves for 2019:
transfers to proved developed reserves were driven by the ongoing development of our assets. approximately half of the transfers were from the development of our lower 48 unconventional plays. the remainder of transfers were from development across the asia pacific/middle east, alaska, europe and canada regions.
downward revisions were driven by changes in development timing of 166 mmboe primarily in lower 48 and canada, largely offset by upward revisions for infill drilling of 147 mmboe primarily in lower 48, europe, alaska and africa.
extensions and discoveries were largely driven by an addition of 358 mmboe in lower 48 for the continued development of unconventional plays. the remaining extensions and discoveries were driven by the continued development planned in alaska, canada and asia pacific/middle east.
sales were due to the disposition of the u.k.
assets.
25 percent of total proved reserves, compared with 22 percent at december 31,
costs incurred for the year ended december
31, 2019, relating to the development of puds were $4.6 billion.
a portion of our costs incurred each year relates to development projects where the puds will be converted to proved developed reserves in future years.
at the end of 2019, more than 90 percent of total puds were under development or scheduled for development within five years of initial disclosure. the remainder are to be developed as parts of major projects ongoing in our canada, asia pacific/middle east and europe regions.
all major development areas are currently producing and are expected to have puds convert to proved developed over time.
of our total puds at year-end 2019, 81 percent are in north america, and 95 percent of these reserve volumes are planned for development within five years of initial disclosure.
results of operations the company's results of operations from oil and gas activities for the years 2019, 2018 and 2017 are shown in the following tables.
non-oil and gas activities, such as pipeline and marine operations, lng operations, crude oil and gas marketing activities, and the profit element of transportation operations in which we have an ownership interest are excluded.
additional information about selected line items within the results of operations tables is shown below:
sales include sales to unaffiliated entities attributable primarily to the company's net working interests and royalty interests.
transportation costs reflect fees to transport our produced hydrocarbons beyond the production function to a final delivery point using transportation operations which are consolidated.
other revenues include gains and losses from asset sales, certain amounts resulting from the purchase and sale of hydrocarbons, and other miscellaneous income.
production costs include costs incurred to operate and maintain wells, related equipment and facilities used in the production of petroleum liquids and natural gas.
depreciation of support equipment is reclassified as applicable.
other related expenses include inventory fluctuations, foreign currency transaction gains and losses and other miscellaneous expenses.
transportation costs
production costs excluding taxes
income tax provision (benefit)
equity affiliates sales
transportation costs
production costs excluding taxes
income tax provision (benefit)
transportation costs
production costs excluding taxes
income tax provision (benefit)
equity affiliates sales
transportation costs
production costs excluding taxes
income tax provision (benefit)
transportation costs
production costs excluding taxes
income tax provision (benefit)
equity affiliates sales
transportation costs
production costs excluding taxes
income tax provision (benefit)
united states
equity affiliates-
united states
equity affiliates-
bitumen consolidated operations-
equity affiliates-
united states
equity affiliates-
united states
equity affiliates
united states
equity affiliates
bitumen per barrel consolidated operations-
equity affiliates-
united states
equity affiliates
average sales prices for alaska crude oil and asia pacific/middle east natural gas above reflect a reduction for transportation costs in which we have an ownership interest that are incurred subsequent to the terminal point of the production function.
accordingly, the average sales prices differ from those discussed in item 7 of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
average production costs per barrel of oil equivalent*
united states
equity affiliates canada
total equity affiliates
average production costs per barrel-bitumen consolidated operations-
equity affiliates-
united states
equity affiliates canada
total equity affiliates
united states
equity affiliates canada
total equity affiliates
*includes bitumen.
development and exploration activities the following two tables summarize our net interest in productive and dry exploratory and development wells in the years ended december 31, 2019,
a "development well" is a well drilled within the proved area of a reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive.
an "exploratory well" is a well drilled to find and produce crude oil or natural gas in an unknown field or a new reservoir within a proven field.
exploratory wells also include wells drilled in areas near or offsetting current production, or in areas where well density or production history have not achieved statistical certainty of results.
united states
equity affiliates asia pacific/middle east
total equity affiliates
development consolidated operations alaska
united states
equity affiliates canada
total equity affiliates
the table below represents the status of our wells drilling at december 31, 2019, and includes wells in the process of drilling or in active completion.
it also represents gross and net productive wells, including producing wells and wells capable of production at december 31, 2019.
united states
equity affiliates asia pacific/middle east
total equity affiliates
united states
equity affiliates asia pacific/middle east
total equity affiliates
costs incurred year ended millions of dollars december 31
consolidated operations unproved property acquisition
proved property acquisition
development
equity affiliates unproved property acquisition
proved property acquisition
development
consolidated operations unproved property acquisition
proved property acquisition
development
equity affiliates unproved property acquisition
proved property acquisition
development
consolidated operations unproved property acquisition
proved property acquisition
development
equity affiliates unproved property acquisition
proved property acquisition
development
capitalized costs at december 31
equity affiliates proved property
equity affiliates proved property
standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to proved oil and gas reserve quantities in accordance with sec and fasb requirements, amounts were computed using
12-month average prices (adjusted only for existing contractual terms)
and end-of-year costs, appropriate statutory tax rates and a prescribed
twelve-month average prices are calculated as the unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within the 12-month period prior to the end of the reporting period.
for all years, continuation of year-end economic conditions was assumed.
the calculations were based on estimates of proved reserves, which are revised over time as new data becomes available.
the calculations also require assumptions as to the timing of future production of proved reserves and the timing and amount of future development costs, including dismantlement, and future production costs, including taxes other than income taxes.
while due care was taken in its preparation, we do not represent that this data is the fair value of our oil and gas properties, or a fair estimate of the present value of cash flows to be obtained from their development and production.
future production costs
future development costs
future income tax provisions
equity affiliates future cash inflows
future production costs
future development costs
future income tax provisions
future production costs
future development costs
future income tax provisions
equity affiliates future cash inflows
future production costs
future development costs
future income tax provisions
future production costs
future development costs
future income tax provisions
equity affiliates future cash inflows
future production costs
future development costs
future income tax provisions
sources of change in discounted future net cash flows millions of dollars consolidated operations equity affiliates total company
changes during the year revenues less production costs for the year
net change in prices and production costs
extensions, discoveries and improved recovery, less estimated future costs
development costs for the year
changes in estimated future development costs
purchases of reserves in place, less estimated future costs
sales of reserves in place, less estimated future costs
revisions of previous quantity estimates
net change in income taxes
total changes
the net change in prices and production costs is the beginning-of-year reserve-production forecast multiplied by the net annual change in the per-unit sales price and production cost, discounted at 10 percent.
purchases and sales of reserves in place, along with extensions, discoveries and improved recovery, are calculated using production forecasts of the applicable reserve quantities for the year multiplied by the
12-month average sales prices, less future estimated costs, discounted at 10 percent.
revisions of previous quantity estimates are calculated using production forecast changes for the year, including changes in the timing of production, multiplied by the 12-month average sales prices, less future estimated costs, discounted at
the accretion of discount is 10 percent of the prior year's discounted future cash inflows, less future production and development costs.
the net change in income taxes is the annual change in the discounted future income tax provisions.
selected quarterly financial data
(unaudited)
attributable operating before income attributable to to conocophillips revenues income taxes
for additional information on the commodity price environment, see the business environment and executive overview section of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
supplementary information-condensed consolidating financial information we have various cross guarantees among conocophillips, conocophillips company and burlington resources llc, with respect to publicly held debt securities.
burlington resources llc is 100 percent owned by conocophillips company.
conocophillips and/or conocophillips company have fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment obligations of burlington resources llc, with respect to its publicly held debt securities.
similarly, conocophillips has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment obligations of conocophillips company with respect to its publicly held debt securities.
in addition, conocophillips company has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment obligations of conocophillips with respect to its publicly held debt securities.
the following condensed consolidating financial information presents the results of operations, financial position and cash flows for:
conocophillips, conocophillips company and burlington resources llc (in each case, reflecting investments in subsidiaries utilizing the equity method of accounting).
billion return of capital and a $
these transactions had no impact on our consolidated financial statements.
billion return of capital and a $
these transactions had no impact on our consolidated financial statements.
these transactions had no impact on our consolidated financial statements.
billion return of capital and a $
these transactions had no impact on our consolidated financial statements.
billion return of capital and a $
this transaction had no impact on our consolidated financial statements.
billion return of capital from nonguarantor subsidiaries to settle certain accumulated intercompany balances.
these transactions had no impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in 2019, burlington resources llc received a $
these transactions had no impact on our consolidated financial statements.
this condensed consolidating financial information should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes.
income statement conocophillips conocophillips company burlington resources llc all other subsidiaries consolidating adjustments total consolidated revenues and other income sales and other operating revenues
equity in earnings of affiliates
gain (loss) on dispositions
costs and expenses purchased commodities
accretion on discounted liabilities
foreign currency transaction losses
total costs and expenses
income before income taxes
income tax provision (benefit)
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests
equity in earnings of affiliates
gain on dispositions
costs and expenses purchased commodities
accretion on discounted liabilities
foreign currency transaction (gains) losses
total costs and expenses
income before income taxes
income tax provision (benefit)
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests
see notes to consolidated financial statements.
income statement conocophillips conocophillips company burlington resources llc all other subsidiaries consolidating adjustments total consolidated revenues and other income sales and other operating revenues
equity in earnings (losses) of affiliates
gain on dispositions
costs and expenses purchased commodities
accretion on discounted liabilities
foreign currency transaction (gains) losses
total costs and expenses
income (loss) before income taxes
income tax provision (benefit)
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests
see notes to consolidated financial statements.
balance sheet conocophillips conocophillips company burlington resources llc all other subsidiaries consolidating adjustments total consolidated assets cash and cash equivalents
short-term investments
investment in cenovus energy
prepaid expenses and other current assets
total current assets
investments, loans and long-term receivables*
other assets
total assets
liabilities and stockholders' equity accounts payable
employee benefit obligations
total current liabilities
asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs
employee benefit obligations
other liabilities and deferred credits*
total liabilities
other common stockholders' equity
noncontrolling interests
total liabilities and stockholders'
equity
assets cash and cash equivalents
short-term investments
investment in cenovus energy
prepaid expenses and other current assets
total current assets
investments, loans and long-term receivables*
other assets
total assets
liabilities and stockholders' equity accounts payable
employee benefit obligations
total current liabilities
asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs
employee benefit obligations
other liabilities and deferred credits*
total liabilities
other common stockholders' equity
noncontrolling interests
total liabilities and stockholders'
equity
see notes to consolidated financial statements.
statement of cash flows conocophillips conocophillips company burlington resources llc all other subsidiaries consolidating adjustments total consolidated cash flows from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities
cash flows from investing activities capital expenditures and investments
working capital changes associated with investing activities
proceeds from asset dispositions
net purchases of investments
intercompany cash management
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
cash flows from financing activities issuance of debt
net cash used in financing activities
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
cash flows from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities
cash flows from investing activities capital expenditures and investments
working capital changes associated with investing activities
proceeds from asset dispositions
net sales of short-term investments
intercompany cash management
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
cash flows from financing activities issuance of debt
net cash used in financing activities
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
*revised to reclassify certain intercompany distributions from operating activities to 'proceeds from asset dispositions' within investing activities based on the nature of the distributions.
statement of cash flows conocophillips conocophillips company burlington resources llc all other subsidiaries consolidating adjustments total consolidated cash flows from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities
cash flows from investing activities capital expenditures and investments
working capital changes associated with investing activities
proceeds from asset dispositions
net purchases of short-term investments
intercompany cash management
net cash provided by investing activities
cash flows from financing activities issuance of debt
net cash used in financing activities
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
net change in cash and cash equivalents
see notes to consolidated financial statements.
item 9.
changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure none.
item 9a.
controls and procedures we maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure information required to be disclosed in reports we file or submit under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the act), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in securities and exchange commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
as of december 31, 2019, with the participation of our management, our chairman and chief executive officer (principal executive officer) and our executive vice president and chief financial officer
(principal financial officer) carried out an evaluation, pursuant to rule 13a-15(b)
of the act, of conocophillips' disclosure controls and procedures
based upon that evaluation, our chairman and chief executive officer and our executive vice president and chief financial officer concluded our disclosure controls and procedures were operating effectively as of december 31, 2019.
there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in rule 13a-15(f) of the act, in the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting this report is included in item 8 on page
report of independent registered public accounting firm this report is included in item 8 on page
item 9b.
other information none.
part iii item 10.
directors, executive officers and corporate governance information regarding our executive officers appears in part i of this report on page 29.
code of business ethics and conduct for directors and employees we have a code of business ethics and conduct for directors and employees (code of ethics), including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and persons performing similar functions.
we have posted a copy of our code of ethics on the "corporate governance" section of our internet website at www.conocophillips.com
(within the investors>corporate governance section)
"corporate governance" section of our internet website.
all other information required by item 10 of part iii will be included in our proxy statement relating to our
2020 annual meeting of stockholders, to be filed pursuant to regulation 14a on or before april 30, 2020, and is incorporated herein by reference.*
item 11.
executive compensation information required by item 11 of part iii will be included in our proxy statement relating to our 2020
annual meeting of stockholders, to be filed pursuant to regulation 14a on or before april 30,
item 12.
security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters information required by item 12 of part iii will be included in our proxy statement relating to our 2020
annual meeting of stockholders, to be filed pursuant to regulation 14a on or before april 30,
item 13.
certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence information required by item 13 of part iii will be included in our proxy statement relating to our 2020
annual meeting of stockholders, to be filed pursuant to regulation 14a on or before april 30,
item 14.
principal accounting fees and services information required by item 14 of part iii will be included in our proxy statement relating to our 2020
annual meeting of stockholders, to be filed pursuant to regulation 14a on or before april 30,
*except for information or data specifically incorporated herein by reference under items 10 through 14, other information and data appearing in our 2020 proxy statement are not deemed to be a part of this annual report on form 10-k or deemed to be filed with the commission as a part of this report.
part iv item 15.
exhibits, financial statement schedules
financial statements and supplementary data the financial statements and supplementary information listed in the index to financial statements, which appears on page
financial statement schedules schedule ii-valuation and qualifying accounts, appears below.
all other schedules are omitted because they are not required, not significant, not applicable or the information is shown in another schedule, the financial statements or the notes to consolidated financial statements.
exhibits the exhibits listed in the index to exhibits, which appears on pages
allowance for doubtful accounts and notes receivable
included in other liabilities:
restructuring accruals
allowance for doubtful accounts and notes receivable
included in other liabilities:
restructuring accruals
allowance for doubtful accounts and notes receivable
included in other liabilities:
restructuring accruals
(a)represents acquisitions/dispositions/revisions and the effect of translating foreign financial statements.
(c)benefit payments.