item 1a-risk factors the risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. we could also be affected by additional risks that apply to all companies operating in the u.s. and globally, as well as other risks that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial. these risk factors should be carefully reviewed in conjunction with management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in item 8 of this report.
business and operating risks we are highly dependent on the financial performance of our u.s. and canadian operations.
our financial and operational performance is highly dependent on our u.s. and canadian operations, which comprised 87% and 84% of net sales and operating income in 2019, respectively. within the u.s., we are highly dependent on our california operations, which comprised 30% of u.s. net sales in 2019. our california market, in general, has a larger percentage of higher volume warehouses as compared to our other domestic markets. any substantial slowing or sustained decline in these operations could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. declines in financial performance of our u.s. operations, particularly in california, and our canadian operations could arise from, among other things: slow growth or declines in comparable warehouse sales (comparable sales); negative trends in operating expenses, including increased labor, healthcare and energy costs; failing to meet targets for warehouse openings; cannibalizing existing locations with new warehouses; shifts in sales mix toward lower gross margin products; changes or uncertainties in economic conditions in our markets, including higher levels of unemployment and depressed home values; and failing to consistently provide high quality and innovative new products.
we may be unsuccessful implementing our growth strategy, including expanding our business in existing markets and new markets, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our growth is dependent, in part, on our ability to acquire property and build or lease new warehouses and depots. we compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations. local land use and other regulations restricting the construction and operation of our warehouses and depots, as well as local community actions opposed to the location of our warehouses or depots at specific sites and the adoption of local laws restricting our operations and environmental regulations, may impact our ability to find suitable locations and increase the cost of sites and of constructing, leasing and operating warehouses and depots. we also may have difficulty negotiating leases or purchase agreements on acceptable terms. in addition, certain jurisdictions have enacted or proposed laws and regulations that would prevent or restrict the operation or expansion plans of certain large retailers and warehouse clubs, including us. failure to effectively manage these and other similar factors may affect our ability to timely build or lease and operate new warehouses and depots, which could have a material adverse effect on our future growth and profitability.
we seek to expand in existing markets to attain a greater overall market share. a new warehouse may draw members away from our existing warehouses and adversely affect their comparable sales performance, member traffic, and profitability.
we intend to continue to open warehouses in new markets, including china. associated risks include difficulties in attracting members due to a lack of familiarity with us, attracting members of other wholesale club operators, our lesser familiarity with local member preferences, and seasonal differences in the market. entry into new markets may bring us into competition with new competitors or with existing competitors with a large, established market presence. we cannot ensure that new warehouses and new e-commerce websites will be profitable and, as a result, future profitability could be delayed or otherwise materially adversely affected.
our failure to maintain membership growth, loyalty and brand recognition could adversely affect our results of operations.
membership loyalty and growth are essential to our business. the extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. damage to our brands or reputation may negatively impact comparable sales, diminish member trust, and reduce renewal rates and, accordingly, net sales and membership fee revenue, negatively impacting our results of operations.
we sell many products under our kirkland signature brand. maintaining consistent product quality, competitive pricing, and availability of these products is essential to developing and maintaining member loyalty. these products also generally carry higher margins than national brand products carried in our warehouses and represent a growing portion of our overall sales. if the kirkland signature brand experiences a loss of member acceptance or confidence, our sales and gross margin results could be adversely affected.
disruptions in our merchandise distribution or processing, packaging, manufacturing, and other facilities could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction.
we depend on the orderly operation of the merchandise receiving and distribution process, primarily through our depots. we also rely upon processing, packaging, manufacturing and other facilities to support our business, which includes the production of certain private-label items. although we believe that our operations are efficient, disruptions due to fires, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes or other catastrophic events, labor issues or other shipping problems may result in delays in the production and delivery of merchandise to our warehouses, which could adversely affect sales and the satisfaction of our members.
we may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.
it is difficult to consistently and successfully predict the products and services that our members will desire. our success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and respond to trends in demographics and consumer preferences. failure to identify timely or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences (including those relating to sustainability of product sources and animal welfare) and spending patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. if we are not successful at predicting our sales trends and adjusting our purchases accordingly, we may have excess inventory, which could result in additional markdowns and reduce our operating performance. this could have an adverse effect on net sales, gross margin and operating income.
we rely extensively on information technology to process transactions, compile results, and manage our business. failure or disruption of our primary and back-up systems could adversely affect our business. a failure to adequately update our existing systems and implement new systems could harm our business and adversely affect our results of operations.
given the very high volume of transactions we process it is important that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical systems. our systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes, and errors or misfeasance by our employees. if our systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations. any material interruption in these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we are currently making and will continue to make investments to improve or advance critical information systems and processing capabilities. failure to monitor and choose the right investments and implement them at the right pace could be harmful. the risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken, although we believe that our change management process should mitigate this risk. excessive technological change could impact the effectiveness of adoption, and could make it more
difficult for us to realize benefits. targeting the wrong opportunities, failing to make the best investments, or making an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs could result in the loss of our competitive position and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. the potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations. these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or may provide them on a delayed schedule or at a higher cost.
we previously identified a material weakness in our internal control related to ineffective information technology general controls and if we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control in the future, this could result in loss of investor confidence and adversely impact our stock price.
internal controls related to the operation of technology systems are critical to maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. we reported in our annual report on form 10-k as of september 2, 2018, a material weakness in internal control related to ineffective information technology general controls (itgcs) in the areas of user access and program change-management over certain information technology systems that support the company's financial reporting processes. during 2019, we completed the remediation measures related to the material weakness and concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of september 1, 2019. completion of remediation does not provide assurance that our remediation or other controls will continue to operate properly. if we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately, and to prepare financial statements within required time periods could be adversely affected, which could subject us to litigation or investigations requiring management resources and payment of legal and other expenses, negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements and adversely impact our stock price.
if we do not maintain the privacy and security of personal and business information, we could damage our reputation with members and employees, incur substantial additional costs, and become subject to litigation.
we receive, retain, and transmit personal information about our members and employees and entrust that information to third-party business associates, including cloud service-providers that perform activities for us. our warehouse and online businesses depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. a compromise of our security systems or defects within our hardware or software, or those of our business associates, that results in our members' or employees' information being obtained by unauthorized persons could adversely affect our reputation with our members and others, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and could result in litigation, government actions, or the imposition of penalties. in addition, a breach could require expending significant additional resources related to the security of information systems and could disrupt our operations.
the use of data by our business and our business associates is highly regulated in all of our operating countries. privacy and information-security laws and regulations change, and compliance with them may result in cost increases due to, among other things, systems changes and the development of new processes. if we or those with whom we share information fail to comply with laws and regulations, such as the general data protection regulation (gdpr) and california consumer privacy act (ccpa), our reputation could be damaged, possibly resulting in lost business, and we could be subjected to additional legal risk or financial losses as a result of non-compliance.
we have security measures and controls to protect personal and business information and continue to make investments to secure access to our information technology network. these measures may be undermined, however, due to the actions of outside parties, employee error, internal or external malfeasance, or otherwise, and, as a result an unauthorized party may obtain access to our data systems and misappropriate business and personal information. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may not immediately produce signs of intrusion, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, timely discover or counter them, or implement adequate
preventative measures. any such breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and potentially have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash and checks, select credit and debit cards, and our shop card. as we offer new payment options to our members, we may be subject to additional rules, regulations, compliance requirements, and higher fraud losses. for certain payment methods, we pay interchange and other related acceptance fees, along with additional transaction processing fees. we rely on third parties to provide payment transaction processing services for credit and debit cards and our shop card. it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. we are also subject to evolving payment card association and network operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers. for example, we are subject to payment card industry data security standards ("pci dss"), which contain compliance guidelines and standards with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of individual cardholder data. if our internal systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card re-issuance costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept card payments from our members, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
we might sell products that cause illness or injury to our members, harm to our reputation, and expose us to litigation.
if our merchandise, such as food and prepared food products for human consumption, drugs, children's products, pet products and durable goods, do not meet or are perceived not to meet applicable safety standards or our members' expectations regarding safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs, litigation or reputational harm. the sale of these items involves the risk of health-related illness or injury to our members. such illnesses or injuries could result from tampering by unauthorized third parties, product contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects, substances, chemicals, other agents, or residues introduced during the growing, manufacturing, storage, handling and transportation phases, or faulty design. our suppliers are generally contractually required to comply with product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with safety and other standards. while we are subject to governmental inspection and regulations and work to comply in all material respects with applicable laws and regulations, we cannot be sure that consumption or use of our products will not cause illness or injury or that we will not be subject to claims, lawsuits, or government investigations relating to such matters, resulting in costly product recalls and other liabilities that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, negative publicity could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential members and our corporate and brand image, and these effects could be long term.
if we do not successfully develop and maintain a relevant omnichannel experience for our members, our results of operations could be adversely impacted.
omnichannel retailing is rapidly evolving, and we must keep pace with changing member expectations and new developments by our competitors. our members are increasingly using mobile phones, tablets, computers, and other devices to shop and to interact with us through social media. we are making investments in our websites and mobile applications. if we are unable to make, improve, or develop relevant member-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
inability to attract, train and retain highly qualified employees could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our success depends on the continued contributions of members of our senior management and other key operations, merchandising and administrative personnel. failure to identify and implement a succession plan for key senior management could negatively impact our business. we must attract, train and retain a large and growing number of qualified employees, while controlling related labor costs and maintaining our core values. our ability to control labor and benefit costs is subject to numerous internal and external factors, including regulatory changes, prevailing wage rates, and healthcare and other insurance costs. we compete with other retail and non-retail businesses for these employees and invest significant resources in training and motivating them. there is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified employees in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the company is predominantly self-insured for employee health care benefits, workers' compensation, general liability, property damage, directors' and officers' liability, vehicle liability, and inventory loss. insurance coverage is maintained in certain instances to limit exposures arising from very large losses. the types and amounts of insurance may vary from time to time based on our decisions with respect to risk retention and regulatory requirements. significant claims or events, regulatory changes, a substantial rise in costs of health care or costs to maintain our insurance or the failure to maintain adequate insurance coverage could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
although we maintain specific coverages for catastrophic property losses, we still bear the risk of losses incurred as a result of any physical damage to, or the destruction of, any warehouses, depots, manufacturing or home office facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption caused by any such events to the extent they are below catastrophic levels of coverage, as well as any losses to the extent they exceed our aggregate limits of applicable coverages. such losses could materially impact our cash flows and results of operations.
market and other external risks we face strong competition from other retailers and warehouse club operators, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the retail business is highly competitive. we compete for members, employees, sites, products and services and in other important respects with a wide range of local, regional and national wholesalers and retailers, both in the united states and in foreign countries, including other warehouse-club operators, supermarkets, supercenters, internet retailers, gasoline stations, hard discounters, department and specialty stores and operators selling a single category or narrow range of merchandise. such retailers and warehouse club operators compete in a variety of ways, including pricing, selection and availability, services, location, convenience, store hours, and the attractiveness and ease of use of websites and mobile applications. the evolution of retailing in online and mobile channels has improved the ability of customers to comparison shop, which has enhanced competition. some competitors may have greater financial resources and technology capabilities, better access to merchandise, and greater market penetration than we do. our inability to respond effectively to competitive pressures, changes in the retail markets and member expectations could result in lost market share and negatively affect our financial results.
general economic factors, domestically and internationally, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
higher energy and gasoline costs, inflation, levels of unemployment, healthcare costs, consumer debt levels, foreign-currency exchange rates, unsettled financial markets, weaknesses in housing and real estate markets, reduced consumer confidence, changes and uncertainties related to government fiscal and tax policies including changes in tax rates, duties, tariffs, or other restrictions, sovereign debt crises, and other
economic factors could adversely affect demand for our products and services, require a change in product mix, or impact the cost of or ability to purchase inventory. additionally, actions in various countries, particularly china and the united states, have created uncertainty with respect to tariff impacts on the costs of some of our merchandise. the degree of our exposure is dependent on (among other things) the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of the tariffs. the impact to our business, including net sales and gross margin, will be influenced in part by merchandising and pricing strategies in response to potential cost increases by us and our competitors. while these potential impacts are uncertain, they could have an adverse impact on our financial results.
prices of certain commodities, including gasoline and consumable goods used in manufacturing and our warehouse retail operations, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations, taxes and periodic delays in delivery. rapid and significant changes in commodity prices and our ability and desire to pass them through to our members may affect our sales and profit margins. these factors could also increase our merchandise costs and selling, general and administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect our operations and financial results. general economic conditions can also be affected by events like the outbreak of war or acts of terrorism.
suppliers may be unable to timely supply us with quality merchandise at competitive prices or may fail to adhere to our high standards, resulting in adverse effects on our business, merchandise inventories, sales, and profit margins.
we depend heavily on our ability to purchase quality merchandise in sufficient quantities at competitive prices. as the quantities we require continue to grow, we have no assurances of continued supply, appropriate pricing or access to new products, and any supplier has the ability to change the terms upon which they sell to us or discontinue selling to us. member demands may lead to out-of-stock positions leading to loss of sales and profits.
we buy from numerous domestic and foreign manufacturers and importers. our inability to acquire suitable merchandise on acceptable terms or the loss of key suppliers could negatively affect us. we may not be able to develop relationships with new suppliers, and products from alternative sources, if any, may be of a lesser quality or more expensive. because of our efforts to adhere to high quality standards for which available supply may be limited, particularly for certain food items, the large volumes we demand may not be consistently available.
our suppliers (and those they depend upon for materials and services) are subject to risks, including labor disputes, union organizing activities, financial liquidity, inclement weather, natural disasters, supply constraints, and general economic and political conditions that could limit their ability to timely provide us with acceptable merchandise. one or more of our suppliers might not adhere to our quality control, legal, regulatory, labor, environmental or animal welfare standards. these deficiencies may delay or preclude delivery of merchandise to us and might not be identified before we sell such merchandise to our members. this failure could lead to recalls and litigation and otherwise damage our reputation and our brands, increase costs, and otherwise adversely impact our business.
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations.
during 2019, our international operations, including canada, generated 27% and 35% of our net sales and operating income, respectively. our international operations have accounted for an increasing portion of our warehouses, and we plan to continue international growth. to prepare our consolidated financial statements, we translate the financial statements of our international operations from local currencies into u.s. dollars using current exchange rates. future fluctuations in exchange rates that are unfavorable to us may adversely affect the financial performance of our canadian and other international operations and have a corresponding adverse period-over-period effect on our results of operations. as we continue to expand internationally, our exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may increase.
a portion of the products we purchase is paid for in a currency other than the local currency of the country in which the goods are sold. currency fluctuations may increase our cost of goods and may not be passed on to members. consequently, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations.
natural disasters or other catastrophes could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
natural disasters, such as hurricanes, typhoons or earthquakes, particularly in california or washington state, where our centralized operating systems and administrative personnel are located, could negatively affect our operations and financial performance. such events could result in physical damage to our properties, the temporary closure of warehouses, depots, manufacturing or home office facilities, the temporary lack of an adequate work force, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from some local or overseas suppliers, the temporary disruption in the transport of goods to or from overseas, delays in the delivery of goods to our warehouses or depots, and the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our warehouses. public health issues, whether occurring in the u.s. or abroad, could disrupt our operations, disrupt the operations of suppliers or members, or have an adverse impact on consumer spending and confidence levels. these events could also reduce demand for our products or make it difficult or impossible to procure products. we may be required to suspend operations in some or all of our locations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
factors associated with climate change could adversely affect our business.
we use natural gas, diesel fuel, gasoline, and electricity in our distribution and warehouse operations. u.s. and foreign government regulations limiting carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions may increase compliance and merchandise costs, and other regulation affecting energy inputs could materially affect our profitability. climate change and extreme weather conditions, such as hurricanes, thunderstorms, tornadoes, and snow or ice storms, as well as rising sea levels could affect our ability to procure commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience. we also sell a substantial amount of gasoline, the demand for which could be impacted by concerns about climate change and which could face increased regulation.
failure to meet financial market expectations could adversely affect the market price and volatility of our stock.
we believe that the price of our stock currently reflects high market expectations for our future operating results. any failure to meet or delay in meeting these expectations, including our warehouse and e-commerce comparable sales growth rates, membership renewal rates, new member sign-ups, gross margin, earnings, earnings per share, new warehouse openings, or dividend or stock repurchase policies could cause the market price of our stock to decline.
legal and regulatory risks our international operations subject us to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic factors specific to the countries or regions in which we operate, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
at the end of 2019, we operated 239 warehouses outside of the u.s., and we plan to continue expanding our international operations. future operating results internationally could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, many similar to those we face in the u.s., certain of which are beyond our control. these factors include political and economic conditions, regulatory constraints, currency regulations, policy changes such as the u.k.'s vote to withdraw from the european union, commonly known as "brexit", and other matters in any of the countries or regions in which we operate, now or in the future. other factors that may impact international operations include foreign trade (including tariffs and trade sanctions), monetary and fiscal policies and the laws and regulations of the u.s. and foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations, and risks associated with having major facilities in locations which have been historically less stable than the u.s. risks inherent in international operations also include, among others, the costs and difficulties of
managing international operations, adverse tax consequences, and difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights.
changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations.
accounting principles and related pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations we apply to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including self-insurance liabilities and income taxes, are highly complex and involve subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. changes in rules or interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance and have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
we could be subject to additional tax liabilities.
we are subject to a variety of taxes and tax collection and remittance obligations in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. additionally, at any point in time, we may be under examination for value added, sales-based, payroll, product, import or other non-income taxes. we may recognize additional tax expense, be subject to additional tax liabilities, or incur losses and penalties, due to changes in laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, assessments by authorities and interpretations related to tax, including tax rules in various jurisdictions. we compute our income tax provision based on enacted tax rates in the countries in which we operate. as tax rates vary among countries, a change in earnings attributable to the various jurisdictions in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in our overall tax provision. additionally, changes in the enacted tax rates or adverse outcomes in tax audits, including transfer pricing disputes, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
significant changes in or failure to comply with regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials, hazardous and non-hazardous wastes and other environmental matters could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to a wide variety of federal, state, regional, local and international laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials, hazardous and non-hazardous wastes and other environmental matters. failure to comply with these laws could result in harm to our members, employees or others, significant costs to satisfy environmental compliance, remediation or compensatory requirements, or the imposition of severe penalties or restrictions on operations by governmental agencies or courts that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits and some of these outcomes could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business requires compliance with many laws and regulations. failure to achieve compliance could subject us to lawsuits and other proceedings, and lead to damage awards, fines, penalties, and remediation costs. we are or may become involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits, including grand jury investigations, government and agency investigations, and consumer, employment, tort, unclaimed property laws, and other litigation. we cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of these proceedings and other contingencies, including environmental remediation and other proceedings commenced by governmental authorities. the outcome of some of these proceedings, audits, unclaimed property laws, and other contingencies could require us to take, or refrain from taking, actions which could negatively affect our operations or could require us to pay substantial amounts of money, adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. additionally, defending against these lawsuits and proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management's attention and resources.
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data)
overview we believe that the most important driver of our profitability is sales growth, particularly comparable sales growth. we define comparable sales as sales from warehouses open for more than one year, including remodels, relocations and expansions, and sales related to e-commerce websites operating for more than one year. comparable sales growth is achieved through increasing shopping frequency from new and existing members and the amount they spend on each visit (average ticket). sales comparisons can also be particularly influenced by certain factors that are beyond our control: fluctuations in currency exchange rates (with respect to the consolidation of the results of our international operations); changes in the cost of gasoline and associated competitive conditions; and changes from the revenue recognition standard. the higher our comparable sales exclusive of these items, the more we can leverage certain of our selling, general and administrative expenses, reducing them as a percentage of sales and enhancing profitability. generating comparable sales growth is foremost a question of making available to our members the right merchandise at the right prices, a skill that we believe we have repeatedly demonstrated over the long term. another substantial factor in sales growth is the health of the economies in which we do business, including the effects of inflation or deflation, especially the united states. sales growth and gross margins are also impacted by our competition, which is vigorous and widespread, across a wide range of global, national and regional wholesalers and retailers, including those with e-commerce operations. while we cannot control or reliably predict general economic health or changes in competition, we believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to these changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and to our merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private-label items, and through online offerings.
our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at competitive prices. we do not focus in the short term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" on quality goods - consistently providing the most competitive values. our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting gross margin as a percentage of net sales (gross margin percentage). we believe that our gasoline business draws members but it generally has a significantly lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. a higher penetration of gasoline sales will generally lower our gross margin percentage. rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. generally, rising gasoline prices benefit net sales growth which, given the higher sales base, negatively impacts our gross margin percentage but decreases our selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses as a percentage of net sales. a decline in gasoline prices has the inverse effect. additionally, actions in various countries, particularly china and the united states, have created uncertainty with respect to how tariffs will affect the costs of some of our merchandise. the degree of our exposure is dependent on (among other things) the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of the tariffs. the impact to our net sales and gross margin will be influenced in part by our merchandising and pricing strategies in response to cost increases. while these potential impacts are uncertain, they could have an adverse impact on our results.
we also achieve sales growth by opening new warehouses. as our warehouse base grows, available and desirable sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. the negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are continuing to decline in significance as they relate to the results of our total operations. our rate of square footage growth is generally higher in foreign markets, due to the smaller base in those markets, and we expect that to continue. our e-commerce business growth, domestically and internationally, has also increased our sales.
the membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability. this format is designed to reinforce member loyalty and provide continuing fee revenue. the extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. our paid membership growth rate may be adversely impacted when warehouse openings occur in existing markets as compared to new markets.
our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs. while we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, most particularly health care and utility expenses. with respect to the compensation of our employees, our philosophy is not to seek to minimize their wages and benefits. rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. this may cause us, for example, to absorb costs that other employers might seek to pass through to their workforces. because our business is operated on very low margins, modest changes in various items in the consolidated statements of income, particularly merchandise costs and selling, general and administrative expenses, can have substantial impacts on net income.
our operating model is generally the same across our u.s., canada, and other international operating segments (see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report). certain countries in the other international segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower wages and benefits costs as a percentage of country sales, and/or less or no direct membership warehouse competition.
in discussions of our consolidated operating results, we refer to the impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, which are references to the differences between the foreign-exchange rates we use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. this impact of foreign-exchange rate changes is calculated based on the difference between the current period's currency exchange rates and that of the comparable prior period. the impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current period's average price per gallon sold and that of the comparable prior period.
highlights for 2019 included:
•   gross margin percentage decreased two basis points. excluding the impact of the new revenue recognition standard on net sales, gross margin as a percentage of adjusted net sales increased eight basis points;
•   selling, general &amp; administrative (sg&amp;a) expenses as a percentage of net sales increased two basis points. excluding the impact of the new revenue recognition standard on net sales, sg&amp;a as a percentage of adjusted net sales increased 11 basis points, primarily related to a $123 charge for a product tax assessment;
•   effective march 2019, starting and supervisor wages were increased and paid bonding leave was made available for hourly employees in the u.s. and canada. the estimated annualized pre-tax cost of these increases is approximately $50-$60;
•   the effective tax rate in 2019 was 22.3% compared to 28.4% in 2018. both years were favorably impacted by the tax cuts and jobs act (2017 tax act) and other net tax benefits;
changes in net sales:
changes in comparable sales:
increases in comparable sales excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency and gasoline prices(1):
(1)   excluding the impact of the revenue recognition standard for the year ended september 1, 2019. see note 1 in item 8.
changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted net sales by approximately $1,463, or 106 basis points, compared to 2018, attributable to our canadian and other international operations. the revenue recognition standard positively impacted net sales by $1,332, or 96 basis points. changes in gasoline prices did not have a material impact on net sales.
comparable sales comparable sales increased 6% during 2019 and were positively impacted by increases in both shopping frequency and average ticket. comparable sales were negatively impacted by cannibalization (established warehouses losing sales to our newly opened locations).
the increase in membership fees was primarily due to membership sign-ups at existing and new warehouses and the annual fee increase. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted membership fees by approximately $30 in 2019. at the end of 2019, our member renewal rates were 91% in the u.s. and canada and 88% worldwide.
as reported in 2017, we increased our annual membership fees in the u.s. and canada and in certain of our other international operations. we account for membership fee revenue on a deferred basis, recognized ratably over the one-year membership period. these fee increases had a positive impact of approximately $178 in 2018 and positively impacted 2019, primarily the first two quarters, by approximately $73.
less merchandise costs        132,886               123,152               111,882
the gross margin of our core merchandise categories (food and sundries, hardlines, softlines and fresh foods), when expressed as a percentage of core merchandise sales (rather than total net sales), increased seven basis points primarily due to increases in food and sundries and fresh foods partially offset by decreases in softlines and hardlines. this measure eliminates the impact of changes in sales penetration and gross margins from our warehouse ancillary and other businesses.
total gross margin percentage decreased two basis points compared to 2018. excluding the impact of the revenue recognition standard on net sales, gross margin as a percentage of adjusted net sales was 11.12%, an increase of eight basis points. this increase was primarily due to a 19 basis point increase in our warehouse ancillary and other businesses, predominantly our gasoline business. this increase was partially offset by decreases of four basis points in our core merchandise categories, four basis points due to an adjustment to our estimate of breakage on rewards earned under our co-branded credit card program and three basis points due to increased spending by members under the executive membership 2% reward program. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted gross margin by approximately $155 in 2019.
the segment gross margin percentage, when expressed as a percentage of the segment's own sales and excluding the impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales (segment gross margin percentage), increased in our u.s. operations, predominantly in our warehouse ancillary and other businesses, primarily our gasoline business. this increase was partially offset by decreases in our core merchandise categories and the breakage adjustment noted above. the segment gross margin percentage in our canadian operations decreased predominantly in hardlines and softlines and certain of our warehouse ancillary and other businesses, partially offset by an increase in fresh foods. the segment gross margin percentage in our other international operations decreased primarily in our core merchandise categories and due to the introduction of the executive membership 2% reward program in korea. this decrease was partially offset by an increase in our gasoline business.
sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales increased two basis points compared to 2018. excluding the impact of the revenue recognition standard on net sales, sg&a expenses as a percentage of adjusted net sales were 10.13%, an increase of 11 basis points. this increase is largely due to a $123 charge, or eight basis points, recorded in the u.s. related to a product tax assessment. central operating costs were higher by two basis points and stock compensation expense was higher by one basis point. operating costs as a percent of adjusted net sales related to warehouses, ancillary, and other businesses, which includes e-commerce and travel, were flat despite the wage increases and bonding leave benefits for u.s. and canadian hourly employees effective in march 2019. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar positively impacted sg&a expenses by approximately $124 in 2019.
warehouse openings, including relocations united states                                        18              17              15
preopening expenses include costs for startup operations related to new warehouses and relocations, developments in new international markets, new manufacturing and distribution facilities, and expansions at existing warehouses. preopening expenses vary due to the number of warehouse and facility openings, the timing of the opening relative to our year-end, whether a warehouse is owned or leased, and whether openings are in an existing, new, or international market. in 2019, we opened our first warehouse in china. subsequent to year end, operations commenced at our new poultry processing plant.
interest expense primarily relates to senior notes issued by the company. interest expense decreased in 2019 largely due to an increase in capitalized interest associated with our new poultry processing plant.
foreign-currency transaction gains (losses), net        27                23              (5   )
the increase in interest income in 2019 was primarily due to higher interest rates earned on higher average cash and investment balances. foreign-currency transaction gains (losses), net include the revaluation and settlement of monetary assets and liabilities and mark-to-market adjustments for forward foreign-exchange contracts by our canadian and other international operations. see derivatives and foreign currency sections in item 8, note 1 of this report.
provision for income taxes
provision for income taxes      $1,061              $1,263              $1,325
our effective tax rate for 2019 was favorably impacted by the reduction in the u.s. federal corporate tax rate in december 2017 from 35% to 21%, which was in effect for all of 2019, and compared to a higher blended rate effective for 2018. net discrete tax benefits of $221 in 2019 included a benefit of $59 related to the stock-based compensation accounting standard adopted in the first quarter of 2018. this also included a tax benefit of $105 related to u.s. taxation of deemed foreign dividends, offset by losses of foreign tax credits, which impacted the effective tax rate. the tax rate for 2019 was 26.9%, excluding the net discrete tax benefits.
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes our significant sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents:
net cash provided by operating activities      $6,356              $5,774              $6,726
net cash used in investing activities          (2,865   )          (2,947   )          (2,366   )
net cash used in financing activities          (1,147   )          (1,281   )          (3,218   )
our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from warehouse operations, cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments were $9,444 and $7,259 at the end of 2019 and 2018, respectively. of these balances, unsettled credit and debit card receivables represented approximately $1,434 and $1,348 at the end of 2019 and 2018, respectively. these receivables generally settle within four days. cash and cash equivalents were negatively impacted by a change in exchange rates of $15 and $37 in 2019 and 2018, respectively, and positively impacted by $25 in 2017.
management believes that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. we believe that our u.s. current and projected asset position is sufficient to meet our u.s. liquidity requirements. we no longer consider earnings after 2017 of our non-u.s. consolidated subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested.
cash flows from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities totaled $6,356 in 2019, compared to $5,774 in 2018. our cash flow provided by operations is primarily derived from net sales and membership fees. cash flow used in operations generally consists of payments to our merchandise suppliers, warehouse operating costs, including payroll and employee benefits, utilities, and credit and debit card processing fees. cash used in operations also includes payments for income taxes. changes in our net investment in merchandise inventories (the difference between merchandise inventories and accounts payable) is impacted by several factors, including how fast inventory is sold, payment terms with our suppliers, and the amount of payables paid early to obtain discounts from our suppliers.
cash flows from investing activities net cash used in investing activities totaled $2,865 in 2019, compared to $2,947 in 2018, and primarily related to capital expenditures. net cash flows from investing activities also includes maturities and purchases of short-term investments.
capital expenditures our primary requirement for capital is acquiring land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. capital is also required for information systems, manufacturing and distribution facilities, initial warehouse operations and working capital. in 2019, we spent $2,998 on capital expenditures, and it is our current intention to spend approximately $3,000 to $3,200 during fiscal 2020. these expenditures are expected to be financed with cash from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. we opened 25 new warehouses, including five relocations, in 2019, and plan to open approximately 22 additional new warehouses, including three relocations, in 2020. there can be no assurance that current expectations will be realized and plans are subject to change upon further review of our capital expenditure needs.
cash flows from financing activities net cash used in financing activities totaled $1,147 in 2019, compared to $1,281 in 2018. cash flows used in financing activities primarily related to the payment of dividends, withholding taxes on stock-based awards, and repurchases of common stock. dividends totaling $1,038 were paid during 2019, of which $250 related to the dividend declared in august 2018. in august 2019, approximately $200 and $100 of guaranteed senior notes were issued by our japanese subsidiary at fixed interest rates of 0.28% and 0.42%, respectively.
stock repurchase programs in april 2019, the board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program in the amount of $4,000, which expires in april 2023. this authorization revoked previously authorized but unused amounts, totaling $2,237. during 2019 and 2018, we repurchased 1,097,000 and 1,756,000 shares of common stock, at average prices of $225.16 and $183.13, respectively, totaling approximately $247 and $322, respectively. the remaining amount available to be purchased under our approved plan was $3,943 at the end of 2019. these amounts may differ from the stock repurchase balances in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows due to changes in unsettled stock repurchases at the end of each fiscal year. purchases are made from time-to-time, as conditions warrant, in the open market or in block purchases and pursuant to plans under sec rule 10b5-1. repurchased shares are retired, in accordance with the washington business corporation act.
bank credit facilities and commercial paper programs we maintain bank credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes. at september 1, 2019, we had borrowing capacity under these facilities of $865, including a $400 revolving line of credit, which expires in june 2020. the company currently has no plans to draw upon this facility. our international operations maintain $355 of the total borrowing capacity under bank credit facilities, of which $150 is guaranteed by the company. there were no outstanding short-term borrowings under the bank credit facilities at the end of 2019 and 2018.
the company has letter of credit facilities, for commercial and standby letters of credit, totaling $219. the outstanding commitments under these facilities at the end of 2019 totaled $145, most of which were standby letters of credit with expiration dates within one year. the bank credit facilities have various expiration dates, most of which are within one year, and we generally intend to renew these facilities. the amount of borrowings available at any time under our bank credit facilities is reduced by the amount of standby and commercial letters of credit outstanding.
contractual obligations at september 1, 2019, our commitments to make future payments under contractual obligations were as follows:
capital lease obligations(4)                                     51                    91                       78                          544                      764
(2)   includes contractual interest payments and excludes deferred issuance costs.
(4)   includes build-to-suit lease obligations and contractual interest payments.
(5)   excludes certain services negotiated at the individual warehouse or regional level that are not significant and generally contain clauses allowing for cancellation without significant penalty.
(6)   includes asset retirement obligations and deferred compensation obligations. the amount excludes $27 of non-current unrecognized tax contingencies and $36 of other obligations due to uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash payments.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the opinion of management, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have had or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition or financial statements, other than operating leases, included in the table above and discussed in note 1 and note 5 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap) requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. we base our estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, and we continue to review and evaluate these estimates. for further information on significant accounting policies, see discussion in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
insurance/self-insurance liabilities the company is predominantly self-insured for employee health-care benefits, workers' compensation, general liability, property damage, directors' and officers' liability, vehicle liability, and inventory loss. insurance coverage is maintained in certain instances to seek to limit exposures arising from very large losses. we use different risk management mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary, and participate in a reinsurance program. liabilities associated with the risks that we retain are not discounted and are estimated by using historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. the costs of claims are highly unpredictable and can fluctuate as a result of inflation rates, regulatory or legal changes, and unforeseen developments in claims over time. while we believe our estimates are reasonable and provide for a certain degree of coverage to account for these variables, actual claims and costs could differ significantly from recorded liabilities. historically, adjustments to our estimates have not been material.
income taxes the determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. significant judgment also is required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items and the probability of sustaining uncertain tax positions. the benefits associated with uncertain tax positions are recorded only after determining a more-likely-than-not probability that the positions will withstand challenge from tax authorities. when facts and circumstances change, we reassess these positions and record any changes in the consolidated financial statements as appropriate. the 2017 tax act includes various provisions that significantly altered u.s. tax law, many of which impact our business (see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion).
recent accounting pronouncements see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report for a detailed description of recent accounting pronouncements.