item 1a.    risk factors investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. you should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below before making an investment decision. our business could be harmed if any of these risks, as well as other risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, materialize. the trading price of our common stock could decline due to the occurrence of any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. in assessing the risks described below, you should also refer to the other information contained in this form 10-k, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and schedules, and other filings with the sec.
we depend on a limited number of major vehicle sellers for a substantial portion of our revenues. the loss of one or more of these major sellers could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position, and an inability to increase our sources of vehicle supply could adversely affect our growth rates.
no single customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated revenues for fiscal 2019. historically, a limited number of vehicle sellers have collectively accounted for a substantial portion of our revenues. vehicle sellers have terminated agreements with us in the past in particular markets, which has affected revenues in those markets. there can be no assurance that our existing agreements will not be canceled. furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will be able to enter into future agreements with vehicle sellers or that we will be able to retain our existing supply of salvage vehicles. a reduction in vehicles from a significant vehicle seller or any material changes in the terms of an arrangement with a significant vehicle seller could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. in addition, a failure to increase our sources of vehicle supply could adversely affect our earnings and revenue growth rates.
our expansion into markets outside the u.s., including expansions in europe, brazil, and the middle east expose us to risks arising from operating in international markets. any failure to successfully integrate businesses acquired or operational capabilities established outside the u.s. could have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
we first expanded our operations outside the u.s. in fiscal 2003 with an acquisition in canada. subsequently, in fiscal 2008 we made a significant acquisition in the u.k., followed by acquisitions in the u.a.e., brazil, germany, and spain in fiscal 2013, expansions into bahrain and oman in fiscal 2015, expansion into the republic of ireland and india in fiscal 2016, and an acquisition in finland in fiscal 2018. in addition, we continue to evaluate acquisitions and other opportunities outside of the u.s. acquisitions or other strategies to expand our operations outside of the u.s. pose substantial risks and uncertainties that could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. in particular, we may not be successful in realizing anticipated synergies from these acquisitions, or we may experience unanticipated costs or expenses integrating the acquired operations into our existing business. we have and may continue to incur substantial expenses establishing new yards and operations, acquiring buyers and sellers, and implementing shared services capabilities in international markets. among other things, we plan to ultimately deploy our proprietary auction technologies at all of our foreign operations and we cannot predict whether this deployment will be successful or will result in increases in the revenues or operating efficiencies of any acquired companies relative to their historic operating performance. integration of our respective operations, including information technology and financial and administrative functions, may not proceed as anticipated and could result in unanticipated costs or expenses such as capital expenditures that could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. we cannot provide any assurance that we will achieve our business and financial objectives in connection with these acquisitions or our strategic decision to expand our operations internationally. for example, although we continue to operate a technology and operations center in india for administrative support, we decided to suspend our salvage operations in india in fiscal 2018, which did not have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position, until the indian market develops in a manner better suited to our business model.
as we continue to expand our business internationally, we will need to develop policies and procedures to manage our business on a global scale. operationally, acquired businesses typically depend on key seller relationships, and our failure to maintain those relationships would have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. moreover, success in opening and operating facilities in new markets can be dependent upon establishing new relationships with buyers and sellers, and our failure to establish those relationships could have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and future operating results.
in addition, we anticipate our international operations will continue to subject us to a variety of risks associated with operating on an international basis, including:
•   the increased travel, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with multiple international locations;
•   the need to comply with complex foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations;
•   tariffs and trade barriers and other regulatory or contractual limitations on our ability to operate in certain foreign markets;
•   adapting to different business cultures and market structures, particularly where we seek to implement our auction model in markets where insurers have historically not played a substantial role in the disposition of salvage vehicles; and
as we continue to expand our business globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our international operations. our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and have an adverse effect on our operating results.
on june 23, 2016, the u.k. held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the european union, commonly referred to as "brexit." in february 2017, the british parliament voted in favor of allowing the british government to begin negotiating the terms of the u.k.'s withdrawal from the european union and discussions with the european union began in march 2017. the ultimate effects of brexit on us are difficult to predict, but adverse consequences concerning brexit or the european union could include deterioration in global economic conditions, instability in global financial markets, political uncertainty, volatility in currency exchange rates, or adverse changes in the cross-border agreements currently in place, any of which could have an adverse impact on our financial results in the future. the ultimate effects of brexit on us will also depend on the terms of agreements, if any, that the u.k. and the european union make to retain access to each other's respective markets either during a transitional period or more permanently.
in addition, certain acquisitions in the u.k. may be reviewed by the competition and markets authority (u.k. regulator). if an inquiry is made by the u.k. regulator, we may be required to demonstrate that our acquisitions will not result, or be expected to result, in a substantial lessening of competition in the u.k. market. although we believe that there will not be a substantial lessening of competition in the u.k. market, based on our analysis of the relevant u.k. markets, there can be no assurance that the u.k. regulator will agree with us if it decides to make an inquiry. if the u.k. regulator determines that by our acquisitions of certain assets, there is or likely will be a substantial lessening of competition in the u.k. market, we could be required to divest some portion of our u.k. assets. in the event of a divestiture order by the u.k. regulator, the assets disposed may be sold for substantially less than their carrying value. accordingly, any divestiture could have a material adverse effect on our operating results in the period of the divestiture.
our business activities and public policy interests expose us to political, regulatory, economic, and reputational risks.
our business activities, facilities expansions, and civic and public policy interests may be unpopular in certain communities, exposing us to reputational and political risk. for example, public opposition in some communities to different aspects of our business operations has impacted our ability to obtain required business use permits. additionally, our interests in legislative and regulatory processes at different levels of government in the geographies in which we operate have been opposed by competitors and other interest groups. although we believe we generally enjoy positive community relationships and political support in our range of operations, shifting public opinion sentiments and socio-political dynamics could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.
our operations and acquisitions in certain foreign areas expose us to regulatory, economic, and reputational risks.
although we have implemented policies, procedures and training designed to ensure compliance with anti-bribery laws, trade controls and economic sanctions, and similar regulations, our employees or agents may take actions in violation of our policies. we may incur costs or other penalties in the event that any such violations occur, which could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.
in some cases, the enforcement practices of governmental regulators in certain foreign areas and the procedural and substantive rights and remedies available to us may vary significantly from those in the united states, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
although we face risks associated with international expansion in each of the non-u.s. markets where we operate, our current focus on the german market heightens the risks we face relating to our expansion plans in germany.
in addition, some of our recent acquisitions have required us to integrate non-u.s. companies which had not, until our acquisition, been subject to u.s. law. in many countries outside of the united states, particularly in those with developing economies, it may be common for persons to engage in business practices prohibited by laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa), u.k. bribery act, brazil clean companies act, india's prevention of corruption act, 1988 or similar local anti-bribery laws. these laws generally prohibit companies and their employees or agents from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. failure by us and our subsidiaries to comply with these laws could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operating results and financial position.
we face risks associated with the implementation of our salvage auction model in markets that may not operate on the same terms as the u.s. market. for example, certain markets operate on a principal rather than agent basis, which may have an adverse impact on our gross margin percentages and expose us to inventory risks that we do not experience in the u.s.
some of our target markets outside the u.s. operate in a manner substantially different than our historic market in the u.s. for example, new markets may operate either wholly or partially on the principal model, in which the vehicle is purchased then resold for our own account, rather than the agency model employed in the u.s., in which we generally act as a sales agent for the legal owner of vehicles. further, operating on a principal basis exposes us to inventory risks, including losses from theft, damage, and obsolescence. in addition, our business in the u.s., canada, and the u.k. has been established and grown based largely on our ability to build relationships with insurance carriers. in other markets, including germany, insurers have traditionally been less involved in the disposition of salvage vehicles. as we expand into markets outside the u.s., canada, and the u.k., including germany in particular, we cannot predict whether markets will readily adapt to our strategy of online auctions of automobiles sourced principally through vehicle insurers. any failure of new markets to adopt our business model could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position.
acquisitions typically will increase our sales and profitability although, given the typical size of our acquisitions to date, most acquisitions will not individually have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. we may not always be able to introduce our processes and selling platform to acquired companies due to different operating models in international jurisdictions or other facts. as a result, the associated benefits of acquisitions may be delayed for years in some international situations. during this period, the acquisitions may operate at a loss and certain acquisitions, while profitable, may operate at a margin percentage that is below our overall operating margin percentage and, accordingly, have an adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. hence, the conversion periods vary from weeks to years and cannot be predicted.
we have developed a proprietary enterprise operating system to address our international expansion needs. the ongoing design, development, and implementation of our enterprise operating systems carry certain risks, including the risk of significant design or deployment errors causing disruptions, delays or deficiencies, which may make our website and services unavailable. this type of interruption could prevent us from processing vehicles for our sellers and may prevent us from selling vehicles through our internet bidding platform, vb3, which would adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position. in addition, the transition to our internally developed proprietary system will continue to require us to commit substantial financial, operational and technical resources before the volume of business increases, without assurance that the volume of business will increase. we began using our internally developed proprietary system with our expansion into spain in fiscal 2016 and germany in fiscal 2017.
we may also implement additional or enhanced information systems in the future to accommodate our growth and to provide additional capabilities and functionality. the implementation of new systems and enhancements is frequently disruptive to the underlying business of an enterprise and can be time-consuming and expensive, increase management responsibilities and divert management attention. any disruptions relating to our system enhancements or any problems with the implementation, particularly any disruptions impacting our operations or our ability to accurately report our financial performance on a timely basis during the implementation period, could materially and adversely affect our business. even if we do not encounter these material and adverse effects, the implementation of these enhancements may be much more costly than we anticipated. if we are unable to successfully implement the information systems enhancements as planned, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted.
our success depends on maintaining the integrity of our systems and infrastructure. as our operations continue to grow in both size and scope, domestically and internationally, we must continue to provide reliable, real-time access to our systems by our customers through improving and upgrading our systems and infrastructure for enhanced products, services, features and functionality. any failure to maintain the integrity of our systems and infrastructure may result in loss of customers due to among other things, slow delivery times, unreliable service levels or insufficient capacity, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial position and results of operations.
the impairment of internally developed capitalized software costs could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
we capitalize certain costs associated with the development of new software products, new software for internal use and major software enhancements to existing software. these costs are amortized over the estimated useful life of the software beginning with its introduction or roll-out. if, at any time, it is determined that capitalized software provides a reduced economic benefit, the unamortized portion of the capitalized development costs will be expensed, in part or in full, as an impairment, which may have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. for example, during fiscal 2017, we recognized a $19.4 million charge primarily related to fully impairing costs previously capitalized in connection with the development of business operating software.
disruptions to our information technology systems, including failure to prevent outages, maintain security, prevent unauthorized access to our information technology systems and other confidential information, could disrupt our business and materially and adversely affect our reputation, consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
information availability and security risks for online commerce companies have significantly increased in recent years because of, in addition to other factors, the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, and other external parties. these threats may derive from fraud or malice on the part of third parties or current or former employees. in addition, human error or accidental technological failure could make us vulnerable to information technology system disruptions and/or cyber-attacks, including the introduction of malicious computer viruses or code into our system, phishing attacks, or other information technology data security incidents.
our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer systems and networks. our customers and other parties in the payments value chain rely on our digital technologies, computer and email systems, software and networks to conduct their operations. in addition, to access our products and services, our customers increasingly use personal smartphones, tablet pcs and other mobile devices that may be beyond our control.
information technology system disruptions, cyber-attacks or other cyber security incidents could materially and adversely affect our reputation, operating results, or financial condition by, among other things, making our auction platform inoperable for a period of time, damaging our reputation with buyers, sellers, and insurance companies as a result of the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information (including account data information), or resulting in governmental investigations, litigation, liability, fines, or penalties against us. if such attacks are not detected immediately, their effect could be compounded. while we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of these cyber risks, our insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses and would not remedy damage to our reputation.
we have in the past identified attempts by unauthorized third parties to access our systems and disrupt our online auctions. these attempts have caused minor service interruptions, which were promptly addressed and resolved, and our online service was restored to normal business. for example, in april 2015, we identified that unauthorized third parties had gained access to data provided to us by our members that is considered to be personal information in certain jurisdictions. we immediately investigated, including the engagement of an external expert security firm, and made the required notifications to members whose information may have been accessed and to regulatory agencies.
we are constantly evaluating and implementing new technologies and processes to manage risks relating to cyber-attacks and system and network disruptions, including but not limited to usage errors by our employees, power outages and catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes and earthquakes. we have further enhanced our security protocols based on the investigation we conducted in response to the security incident. nevertheless, we cannot provide assurances that our efforts to address prior data security incidents and mitigate against the risk of future data security incidents or system failures will be successful. the techniques used by criminals to obtain unauthorized access to sensitive data change frequently and are often not recognized immediately. we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures and believe that cyber-attacks and threats against us have occurred in the past and are likely to continue in the future. if our systems are compromised again in the future, become inoperable for extended periods of time, or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them, and our ability to provide many of our electronic and online solutions to our customers may be impaired. in addition, as cyber-threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. any of the risks described above could materially and adversely affect our consolidated financial position and results of operations.
our business is exposed to risks associated with online commerce security and credit card fraud.
consumer concerns over the security of transactions conducted on the internet or the privacy of users may inhibit the growth of the internet and online commerce. to securely transmit confidential information such as customer credit card numbers, we rely on encryption and authentication technology. unanticipated events or developments could result in a compromise or breach of the systems we use to protect customer transaction data. furthermore, our servers may also be vulnerable to viruses transmitted via the internet and other points of access. while we proactively check for intrusions into our infrastructure, a new or undetected virus could cause a service disruption.
we maintain an information security program and our processing systems incorporate multiple levels of protection in order to address or otherwise mitigate these risks. despite these mitigation efforts, there can be no assurance that we will be immune to these risks and not suffer losses in the future. under current credit card practices, we may be held liable for fraudulent credit card transactions and other payment disputes with customers. as such, we have implemented certain anti-fraud measures, including credit card verification procedures. however, a failure to adequately prevent fraudulent credit card transactions could adversely affect our consolidated financial position and results of operations.
our security measures may also be breached due to employee error, malfeasance, insufficiency, or defective design. additionally, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, users, or customers to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or our users' or customers' data. any such breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in the security of our products and services that could have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial position and results of operations.
we are subject to federal, state and international laws, directives, and regulations relating to the collection, use, retention, disclosure, security and transfer of personal data. these laws, directives, and regulations, and their interpretation and enforcement continue to evolve and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. recent regulatory changes in europe have created compliance uncertainty regarding certain transfers of personal data from europe to the united states. for example, the general data protection regulation ("gdpr"), which went into effect in the european union ("eu") on may 25, 2018, applies to all of our activities conducted from an establishment in the eu and may also apply to related products and services that we offer to eu users. similarly, the california consumer privacy act, or ab375 ("ccpa") and the brazilian general data protection law ("lgpd"), were also recently enacted and these laws create new data privacy rights for individuals, both of which become effective in 2020. complying with the gdpr, the ccpa, and similar emerging and changing privacy and data protection requirements may cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices. noncompliance with our legal obligations relating to privacy and data protection could result in penalties, legal proceedings by governmental entities or others, and significant legal and financial exposure and could affect our ability to retain and attract customers. any of the risks described above could adversely affect our consolidated financial position and results of operations.
implementation of our online auction model in new markets may not result in the same synergies and benefits that we achieved when we implemented the model in the u.s., canada, and the u.k.
we believe that the implementation of our proprietary auction technologies across our operations over the last decade had a favorable impact on our results of operations by increasing the size and geographic scope of our buyer base, increasing the average selling price for vehicles sold through our sales, and lowering expenses associated with vehicle sales.
failure to have sufficient capacity to accept additional cars at one or more of our storage facilities could adversely affect our relationships with insurance companies or other sellers of vehicles.
capacity at our storage facilities varies from period to period and from region to region. for example, following adverse weather conditions in a particular area, our yards in that area may fill and limit our ability to accept additional salvage vehicles while we process existing inventories. for example, hurricanes katrina, rita, sandy, and harvey had, in certain quarters, an adverse effect on our operating results, in part because of yard capacity constraints in the impacted areas of the united states. we regularly evaluate our capacity in all our markets and where appropriate, seek to increase capacity through the acquisition of additional land and yards. we may not be able to reach agreements to purchase independent storage facilities in markets where we have limited excess capacity, and zoning restrictions or difficulties obtaining use permits may limit our ability to expand our capacity through acquisitions of new land. failure to have sufficient capacity at one or more of our yards could adversely affect our relationships with insurance companies or other sellers of vehicles, which could have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position.
because the growth of our business has been due in large part to acquisitions and development of new facilities, the rate of growth of our business and revenues may decline if we are not able to successfully complete acquisitions and develop new facilities.
we seek to increase our sales and profitability through the acquisition of additional facilities and the development of new facilities. for example, in fiscal 2017, we opened a new operational facility in germany, a new operational facility in brazil, nine new operational facilities in the u.s. and acquired cycle express, llc, which conducts business primarily as national powersport auctions (npa), a leading non-salvage auction platform for motorcycles, snowmobiles, watercraft and other powersports vehicles. npa currently operates facilities in nine locations across the u.s. in fiscal 2018, we opened three new operational facilities in the u.s., a new operational facility in the u.k., a new operational facility in germany, and acquired locations in the municipalities of espoo; pirkkala; oulu; and turku, finland. in fiscal 2019, we opened one new operational facility in brazil; seven new operational facilities in germany; and eleven new operational facilities in the u.s., and acquired an operational facility in greenville, kentucky. acquisitions are difficult to identify and complete for a number of reasons, including competition among prospective buyers, the availability of affordable financing in the capital markets and the need to satisfy applicable closing conditions and obtain antitrust and other regulatory approvals on acceptable terms. there can be no assurance that we will be able to:
•   continue to acquire additional facilities on favorable terms;
•   expand existing facilities in no-growth regulatory environments;
•   obtain or retain buyers, sellers, and sales volumes in new markets or facilities;
•   increase revenues and profitability at acquired and new facilities;
•   maintain the historical revenue and earnings growth rates we have been able to obtain through facility openings and strategic acquisitions;
•   create new vehicle storage facilities that meet our current revenue and profitability requirements; or
•   obtain necessary regulatory approvals under applicable antitrust and competition laws.
in addition, certain of the acquisition agreements by which we have acquired companies require the former owners to indemnify us against certain liabilities related to the operation of the company before we acquired it. in most of these agreements, however, the liability of the former owners is limited and certain former owners may be unable to meet their indemnification responsibilities. we cannot assure that these indemnification provisions will protect us fully or at all, and as a result we may face unexpected liabilities that adversely affect our financial statements. any failure to continue to successfully identify and complete acquisitions and develop new facilities could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position.
as we continue to expand our operations, our failure to manage growth could harm our business and adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position.
our ability to manage growth depends not only on our ability to successfully integrate new facilities, but also on our ability to:
•   hire, train and manage additional qualified personnel;
•   establish new relationships or expand existing relationships with vehicle sellers;
•   identify and acquire or lease suitable premises on competitive terms;
•   secure adequate capital; and
our inability to control or manage these growth factors effectively could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position.
our revenues and operating results have fluctuated in the past and can be expected to continue to fluctuate in the future on a quarterly and annual basis as a result of a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. factors that may affect our operating results include, but are not limited to, the following:
•   fluctuations in commodity prices, particularly the per ton price of crushed car bodies;
•   our ability to successfully integrate our newly acquired operations in international markets and any additional markets we may enter;
•   the availability of salvage vehicles or other vehicles we sell;
•   delays or changes in state title processing;
•   trade disputes and other political, diplomatic, legal, or regulatory developments;
•   inconsistent application or enforcement of laws or regulations by regulators, governmental or quasi-governmental entities, or law enforcement or quasi-law enforcement agencies, as compared to our competitors;
•   our ability to integrate and manage our acquisitions successfully;
•   the timing and size of our new facility openings;
•   the announcement of new vehicle supply agreements by us or our competitors;
•   the severity of weather and seasonality of weather patterns;
•   the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures relating to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations and infrastructure;
•   the availability and cost of general business insurance;
•   the introduction of a similar internet product by a competitor; and
•   the ability to obtain or maintain necessary permits to operate.
our internet-based sales model has increased the relative importance of intellectual property assets to our business, and any inability to protect those rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, or results of operations.
our intellectual property rights include patents relating to our auction technologies, as well as trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and other intellectual property rights. in addition, we may enter into agreements with third parties regarding the license or other use of our intellectual property. effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are distributed, deployed, or made available. we seek to maintain certain intellectual property rights as trade secrets. the secrecy could be compromised by third parties, or intentionally or accidentally by our employees, which would cause us to lose the competitive advantage resulting from those trade secrets. any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights, or any inability to protect our intellectual property rights, could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position.
we have in the past been and may in the future be subject to intellectual property rights claims, which are costly to defend, could require us to pay damages, and could limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future.
litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights are common among companies who rely heavily on intellectual property rights. our reliance on intellectual property rights has increased significantly in recent years as we have implemented our auction-style sales technologies across our business and ceased conducting live auctions. recent u.s. supreme court precedent potentially restricts patentability of software inventions by affirming that patent claims merely requiring application of an abstract idea on standard computers utilizing generic computer functions are patent ineligible, which may impact our ability to enforce our issued patent and obtain new patents. as we face increasing competition, the possibility of intellectual property rights claims against us increases. litigation and any other intellectual property claims, whether with or without merit, can be time-consuming, expensive to litigate and settle, and can divert management resources and attention from our core business. an adverse determination in current or future litigation could prevent us from offering our products and services in the manner currently conducted. we may also have to pay damages or seek a license for the technology, which may not be available on reasonable terms and which may significantly increase our operating expenses, if it is available for us to license at all. we could also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant effort and expense.
if we experience problems with our subhaulers and trucking fleet operations, our business could be harmed.
we rely primarily upon independent subhaulers to pick up and deliver vehicles to and from our storage facilities in the u.s., canada, brazil, the republic of ireland, germany, finland, the u.a.e., oman, bahrain, and spain. we also utilize, to a lesser extent, independent subhaulers in the u.k. our failure to pick up and deliver vehicles in a timely and accurate manner could harm our reputation and brand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. further, an increase in fuel cost may lead to increased prices charged by our independent subhaulers, which may significantly increase our cost. we may not be able to pass these costs on to our sellers or buyers.
in addition to using independent subhaulers, in the u.k. we utilize a fleet of company trucks to pick up and deliver vehicles from our u.k. storage facilities. in connection therewith, we are subject to the risks associated with providing trucking services, including inclement weather, disruptions in transportation infrastructure, accidents and related injury claims, availability and price of fuel, any of which could result in an increase in our operating expenses and reduction in our net income.
we are partially self-insured for certain losses related to our different lines of insurance coverage including, without limitation, medical insurance, general liability, workers' compensation and auto liability. our liability represents an estimate of the ultimate cost of claims incurred as of the balance sheet date. the estimated liability is not discounted and is established based upon analysis of historical data and actuarial estimates. further, we utilize independent actuaries to assist us in establishing the proper amount of reserves for anticipated payouts associated with these self-insured exposures. while we believe these estimates are reasonable based on the information currently available, if actual trends, including the severity of claims and medical cost inflation, differ from our estimates, our results of operations could be impacted.
our executive officers, directors and their affiliates beneficially own, in the aggregate, 15.3% of our common stock as of july 31, 2019. if they were to act together, these stockholders would have significant influence over most matters requiring approval by stockholders, including the election of directors, any amendments to our certificate of incorporation and certain significant corporate transactions, including potential merger or acquisition transactions. in addition, without the consent of these stockholders, we could be delayed or prevented from entering into transactions that could be beneficial to us or our other investors. these stockholders may take these actions even if they are opposed by our other investors.
we have certain provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws which may have an anti-takeover effect or that may delay, defer or prevent acquisition bids for us that a stockholder might consider favorable and limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management.
our board of directors is authorized to create and issue from time to time, without stockholder approval, up to an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval, and which may include rights superior to the rights of the holders of common stock. in addition, our bylaws establish advance notice requirements for nominations for elections to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. these anti-takeover provisions and other provisions under delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders. these provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and cause us to take other corporate actions the stockholders desire.
our future success depends in large part upon the leadership and performance of our executive management team, all of whom are employed on an at-will basis and none of whom are subject to any agreements not to compete. if we lose the service of one or more of our executive officers or key employees, in particular willis j. johnson, our chairman, or a. jayson adair, our chief executive officer, or if one or more of these executives decide to join a competitor or otherwise compete directly or indirectly with us, we may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our business objectives.
we may invest our excess cash in securities or money market funds backed by securities, which may include u.s. treasuries, other federal, state and municipal debt, bonds, preferred stock, commercial paper, insurance contracts and other securities both privately and publicly traded. all securities are subject to risk, including fluctuations in interest rates, credit risk, market risk and systemic economic risk. changes or movements in any of these risk factors may result in a loss or impairment to our invested cash and may have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position.
rapid technological changes may render our technology obsolete or decrease the competitiveness of our services.
to remain competitive, we must continue to enhance and improve the functionality and features of our websites and software. the internet and the online commerce industry are rapidly changing. in particular, the online commerce industry is characterized by increasingly complex systems and infrastructures. if competitors introduce new services embodying new technologies or if new industry standards and practices emerge, our existing websites and proprietary technology and systems may become obsolete. our future success will depend on our ability to:
developing our websites and other proprietary technology entails significant technical and business risks. we may use new technologies ineffectively or we may fail to adapt our websites, transaction-processing systems and network infrastructure to customer requirements or emerging industry standards. if we face material delays in introducing new services, products and enhancements, our customers and suppliers may forego the use of our services and use those of our competitors.
we have or will initiate programs to open our auctions to the general public. these programs include the registered broker program through which the public can purchase vehicles through a registered member and the market maker program through which registered members can open copart storefronts with internet kiosks enabling the general public to search our inventory and purchase vehicles. initiating programs that allow access to our online auctions to the general public will involve material expenditures and we cannot predict what future benefit, if any, will be derived.
factors such as mild weather conditions can have an adverse effect on our revenues and operating results, as well as our revenue and earnings growth rates, by reducing the available supply of salvage vehicles. conversely, extreme weather conditions can result in an oversupply of salvage vehicles that requires us to incur abnormal expenses to respond to market demands.
mild weather conditions tend to result in a decrease in the available supply of salvage vehicles because traffic accidents decrease and fewer automobiles are damaged. accordingly, mild weather can have an adverse effect on our salvage vehicle supply, only a portion of which are referred to as inventory, which would be expected to have an adverse effect on our revenue and operating results and related growth rates. conversely, our salvage vehicle supply will tend to increase in poor weather such as a harsh winter or as a result of adverse weather-related conditions such as flooding. during periods of mild weather conditions, our ability to increase our revenues and improve our operating results and related growth will be increasingly dependent on our ability to obtain additional vehicle sellers and to compete more effectively in the market, each of which is subject to the other risks and uncertainties described in these sections. in addition, extreme weather conditions, although they increase the available supply of salvage cars, can have an adverse effect on our operating results. for example, during fiscal 2006, fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2018, we recognized substantial additional costs associated with hurricanes katrina, rita, sandy, and harvey. weather events have had, in certain quarters, an adverse effect on our operating results, in part because of yard capacity constraints in the impacted areas of the u.s. these additional costs were characterized as "abnormal" under asc 330, inventory, and included premiums for subhaulers, payroll, equipment and facilities expenses directly related to the operating conditions created by the hurricanes. in the event that we were to again experience extremely adverse weather or other anomalous conditions that result in an abnormally high number of salvage vehicles in one or more of our markets, those conditions could have an adverse effect on our future operating results.
macroeconomic factors such as high fuel prices, declines in commodity prices, declines in used car prices, and vehicle-related technological advances may have an adverse effect on our revenues and operating results, as well as our earnings growth rates.
macroeconomic factors that affect oil prices and the automobile and commodity markets can have adverse effects on our revenues, revenue growth rates (if any), and operating results. significant increases in the cost of fuel could lead to a reduction in miles driven per car and a reduction in accident rates. a material reduction in accident rates, whether due to, among other things, a reduction in miles driven per car, vehicle-related technological advances such as accident avoidance systems and, to the extent widely adopted, the advent of autonomous vehicles, could have a material impact on revenue growth. in addition, under our percentage incentive program contracts, which we refer to as pip, the cost of transporting the vehicle to one of our facilities is included in the pip fee. we may incur increased fees, which we may not be able to pass on to our vehicle sellers. a material increase in transportation rates could have a material impact on our operating results. volatility in fuel, commodity, and used car prices could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and revenue growth rates in future periods.
the vehicle sales industry is highly competitive and we may not be able to compete successfully.
we face significant competition for the supply of salvage and other vehicles and for the buyers of those vehicles. we believe our principal competitors include other auction and vehicle remarketing service companies with whom we compete directly in obtaining vehicles from insurance companies and other sellers, and large vehicle dismantlers, who may buy salvage vehicles directly from insurance companies, bypassing the salvage sales process. many of the insurance companies have established relationships with competitive remarketing companies and large dismantlers. certain of our competitors may have greater financial resources than us. due to the limited number of vehicle sellers, particularly in the u.k., and other foreign markets, the absence of long-term contractual commitments between us and our sellers and the increasingly competitive market environment, there can be no assurance that our competitors will not gain market share at our expense.
we may also encounter significant competition for local, regional and national supply agreements with vehicle sellers. there can be no assurance that the existence of other local, regional or national contracts entered into by our competitors will not have a material adverse effect on our business or our expansion plans. furthermore, we are likely to face competition from major competitors in the acquisition of vehicle storage facilities, which could significantly increase the cost of such acquisitions and thereby materially impede our expansion objectives or have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations. these potential new competitors may include consolidators of automobile dismantling businesses, organized salvage vehicle buying groups, automobile manufacturers, automobile auctioneers and software companies. while most vehicle sellers have abandoned or reduced efforts to sell salvage vehicles directly without the use of service providers such as us, there can be no assurance that this trend will continue, which could adversely affect our market share, consolidated results of operations and financial position. additionally, existing or new competitors may be significantly larger and have greater financial and marketing resources than us; therefore, there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future.
federal, state, and local government regulation of the vehicle sales industry may impair our operations, increase our costs of doing business and create potential liability.
participants in the vehicle sales industry are subject to and may be required to expend funds to ensure compliance with, a variety of governmental, regulatory and administrative rules, regulations. among other laws and regulations, we are subject at the state level to land use ordinances, business licensure requirements and procedures, vehicle registration rules and procedures, and regulations relating to zoning and land use. we are subject at the federal level to laws and regulations relating to the environment, anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, and reporting requirements to law enforcement relating to vehicle transfers. many of these laws and regulations are frequently complex and subject to interpretation, and failure to comply with present or future regulations or changes in interpretations of existing regulations may result in impairment of our operations and the imposition of penalties and other liabilities. at various times, we may be involved in disputes with local governmental officials regarding the development and/or operation of our business facilities. we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with applicable regulatory requirements. we may be subject to similar types of regulations by federal, national, international, provincial, state and local governmental agencies in new markets. in addition, new regulatory requirements or changes in existing requirements may delay or increase the cost of opening new facilities, may limit our base of vehicle buyers and may decrease demand for our vehicles.
changes in laws or the interpretation of laws, including foreign laws and regulations, affecting the import and export of vehicles may have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
our internet-based auction-style model has allowed us to offer our products and services to international markets and has increased our international buyer base. as a result, foreign importers of vehicles now represent a significant part of our total buyer base. as a result our foreign buyers may be subject to a variety of foreign laws and regulations, including the imposition of import duties by foreign countries. changes in laws, regulations, and treaties that restrict or impede or negatively affect the economics surrounding the importation of vehicles into foreign countries may reduce the demand for vehicles and impact our ability to maintain or increase our international buyer base. in addition, we and our vehicle buyers must work with foreign customs agencies and other non-u.s. governmental officials, who are responsible for the interpretation, application, and enforcement of these laws, regulations, and treaties. any inability to obtain requisite approvals or agreements from such authorities could adversely impact the ability of our buyers to import vehicles into foreign countries. in addition, any disputes or disagreements with foreign agencies or officials over import duties, tariffs, or similar matters, including disagreements over the value assigned to imported vehicles, could adversely affect our costs and the ability and costs of our buyers to import vehicles into foreign countries. for example, in march 2008, a decree issued by the president of mexico became effective that placed restrictions on the types of vehicles that can be imported into mexico from the u.s. the adoption of similar laws or regulations in other jurisdictions that have the effect of reducing or curtailing our activities abroad, changes in the interpretation, application, and enforcement of laws, regulations, or treaties, any failure to comply with non-u.s. laws or regulatory interpretations, or any legal or regulatory interpretations or governmental actions that significantly increase our costs or the costs of our buyers could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position by reducing the demand for our products and services and our ability to compete in non-u.s. markets.
the operation of our storage facilities poses certain environmental risks, which could adversely affect our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
our operations are subject to federal, state, national, international, provincial and local laws and regulations regarding the protection of the environment in the countries in which we have storage facilities. in some cases, we may acquire land with existing environmental issues, including landfills as an example. in the salvage vehicle remarketing industry, large numbers of wrecked vehicles are stored at storage facilities and during that time, spills of fuel, motor oil and other fluids may occur, resulting in soil, surface water or groundwater contamination. in addition, certain of our facilities generate and/or store petroleum products and other hazardous materials, including waste solvents and used oil. in the u.k., we provide vehicle de-pollution and crushing services for end-of-life program vehicles. we could incur substantial expenditures for preventative, investigative or remedial action and could be exposed to liability arising from our operations, contamination by previous users of certain of our acquired facilities or facilities which we may acquire in the future, or the disposal of our waste at off-site locations. in addition to conducting environmental diligence on new site acquisitions, we also take such actions as may be necessary under laws in the united states to avoid liability for activities of prior owners, and we have from time to time acquired insurance with respect to acquired facilities with known environmental risks. there can be no assurances, however, that these efforts to mitigate environmental risk will prove sufficient if we were to face material liabilities. we have incurred expenses for environmental remediation in the past, and environmental laws and regulations could become more stringent over time. there can be no assurance that we or our operations will not be subject to significant costs in the future or that environmental enforcement agencies at the state and federal level will not pursue enforcement actions against us. in addition to acquiring insurance in connection with certain acquisitions, we have also obtained indemnification for pre-existing environmental liabilities from many of the persons and entities from whom we have acquired facilities, but there can be no assurance that such indemnifications will be available or sufficient. any such expenditures or liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position.
adverse u.s. and international economic conditions may negatively affect our business, operating results, or financial condition.
the capital and credit markets have historically experienced extreme volatility and disruption, which has in the past and may in the future lead to economic downturns in the u.s. and abroad. as a result of any economic downturn, the number of miles driven may decrease, which may lead to fewer accident claims, a reduction of vehicle repairs, and fewer salvage vehicles. increases in unemployment, as a result of any economic downturn, may lead to an increase in the number of uninsured motorists. uninsured motorists are responsible for disposition of their vehicle if involved in an accident. disposition generally is either the repair or disposal of the vehicle. in the situation where the owner of the wrecked vehicle, and not an insurance company, is responsible for its disposition, we believe it is more likely that vehicle will be repaired or, if disposed, disposed through channels other than us. adverse credit markets may also affect the ability of members to secure financing to purchase salvaged vehicles which may adversely affect demand. in addition, if the banking system or the financial markets deteriorate or are volatile, our credit facility or our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing may be affected. these adverse economic conditions and events may have a negative effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and financial position.
pursuant to asc 350, intangibles-goodwill and other, we are required to annually test goodwill to determine if impairment has occurred, either through a quantitative or qualitative analysis. additionally, interim reviews must be performed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. if the testing performed indicates that impairment has occurred, we are required to record a non-cash impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill and the implied fair value of the goodwill in the period the determination is made. the annual goodwill impairment analysis, which was performed qualitatively in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, considered all relevant factors specific to our reporting units, including macroeconomic conditions; industry and market considerations; overall financial performance and relevant entity-specific events. changes in these factors, or changes in actual performance could affect the fair value of goodwill, which may result in an impairment charge. for example, deterioration in worldwide economic conditions could affect these assumptions and lead us to determine that goodwill impairment is required. we cannot accurately predict the amount or timing of any impairment of assets. we considered the above factors noting none involved significant uncertainty. in addition, the industry in which we operate improved over the observable period, and our calculated fair value exceeded carrying value for each reporting unit by a substantial amount in our previous quantitative analysis, indicating no material risk as of july 31, 2019, with respect to potential goodwill impairments. should the value of our goodwill become impaired, it could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and could result in our incurring net losses in future periods.
changes in federal, state and local, or foreign tax laws, changing interpretations of existing tax laws, or adverse determinations by tax authorities could increase our tax burden or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
we are subject to taxation at the federal, state, provincial, and local levels in the united states, the united kingdom, and various other countries and jurisdictions in which we operate, including income taxes, sales taxes, value-added (vat) taxes, and similar taxes and assessments. the laws and regulations related to tax matters are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. although we believe our tax positions are reasonable, we are subject to audit by the internal revenue service in the united states, hm revenue and customs in the united kingdom, state tax authorities in the states in which we operate, and other similar tax authorities in international jurisdictions. as previously disclosed, we have been subject to challenge by the georgia department of revenue with respect to sales taxes and could face similar audits or challenges from applicable federal, state, or foreign tax authorities in the future. while we believe we comply with all applicable tax laws, rules, and regulations in the relevant jurisdictions, tax authorities may elect to audit us and determine that we owe additional taxes, which could result in a significant increase in our liabilities for taxes, interest, and penalties in excess of our accrued liabilities.
new tax legislative initiatives may be proposed from time to time, such as proposals for comprehensive tax reform in the united states, which may impact our effective tax rate and which could adversely affect our tax positions or tax liabilities. our future effective tax rate could be adversely affected by, among other things, changes in the composition of earnings in jurisdictions with differing tax rates, changes in statutory rates and other legislative changes, changes in interpretations of existing tax laws, or changes in determinations regarding the jurisdictions in which we are subject to tax. from time to time, u.s. federal, state and local, and foreign governments make substantive changes to tax rules and their application, which could result in materially higher taxes than would be incurred under existing tax law and which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
the tax cuts and jobs act ("tax reform" or "tax act") was enacted on december 22, 2017. the tax act significantly revamped u.s. taxation of corporations, including a reduction of the federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%, a repeal of the exceptions to the $1.0 million deduction limitation for performance-based compensation to covered employees, and a new tax regime for foreign earnings. the repeal of the $1.0 million deduction limit for performance-based compensation, the new u.s. taxes on accumulated and future foreign earnings and other adverse changes resulting from the tax act, or a change in the mix of domestic and foreign earnings, might offset the benefit from the reduced tax rate, and our future effective tax rates and/or cash taxes may increase, even significantly, or not decrease much, compared to recent or historical trends. many of the provisions of the tax act are highly complex and may be subject to further interpretive guidance from the irs or others. some of the provisions of the tax act may be changed by a future congress or challenged by the world trade organization ("wto"). although we cannot predict the nature or outcome of such future interpretive guidance, or actions by a future congress or wto, they could adversely impact our consolidated results of operations and financial position.
the financial accounting standards board, the public company accounting oversight board, and the sec, from time to time issue new pronouncements or new interpretations of existing accounting standards that require changes to our accounting policies and procedures. to date, we do not believe any new pronouncements or interpretations have had a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position, but future pronouncements or interpretations could require a change or changes in our policies or procedures.
our reported revenues and earnings are subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. we do not engage in foreign currency hedging arrangements; consequently, foreign currency fluctuations may adversely affect our revenues and earnings. should we choose to engage in hedging activities in the future we cannot be assured our hedges will be effective or that the costs of the hedges will exceed their benefits. fluctuations in the rate of exchange between the u.s. dollar and foreign currencies, primarily the british pound, canadian dollar, brazilian real, european union euro, u.a.e. dirham, omani rial, and bahraini dinar could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position.
on june 23, 2016, the u.k. held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the european union, commonly referred to as "brexit." in february 2017, the british parliament voted in favor of allowing the british government to begin negotiating the terms of the u.k.'s withdrawal from the european union and discussions with the european union began in march 2017. adverse consequences concerning brexit or the european union could include deterioration in global economic conditions, instability in global financial markets, political uncertainty, volatility in currency exchange rates, or adverse changes in the cross-border agreements currently in place, any of which could have an adverse impact on our financial results in the future. the ultimate effects of brexit on us will also depend on the terms of agreements, if any, that the u.k. and the european union make to retain access to each other's respective markets either during a transitional period or more permanently.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations caution regarding forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended july 31, 2019, or this form 10-k, including the information incorporated by reference herein, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended (the securities act), and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the exchange act). all statements other than statements of historical facts are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. in some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as "may," "will," "should," "expect," "plan," "intend," "forecast," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "predict," "potential," "continue" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. the forward-looking statements contained in this form 10-k involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and situations that may cause our or our industry's actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these statements. these forward-looking statements are made in reliance upon the safe harbor provision of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these factors include those listed in part i, item 1a under the caption entitled "risk factors" in this form 10-k and those discussed elsewhere in this form 10-k. unless the context otherwise requires, references in this form 10-k to "copart," the "company," "we," "us," or "our" refer to copart, inc. we encourage investors to review these factors carefully together with the other matters referred to herein, as well as in the other documents we file with the securities and exchange commission (the sec). we may from time to time make additional written and oral forward-looking statements, including statements contained in our filings with the sec. we do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of us.
all references to numbered notes are to specific notes to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k and which descriptions are incorporated into the applicable response by reference. capitalized terms used, but not defined, in this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation ("md&a") have the same meanings as in such notes.
overview we are a leading provider of online auctions and vehicle remarketing services with operations in the united states (u.s.), canada, the united kingdom (u.k.), brazil, the republic of ireland, germany, finland, the united arab emirates (u.a.e.), oman, bahrain, and spain.
our goals are to generate sustainable profits for our stockholders, while also providing environmental and social benefits for the world around us. with respect to our environmental stewardship, we believe our business is a critical enabler for the global re-use and recycling of vehicles, parts, and raw materials. many of the cars we process and remarket are subsequently restored to drivable condition, reducing the new vehicle manufacturing burden the world would otherwise face. many of our cars are purchased by dismantlers, who recycle and refurbish parts for vehicle repairs, again reducing new and aftermarket parts manufacturing. and finally, some of our vehicles are returned to their raw material inputs through scrapping, reducing the need for further de novo resource extraction. in each case, our business has reduced the carbon and other environmental footprint of the global transportation industry.
beyond our environmental stewardship, we also support the world's communities in two important ways. first, we believe that we contribute to economic development and well-being by enabling more affordable access to mobility around the world. for example, many of the automobiles sold through our auction platform are purchased for use in developing countries where affordable transportation is a critical enabler of education, health care, and well-being more generally. in addition, because of the special role we play in responding to catastrophic weather events, we believe we contribute to disaster recovery and resilience in the communities we serve. for example, we mobilized our people, entered into emergency leases, and engaged with a multitude of service providers to timely retrieve, store, and remarket tens of thousands of flood-damaged vehicles in the houston, texas metropolitan area in the wake of hurricane harvey in the summer of 2017.
we provide vehicle sellers with a full range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the internet through our virtual bidding third generation internet auction-style sales technology, which we refer to as vb3. vehicle sellers consist primarily of insurance companies, but also include banks, finance companies, charities, fleet operators, dealers and vehicles sourced directly from individual owners. we sell the vehicles principally to licensed vehicle dismantlers, rebuilders, repair licensees, used vehicle dealers and exporters and, at certain locations, to the general public. the majority of the vehicles sold on behalf of insurance companies are either damaged vehicles deemed a total loss; not economically repairable by the insurance companies; or are recovered stolen vehicles for which an insurance settlement with the vehicle owner has already been made.
we offer vehicle sellers a full range of services that help expedite each stage of the vehicle sales process, minimize administrative and processing costs, and maximize the ultimate sales price through the online auction process.
in the u.s., canada, brazil, the republic of ireland, finland, the u.a.e., oman, bahrain, and spain, we sell vehicles primarily as an agent and derive revenue primarily from auction and auction related sales transaction fees charged for vehicle remarketing services as well as fees for services subsequent to the auction, such as delivery and storage. in the u.k. and germany, we operate both as an agent and on a principal basis, in some cases purchasing salvage vehicles outright and reselling the vehicles for our own account. in germany and spain, we also derive revenue from listing vehicles on behalf of insurance companies and insurance experts to determine the vehicle's residual value and/or to facilitate a sale for the insured.
we monitor and analyze a number of key financial performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. such indicators include:
service and vehicle sales revenue: our service revenue consists of auction and auction related sales transaction fees charged for vehicle remarketing services. these auction and auction related services may include a combination of vehicle purchasing fees, vehicle listing fees, and vehicle selling fees that can be based on a predetermined percentage of the vehicle sales price, tiered vehicle sales price driven fees, or at a fixed fee based on the sale of each vehicle regardless of the selling price of the vehicle; transportation fees for the cost of transporting the vehicle to or from our facility; title processing and preparation fees; vehicle storage fees; bidding fees; and vehicle loading fees. these fees are recognized as net revenue (not gross vehicle selling price) at the time of auction in the amount of such fees charged. purchased vehicle revenue includes the gross sales price of the vehicles which we have purchased or are otherwise considered to own. we have certain contracts with insurance companies, primarily in the u.k., in which we act as a principal, purchasing vehicles and reselling them for our own account. we also purchase vehicles in the open market, primarily from individuals, and resell them for our own account.
our revenue is impacted by several factors, including total loss frequency and the average vehicle auction selling price, as a significant amount of our service revenue is associated in some manner with the ultimate selling price of the vehicle. vehicle auction selling prices are driven primarily by: (i) changes in commodity prices, particularly the per ton price for crushed car bodies, as we believe this has an impact on the ultimate selling price of vehicles sold for scrap and vehicles sold for dismantling; (ii) used car pricing, which we also believe has an impact on total loss frequency; (iii) the mix of cars sold; and (iv) changes in the u.s. dollar exchange rate to foreign currencies, which we believe has an impact on auction participation by international buyers. we cannot specifically quantify the financial impact that commodity pricing, used car pricing, and product sales mix has on the selling price of vehicles, our service revenues or financial results. total loss frequency is the percentage of cars involved in accidents that insurance companies salvage rather than repair and is driven by the relationship between repair costs, used car values, and auction returns. over the last several years, we believe there has been an increase in overall growth in the salvage market driven by an increase in total loss frequency. the increase in total loss frequency may have been driven by the decline in used car values relative to repair costs, which we believe are generally trending upward. conversely, increases in used car prices, such as occurred during the most recent recession, may decrease total loss frequency and adversely affect our growth rate. used car values are determined by many factors, including used car supply, which is tied directly to new car sales, and the average age of cars on the road. the average age of cars on the road continued to increase, growing from 9.6 years in 2002 to 11.8 years in 2019. the factors that can influence repair costs, used car pricing, and auction returns are many and varied and we cannot predict their movements. accordingly, we cannot predict future trends in total loss frequency.
other income and expense: other income primarily includes income from the rental of certain real property, foreign exchange rate gains and losses, and gains and losses from the disposal of assets, which will fluctuate based on the nature of these activities each period. other expense consists primarily of interest expense on long-term debt. see notes to consolidated financial statements, note 7 - long-term debt.
liquidity and cash flows: our primary source of working capital is cash operating results and debt financing. the primary source of our liquidity is our cash and cash equivalents and revolving loan facility. the primary factors affecting cash operating results are: (i) seasonality; (ii) market wins and losses; (iii) supplier mix; (iv) accident frequency; (v) total loss frequency; (vi) increased volume from our existing suppliers; (vii) commodity pricing; (viii) used car pricing; (ix) foreign currency exchange rates; (x) product mix; (xi) contract mix to the extent applicable; and (xii) our capital expenditures. these factors are further discussed in the results of operations and risk factors sections of this annual report on form 10-k.
potential internal sources of additional working capital are the sale of assets or the issuance of shares through option exercises and shares issued under our employee stock purchase plan. a potential external source of additional working capital is the issuance of additional debt with new lenders and equity. however, we cannot predict if these sources will be available in the future or on commercially acceptable terms.
acquisitions and new operations as part of our overall expansion strategy of offering integrated services to vehicle sellers, we anticipate acquiring and developing facilities in new regions, as well as the regions currently served by our facilities. we believe that these acquisitions and openings will strengthen our coverage, as we have facilities located in the u.s., canada, the u.k., brazil, the republic of ireland, germany, finland, the u.a.e., oman, bahrain, and spain with the intention of providing national coverage for our sellers. all of these acquisitions have been accounted for using the purchase method of accounting.
the following tables set forth operational facilities that we have opened and began operations from august 1, 2016 through july 31, 2019:
united states locations                date brighton, colorado (denver)            august 2016
littleton, colorado (denver)           january 2017
ogden, utah (salt lake city)           march 2017
newbury, united kingdom                united kingdom            september 2016
nobitz, thuringia (leipzig)            germany                   april 2018
belfast, northern ireland              united kingdom            april 2018
curitiba, paraná                       brazil                    september 2018
the following table sets forth operational facilities obtained through business acquisitions from august 1, 2016 through july 31, 2019:
locations                geographic service area   date cycle express, llc (1)   united states             june 2017
greenville, kentucky     united states             march 2019
(1)   cycle express, llc conducts business primarily as national powersport auctions (npa), a leading non-salvage auction platform for motorcycles, snowmobiles, watercraft and other powersports vehicles. npa has facilities in san diego, california; philadelphia, pennsylvania; dallas, texas; cincinnati, ohio; atlanta, georgia; littleton, colorado; madison, wisconsin; portland, oregon; and sacramento, california.
the period-to-period comparability of our consolidated operating results and financial position is affected by business acquisitions, new openings, weather and product introductions during such periods.
in addition to growth through business acquisitions, we seek to increase revenues and profitability by, among other things, (i) acquiring and developing additional vehicle storage facilities in key markets; (ii) pursuing national and regional vehicle seller agreements; (iii) increasing our service offerings; and (iv) expanding the application of vb3 into new markets. in addition, we implement our pricing structure and auction procedures, and attempt to introduce cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities by implementing our operational procedures, integrating our management information systems, and redeploying personnel, when necessary.
(in thousands)                2019                    2018                    2017                              change           % change             change           % change service revenues united states          $1,537,431              $1,385,238              $1,128,990          $152,193             11.0      %      $256,248             22.7      %
service revenues. the increase in service revenues for fiscal 2019 of $177.2 million, or 11.2% as compared to fiscal 2018 came from (i) an increase in the u.s. of $152.2 million and (ii) an increase in international of $25.0 million. the increase in the u.s. was driven primarily by (i) increased volume and (ii) an increase in revenue per car due to higher average auction selling prices, which we believe is due to a change in the mix of vehicles sold, and partially offset by (iii) hurricane harvey, as the storm produced an extraordinary volume of flood damaged vehicles in the prior year. the increase in volume in the u.s. was derived from (i) growth in the number of units sold from new and expanded contracts with insurance companies and (ii) growth from existing suppliers, driven by what we believe was an increase in total loss frequency. excluding the detrimental impact of $12.0 million due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily from the change in the british pound, brazilian real and european union euro to u.s. dollar exchange rates, the increase in international of $37.0 million was driven primarily by increased volume and an increase in revenue per car.
(in thousands)              2019                  2018                  2017                          change           % change           change           % change vehicle sales united states          $119,138              $105,784               $64,198         $13,354             12.6      %     $41,586             64.8      %
vehicle sales. the increase in vehicle sales for fiscal 2019 of $59.1 million, or 26.0% as compared to fiscal 2018 came from (i) an increase in international of $45.7 million and (ii) an increase in the u.s. of $13.4 million. excluding a detrimental impact of $8.9 million due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily from the change in the british pound and european union euro to u.s. dollar exchange rates, the growth in international of $54.6 million was primarily the result of higher average auction selling prices and an increase in volume. the increase in the u.s. was primarily the result of increased volume and higher average auction selling prices, which we believe was due to a change in the mix of vehicles sold.
(in thousands)                                                        2019                  2018                  2017                          change           % change             change           % change yard operations expenses united states                             $751,653              $730,865              $585,587         $20,788              2.8   %         $145,278             24.8      %
yard operations expenses, excluding depreciation and amortization united states                             $697,115              $683,079              $553,329         $14,036              2.1   %         $129,750             23.4      %
yard depreciation and amortization united states                              $54,538               $47,786               $32,258          $6,752             14.1   %          $15,528             48.1      %
yard operations expenses. the increase in yard operations expenses for fiscal 2019 of $41.2 million, or 4.9% as compared to fiscal 2018 resulted from (i) an increase in the u.s. of $20.8 million, primarily from growth in volume and a $6.8 million increase in depreciation; and (ii) an increase in international of $20.5 million related primarily to growth in volume; partially offset by the beneficial impact of $7.2 million due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily from changes in the british pound, brazilian real and european union euro to u.s. dollar exchange rate. the increase in the cost to process each car in fiscal 2018 in the u.s. relates to the negative impact of abnormal costs of $68.6 million for temporary storage facilities; abnormally high costs for subhaulers; increased labor costs due to overtime; travel and lodging due to the reassignment of employees; and equipment lease expenses to handle the increased volume associated with hurricane harvey, as the storm produced extraordinary volumes of flood damaged vehicles. these costs did not include normal expenses associated with the increased unit volume created by the hurricane, which are deferred until the sale of the units and are recognized as vehicle pooling costs on the balance sheet. included in yard operations expenses were depreciation and amortization expenses. the increase in yard operations depreciation and amortization expenses resulted primarily from depreciating new and expanded facilities placed into service in the u.s.
(in thousands)                  2019                  2018                  2017                          change           % change           change           % change cost of vehicle sales united states          $112,268              $101,130               $61,484         $11,138             11.0      %     $39,646             64.5      %
cost of vehicle sales. the increase in cost of vehicle sales for fiscal 2019 of $59.0 million, or 30.1% as compared to fiscal 2018 was the result of (i) an increase in international of $47.9 million and (ii) an increase in the u.s. of $11.1 million. excluding the beneficial impact of $7.8 million due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily from changes in the british pound and european euro to u.s. dollar exchange rate, the increase in international of $55.7 million was primarily the result of higher purchase prices and increased volume. the increase in the u.s. was primarily the result of increased volume and higher average purchase prices, which we believe is due to a change in the mix of vehicles sold.
(in thousands)                                                                    2019                  2018                  2017                          change            % change           change            % change general and administrative expenses united states                                   $151,854              $144,140              $130,392          $7,714               5.4   %        $13,748              10.5   %
general and administrative expenses, excluding depreciation and amortization united states                                   $131,257              $124,147              $115,143          $7,110               5.7   %         $9,004               7.8   %
general and administrative depreciation and amortization united states                                    $20,597               $19,993               $15,249            $604               3.0   %         $4,744              31.1   %
general and administrative expenses. the increase in general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2019 of $5.0 million, or 2.8% as compared to fiscal 2018 came primarily from an increase in the u.s. of $7.7 million, partially offset by a decrease in international of $2.7 million, primarily from the fiscal 2018 impact of payroll taxes from the exercise of employee stock options. excluding depreciation and amortization, the increase in the u.s. of $7.1 million resulted primarily from supporting our continued growth initiatives, as well as certain litigation costs and payroll taxes from the exercise of employee stock options.
impairment. during fiscal 2018, we recognized a $1.1 million charge primarily related to fully impairing a supply contract in the international segment. during fiscal 2017, we recognized a $19.4 million charge primarily related to fully impairing costs previously capitalized in connection with the development of business operating software.
other (expense) income. the decrease in total other expense for fiscal 2019 of $10.3 million, or 47.2% as compared to fiscal 2018 was primarily due to gains on the disposal of certain non-operating assets in the current year and an increase in currency gains, primarily due to the change in the british pound to u.s. dollar exchange rate, partially offset by losses on the disposal of certain non-operating assets in the prior year.
income taxes. our effective income tax rates were 16.1%, 25.7%, and 10.4% for fiscal 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively. the current year's effective tax rate was computed based on the u.s. federal statutory tax rate of 21.0% for the fiscal year ending july 31, 2019 and was favorably impacted by $10.2 million of discrete tax items related to amending previously filed income tax returns. the prior year's effective tax rate was computed based on the reduced blended u.s. federal statutory tax rate of 26.9% for the fiscal year ending july 31, 2018 and included the effects of the tax cuts and jobs act (the "act"). see note 10 - income taxes for a detailed discussion of the act. the effective tax rates in the current and prior years were also impacted from the result of recognizing excess tax benefits from the exercise of employee stock options of $46.1 million, $21.3 million, and $107.6 million for fiscal years 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively.
for a discussion of fiscal 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017, please refer to part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our form 10-k for the fiscal year ended july 31, 2018, filed with the securities and exchange commission on october 1, 2018.
liquidity and capital resources the following table presents a comparison of key components of our liquidity and capital resources for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, excluding additional funds available to us through our revolving loan facility:
working capital                     405,163               431,860               285,108       (26,697       )          (6.2   )%       146,752             51.5      %
capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions         $(373,883   )         $(287,910   )         $(172,178   )      $(85,973    )         (29.9     )%     $(115,732    )           (67.2   )%
acquisitions, net of cash acquired                        (745   )            (8,787   )          (160,812   )         8,042               91.5      %       152,025                 94.5   %
net repayments on revolving loan facility                    -              (231,000   )            (7,000   )       231,000              100.0      %      (224,000    )        (3,200.0   )%
cash and cash equivalents and working capital decreased $88.2 million and $26.7 million at july 31, 2019, respectively, as compared july 31, 2018 primarily due to repurchases of common stock as part of our stock repurchase program, capital expenditures, and payments for employee stock-based tax withholdings, partially offset by cash generated from operations and a decline in cash used for acquisitions. cash equivalents consisted of bank deposits, domestic certificates of deposit, and funds invested in money market accounts, which bear interest at variable rates.
historically, we have financed our growth through cash generated from operations, public offerings of common stock, equity issued in conjunction with certain acquisitions and debt financing. our primary source of cash generated by operations is from the collection of service fees and reimbursable advances from the proceeds of vehicle sales. we expect to continue to use cash flows from operations to finance our working capital needs and to develop and grow our business. in addition to our stock repurchase program, we are considering a variety of alternative potential uses for our remaining cash balances and our cash flows from operations. these alternative potential uses include additional stock repurchases, repayments of long-term debt, the payment of dividends, and acquisitions. for further detail, see notes to consolidated financial statements, note 7 - long-term debt and note 9 - stockholders' equity and under the subheadings "credit agreement" and "note purchase agreement" below.
our business is seasonal as inclement weather during the winter months increases the frequency of accidents and consequently, the number of cars involved in accidents which the insurance companies salvage rather than repair. during the winter months, most of our facilities process 5% to 20% more vehicles than at other times of the year. this increased volume requires the increased use of our cash to pay out advances and handling costs of the additional business.
we believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. we expect to acquire or develop additional locations and expand some of our current facilities in the foreseeable future. we may be required to raise additional cash through drawdowns on our revolving loan facility or issuance of additional equity to fund this expansion. although the timing and magnitude of growth through expansion and acquisitions are not predictable, the opening of new greenfield yards is contingent upon our ability to locate property that (i) is in an area in which we have a need for more capacity; (ii) has adequate size given the capacity needs; (iii) has the appropriate shape and topography for our operations; (iv) is reasonably close to a major road or highway; and (v) most importantly, has the appropriate zoning for our business. costs to develop a new yard can range from $3.0 to $50.0 million, depending on size, location and developmental infrastructure requirements.
as of july 31, 2019, $75.3 million of the $186.3 million of cash and cash equivalents was held by our foreign subsidiaries. if these funds are needed for our operations in the u.s. the repatriation of these funds could still be subject to the foreign withholding tax related to the u.s. tax reform and the mandatory transition tax, which is imposed on the post-1986 undistributed foreign earnings and profits. however, our intent is to permanently reinvest these funds outside of the u.s. and our current plans do not require repatriation to fund our u.s. operations.
net cash used in operating activities increased for fiscal 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018 due to improved cash operating results from an increase in service and vehicle sales revenues and lower asset impairments, partially offset by an increase in yard operations and general and administrative expenses, and changes in operating assets and liabilities. the change in operating assets and liabilities was primarily the result of an increase in income taxes payable of $13.8 million offset by a decrease in funds used to pay accounts payable of $42.2 million, decrease in funds received on accounts receivable of $20.5 million and an increase in vehicle pooling costs deferred of $13.1 million, primarily from the adoption of asc 606, as we began deferring the inbound transportation costs and titling fees directly associated with the vehicles during fiscal 2019.
net cash used in investing activities increased for fiscal 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018 due primarily to increases in capital expenditures partially offset by proceeds from the sale of assets and a decrease in acquisitions. our capital expenditures are primarily related to lease buyouts of certain facilities, opening and improving facilities, software development, and acquiring yard equipment. we continue to expand and invest in new and existing facilities and standardize the appearance of existing locations. we have no material non-cancelable commitments for future capital expenditures as of july 31, 2019. included in capital expenditures were capitalized software development costs for new software for internal use and major software enhancements to existing software. capitalized software development costs were $6.1 million, $7.4 million and $7.1 million for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. if, at any time it is determined that capitalized software provides a reduced economic benefit, the unamortized portion of the capitalized development costs will be impaired. additionally, during fiscal 2017, we recognized a $19.4 million charge primarily related to fully impairing costs previously capitalized in connection with the development of business operating software. see notes to consolidated financial statements, capitalized software costs in note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies.
net cash used in financing activities increased in fiscal 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to repurchases of our common stock as part of our stock repurchase program as discussed in further detail under the subheading "stock repurchases", an increase in payments for employee stock-based tax withholdings and a decrease in proceeds from the exercise of stock options, partially offset by net repayments on our revolving loan facility. for further detail, see notes to consolidated financial statements, note 9 - stockholders' equity.
for a discussion of fiscal 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017, please refer to part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our form 10-k for the fiscal year ended july 31, 2018, filed with the securities and exchange commission on october 1, 2018.
stock repurchases on september 22, 2011, our board of directors approved an 80 million share increase in the stock repurchase program, bringing the total current authorization to 196 million shares. the repurchases may be effected through solicited or unsolicited transactions in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. no time limit has been placed on the duration of the stock repurchase program. subject to applicable securities laws, such repurchases will be made at such times and in such amounts as we deem appropriate and may be discontinued at any time. for fiscal 2019, we repurchased 7,635,596 shares of our common stock under the program at a weighted average price of $47.81 per share totaling $365.0 million. for fiscal 2018 and 2017, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock under the program. as of july 31, 2019, the total number of shares repurchased under the program was 114,549,198 and 81,450,802 shares were available for repurchase under our program.
during fiscal 2018 and 2017, certain executive officers and members of our board of directors exercised stock options through cashless exercises. during fiscal 2019, our former president exercised all of his vested stock options through a cashless exercise. a portion of the options exercised were net settled in satisfaction of the exercise price. we remitted $45.6 million, no amounts and $134.6 million for the years ended july 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, to the proper taxing authorities in satisfaction of the employees' statutory withholding requirements.
period           options exercised            weighted average exercise price     shares net settled for exercise   shares withheld for taxes (1)       net shares to employees           weighted average share price for withholding   employee stock based tax withholding (in 000s)
(1)   shares withheld for taxes are treated as a repurchase of shares for accounting purposes but do not count against our stock repurchase program.
contractual obligations we lease certain domestic and foreign facilities, and certain equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. in addition to the minimum future lease commitments presented, the leases generally require us to pay property taxes, insurance, maintenance and repair costs which are not included in the table because we have determined these items are not material. the following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of july 31, 2019:
1 year contractual obligations long-term debt, revolving loan facility, including current portion (1)                            $-                           $-                $100,000             $300,000                    $-                     $400,000
interest payments on long-term debt, revolving loan facility, including current portion (1)       17,893                   34,727                  33,720             48,501                      -                       134,841
capital leases (2)                                                                            644                           1,124                       -             -                           -                         1,768
tax liabilities (3)                                                                               -                             -                       -             -                           35,116                   35,116
amount of commitment expiration per period commercial commitments (4)   less than1 year             1-3 years             3-5 years             more than5 years            other           total letters of credit            $25,083                     $-                    $-                    $-                          $-              $25,083
(1)   revolving loan facility payments of zero and related interest payments reflect management's intent for the use of the revolving loan facility, which may change on a quarter by quarter basis.
(2)   contractual obligations consist of future non-cancelable minimum lease payments under capital and operating leases, used in the normal course of business.
(3)   tax liabilities include the long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet for unrecognized tax positions. at this time, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes.
(4)   commercial commitments consist primarily of letters of credit provided for insurance programs and certain business transactions including cash collateralized bank guarantees.
credit agreement on december 3, 2014, we entered into a credit agreement (as amended from time to time, the "credit amendment") with wells fargo bank, national association, as administrative agent, and bank of america, n.a., as syndication agent. the credit agreement provided for (a) a secured revolving loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to $300.0 million (the "revolving loan facility"), and (b) a secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $300.0 million (the "term loan"), which was fully drawn at closing. the term loan amortized $18.8 million per quarter.
on march 15, 2016, we entered into a first amendment to credit agreement (the "amendment to credit agreement") with wells fargo bank, national association, as administrative agent and bank of america, n.a. the amendment to credit agreement amended certain terms of the credit agreement, dated as of december 3, 2014. the amendment to credit agreement provided for (a) an increase in the secured revolving credit commitments by $50.0 million, bringing the aggregate principal amount of the revolving credit commitments under the credit agreement to $350.0 million, (b) a new secured term loan (the "incremental term loan") in the aggregate principal amount of $93.8 million having a maturity date of march 15, 2021, and (c) an extension of the termination date of the revolving loan facility and the maturity date of the term loan from december 3, 2019 to march 15, 2021. the amendment to credit agreement extended the amortization period for the term loan and decreased the quarterly amortization payments for that loan to $7.5 million per quarter. the amendment to credit agreement additionally reduced the pricing levels under the credit agreement to a range of 0.15% to 0.30% in the case of the commitment fee, 1.125% to 2.0% in the case of the applicable margin for libor loans, and 0.125% to 1.0% in the case of the applicable margin for base rate loans, based on our consolidated total net leverage ratio during the preceding fiscal quarter. we borrowed the entire $93.8 million principal amount of the incremental term loan concurrent with the closing of the amendment to credit agreement.
on july 21, 2016, we entered into a second amendment to credit agreement (the "second amendment to credit agreement") with wells fargo bank, national association, suntrust bank, and bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent (as successor in interest to wells fargo bank). the second amendment to credit agreement amends certain terms of the credit agreement, dated as of december 3, 2014 as amended by the amendment to credit agreement, dated as of march 15, 2016. the second amendment to credit agreement provides for, among other things, (a) an increase in the secured revolving credit commitments by $500.0 million, bringing the aggregate principal amount of the revolving credit commitments under the credit agreement to $850.0 million, (b) the repayment of existing term loans outstanding under the credit agreement, (c) an extension of the termination date of the revolving credit facility under the credit agreement from march 15, 2021 to july 21, 2021, and (d) increased covenant flexibility.
concurrent with the closing of the second amendment to credit agreement, we prepaid in full the outstanding $242.5 million principal amount of the term loan and incremental term loan under the credit agreement without premium or penalty. the second amendment to credit agreement reduced the pricing levels under the credit agreement to a range of 0.125% to 0.20% in the case of the commitment fee, 1.00% to 1.75% in the case of the applicable margin for libor loans, and 0.0% to 0.75% in the case of the applicable margin for base rate loans, in each case depending on our consolidated total net leverage ratio during the preceding fiscal quarter. the principal purposes of these financing transactions were to increase the size and availability under our revolving loan facility and to provide additional long-term financing. the proceeds are being used for general corporate purposes, including working capital and capital expenditures, potential share repurchases, acquisitions, or other investments relating to our expansion strategies in domestic and international markets.
the revolving loan facility under the credit agreement bears interest, at our election, at either (a) the base rate, which is defined as a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the greatest of (i) the prime rate in effect on such day; (ii) the federal funds rate in effect on such date plus 0.50%; or (iii) the libor rate plus 1.0%, in each case plus an applicable margin ranging from 0.0% to 0.75% based on our consolidated total net leverage ratio during the preceding fiscal quarter; or (b) the libor rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.00% to 1.75% depending on our consolidated total net leverage ratio during the preceding fiscal quarter. interest is due and payable quarterly, in arrears, for loans bearing interest at the base rate, and at the end of an interest period (or at each three month interval in the case of loans with interest periods greater than three months) in the case of loans bearing interest at the libor rate. the interest rate as of july 31, 2019 on our revolving loan facility was the one month libor rate of 2.22% plus an applicable margin of 1.00%. the carrying amount of the credit agreement is comprised of borrowings under which interest accrues under a fluctuating interest rate structure. accordingly, the carrying value approximates fair value at july 31, 2019, and was classified within level ii of the fair value hierarchy.
amounts borrowed under the revolving loan facility may be repaid and reborrowed until the maturity date of july 21, 2021. we are obligated to pay a commitment fee on the unused portion of the revolving loan facility. the commitment fee rate ranges from 0.125% to 0.20%, depending on our consolidated total net leverage ratio during the preceding fiscal quarter, on the average daily unused portion of the revolving credit commitment under the credit agreement. we had no outstanding borrowings under the revolving loan facility as of july 31, 2019 and 2018.
our obligations under the credit agreement are guaranteed by certain of our domestic subsidiaries meeting materiality thresholds set forth in the credit agreement. such obligations, including the guaranties, are secured by substantially all of our assets and the assets of the subsidiary guarantors pursuant to a security agreement as part of the second amendment to credit agreement, dated july 21, 2016, among us, the subsidiary guarantors from time to time party thereto, and bank of america, n.a., as collateral agent.
the credit agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that limit or restrict us and our subsidiaries' ability to, among other things, incur indebtedness, grant liens, merge or consolidate, dispose of assets, make investments, make acquisitions, enter into transactions with affiliates, pay dividends, or make distributions on and repurchase stock, in each case subject to certain exceptions. we are also required to maintain compliance, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter, with a consolidated total net leverage ratio and a consolidated interest coverage ratio. the credit agreement contains no restrictions on the payment of dividends and other restricted payments, as defined, as long as (1) the consolidated total net leverage ratio, as defined, both before and after giving effect to any such dividend or restricted payment on a pro forma basis, is less than 3.25:1, in an unlimited amount, (2) if clause (1) is not available, so long as the consolidated total net leverage ratio both before and after giving effect to any such dividend on a pro forma basis is less than 3.50:1, in an aggregate amount not to exceed the available amount, as defined, and (3) if clauses (1) and (2) are not available, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $50.0 million; provided, that, minimum liquidity, as defined, shall be not less than $75.0 million both before and after giving effect to any such dividend or restricted payment. as of july 31, 2019, the consolidated total net leverage ratio was 0.30:1. minimum liquidity as of july 31, 2019 was $1.0 billion. accordingly, we do not believe that the provisions of the credit agreement represent a significant restriction to our ability to pay dividends or to the successful future operations of the business. we have not paid a cash dividend since becoming a public company in 1994. we were in compliance with all covenants related to the credit agreement as of july 31, 2019.
on july 21, 2016, we entered into amendment no. 1 to note purchase agreement (the "first amendment to note purchase agreement") which amended certain terms of the note purchase agreement, including providing for increased flexibility substantially consistent with the changes included in the second amendment to credit agreement, including among other things increased covenant flexibility.
we may prepay the senior notes, in whole or in part, at any time, subject to certain conditions, including minimum amounts and payment of a make-whole amount equal to the discounted value of the remaining scheduled interest payments under the senior notes.
our obligations under the note purchase agreement are guaranteed by certain of our domestic subsidiaries meeting materiality thresholds set forth in the note purchase agreement. such obligations, including the guaranties, are secured by substantially all of our assets and the assets of the subsidiary guarantors. our obligations and our subsidiary guarantors under the note purchase agreement will be treated on a pari passu basis with the obligations of those entities under the credit agreement as well as any additional debt that we may obtain.
the note purchase agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that limit or restrict us and our subsidiaries' ability to, among other things, incur indebtedness, grant liens, merge or consolidate, dispose of assets, make investments, make acquisitions, enter into transactions with affiliates, pay dividends, or make distributions and repurchase stock, in each case subject to certain exceptions. we are also required to maintain compliance, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter, with a consolidated total net leverage ratio and a consolidated interest coverage ratio. the note purchase agreement contains no restrictions on the payment of dividends and other restricted payments, as defined, as long as (1) the consolidated total net leverage ratio, as defined, both before and after giving effect to any such dividend or restricted payment on a pro forma basis, is less than 3.25:1, in an unlimited amount, (2) if clause (1) is not available, so long as the consolidated total net leverage ratio both before and after giving effect to any such dividend on a pro forma basis is less than 3.50:1, in an aggregate amount not to exceed the available amount, as defined, and (3) if clauses (1) and (2) are not available, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $50.0 million; provided, that, minimum liquidity, as defined, shall be not less than $75.0 million both before and after giving effect to any such dividend or restricted payment on a pro forma basis. as of july 31, 2019, the consolidated total net leverage ratio was 0.30:1. minimum liquidity as of july 31, 2019 was $1.0 billion. accordingly, we do not believe that the provisions of the note purchase agreement represent a significant restriction to our ability to pay dividends or to the successful future operations of the business. we have not paid a cash dividend since becoming a public company in 1994. we are in compliance with all covenants related to the note purchase agreement as of july 31, 2019.
related to the execution of the credit agreement, first amendment to credit agreement, second amendment to credit agreement, and the note purchase agreement, we incurred $3.4 million in costs, of which $2.0 million was capitalized as debt issuance fees and $1.4 million was recorded as a reduction of the long-term debt proceeds as a debt discount. both the debt issuance fees and debt discount are amortized to interest expense over the term of the respective debt instruments and are classified as reductions of the outstanding liability.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of july 31, 2019, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements pursuant to item 303(a)(4) of regulation s-k promulgated under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. estimates include, but are not limited to, vehicle pooling costs; income taxes; stock-based compensation; purchase price allocations; and contingencies. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other judgments that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates.
management has discussed the selection of critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of the board of directors and the audit committee has reviewed our disclosure relating to critical accounting policies and estimates in this annual report on form 10-k. our significant accounting policies are described in the notes to consolidated financial statements, note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies. the following is a summary of the more significant judgments and estimates included in our critical accounting policies used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. we discuss, where appropriate, sensitivity to change based on other outcomes reasonably likely to occur.
the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes in part i., item i., "financial statements."
revenue recognition in may 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606) (asc 606), which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in asc 605, revenue recognition. asu 2014-09 is based on the principle that revenue is recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. asu 2014-09 also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. asu 2014-09 was effective for annual and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2017 and was effective for us beginning with the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. asu 2014-09 allows adoption with either retrospective application to each period presented, or modified retrospective application, with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of initial application. we used the modified retrospective application with the cumulative effect as our transition method.
upon adoption, service revenue and vehicle sales revenue are recognized at the date the vehicles are sold at auction. this timing of revenue recognition under asu 2014-09 is consistent with our previous policy under asc 605 for most service and vehicle sales revenue. however, the adoption represents a change in the timing of revenue recognition for certain service revenues, such as inbound transportation and titling fees, which were previously recognized under asc 605 when the services were performed, which generally occurred prior to auction. related costs to prepare the vehicles for auction, including inbound transportation and titling, are deferred and recognized at the time of revenue recognition. this change resulted in a decrease to beginning retained earnings as of august 1, 2018, of $23.0 million as a result of the initial application of the standard and did not have a material impact to earnings. this retained earnings adjustment related to adjustments to accounts receivable, vehicle pooling costs and deferred taxes upon adoption of the standard.
there were no contract liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets at july 31, 2019. our disaggregation between service revenues and vehicle sales at the segment level reflects how the nature, timing, amount and uncertainty of our revenues and cash flows are impacted by economic factors. we report sales taxes on relevant transactions on a net basis in our consolidated results of operations, and therefore do not include sales taxes in revenues or costs.
service revenues our service revenue consists of auction and auction related sales transaction fees charged for vehicle remarketing services. within this revenue category, our primary performance obligation is the auctioning of consigned vehicles through an online auction process. these auction and auction related services may include a combination of vehicle purchasing fees, vehicle listing fees, and vehicle selling fees that can be based on a predetermined percentage of the vehicle sales price, tiered vehicle sales price driven fees, or at a fixed fee based on the sale of each vehicle regardless of the selling price of the vehicle; transportation fees for the cost of transporting the vehicle to or from our facility; title processing and preparation fees; vehicle storage fees; bidding fees; and vehicle loading fees. these services are not distinct within the context of the contract. accordingly, revenue for these services is recognized when the single performance obligation is satisfied at the completion of the auction process. we do not take ownership of these consigned vehicles, which are stored at our facilities located throughout the u.s. and at its international locations. these fees are recognized as net revenue (not gross vehicle selling price) at the time of auction in the amount of such fees charged.
no provision for returns has been established, as all sales are final with no right of return or warranty, although we provide for bad debt expense in the case of non-performance by our buyers or sellers.
service revenues united states          $1,537,431              $1,385,238              $1,128,990
vehicle sales united states          $119,138              $105,784               $64,198
contract assets we capitalize certain contract assets related to obtaining a contract, where the amortization period for the related asset is greater than one year. these assets are amortized over the expected life of the customer relationship. contract assets are classified as current or long-term other assets, based on the timing of when we expect to recognize the related revenues and are amortized as an offset to the associated revenues on a straight-line basis. we assess these costs for impairment at least quarterly and as "triggering" events occur that indicate it is more likely than not that an impairment exists. the contract asset costs where the amortization period for the related asset is one year or less are expensed as incurred and recorded within general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of income.
vehicle pooling costs we defer costs that relate directly to the fulfillment of our contracts associated with vehicles consigned to and received by us, but not sold as of the end of the period. we quantify the deferred costs using a calculation that includes the number of vehicles at our facilities at the beginning and end of the period, the number of vehicles sold during the period and an allocation of certain yard operation costs of the period. the primary expenses allocated and deferred are inbound transportation costs, titling fees, certain facility costs, labor, and vehicle processing. upon the adoption of asc 606, we began deferring the inbound transportation costs and titling fees directly associated with the vehicles within our vehicle pooling costs. if the allocation factors change, then yard operation expenses could increase or decrease correspondingly in the future. these costs are expensed as vehicles are sold in subsequent periods on an average cost basis.
fair value of financial instruments we record our financial assets and liabilities at fair value in accordance with the framework for measuring fair value in u.s. gaap. in accordance with asc 820, fair value measurements and disclosures, as amended by accounting standards update 2011-04, we consider fair value as an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants under current market conditions. this framework establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value:
level i   observable inputs that reflect unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities traded in active markets.
level ii   inputs other than quoted prices included within level i that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.
level iii   inputs that are generally unobservable. these inputs may be used with internally developed methodologies that result in management's best estimate.
the amounts recorded for financial instruments in our consolidated financial statements, which included cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities and revolving loan facility approximated their fair values for fiscal 2019 and 2018 due to the short-term nature of those instruments and are classified within level ii of the fair value hierarchy. cash equivalents are classified within level ii of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices of the underlying investments. see notes to consolidated financial statements, note 7 - long-term debt and note 8 - fair value measures.
capitalized software costs we capitalize system development costs and website development costs related to our enterprise computing services during the application development stage. costs related to preliminary project activities and post implementation activities are expensed as incurred. internal-use software is amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life, generally three to seven years. management evaluates the useful lives of these assets on an annual basis and tests for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that impact the recoverability of these assets. total gross capitalized software as of july 31, 2019 and 2018 was $39.4 million and $30.7 million, respectively. accumulated amortization expense related to software as of july 31, 2019 and 2018 totaled $23.6 million and $16.0 million, respectively. during the year ended july 31, 2018, we retired fully amortized capitalized software of $15.5 million, which were no longer being utilized. additionally, during fiscal 2017, we recognized a $19.4 million charge primarily related to fully impairing costs previously capitalized in connection with the development of business operating software.
valuation of goodwill we evaluate the impairment of goodwill for our reporting units annually or on an interim basis if certain indicators are present, either through a quantitative or qualitative analysis. the annual goodwill impairment analysis, which was performed qualitatively during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, considered all relevant factors specific to our reporting units, including macroeconomic conditions; industry and market considerations; overall financial performance and relevant entity-specific events. management considered the above factors noting none involved significant uncertainty. in addition, the industry in which we operate improved over the observable period, and our calculated fair value exceeded carrying value for each reporting unit by a substantial amount in our prior year quantitative analysis, indicating no material risk as of july 31, 2019, with respect to potential goodwill impairments.
income taxes and deferred tax assets we account for income tax exposures as required under asc 740, income taxes. we are subject to income taxes in the u.s., canada, the u.k., brazil, spain, germany, and other emerging markets around the world. in arriving at a provision of income taxes, we first calculate taxes payable in accordance with the prevailing tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate. then we analyze the timing differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of our assets and liabilities, such as various accruals, depreciation and amortization. the tax effects of the timing difference are presented as deferred tax assets and liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. we consider the need to maintain a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets based on management's assessment of whether it is more likely than not that we would realize those deferred tax assets based on future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and the ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period available under the applicable tax law. as of july 31, 2019, we have $8.6 million of valuation allowance arising from both our u.s. and international operations. to the extent we establish a valuation allowance or change the amount of valuation allowance in a period, we reflect the change with a corresponding increase or decrease in our income tax provision in the consolidated statements of income.
historically, our income tax provision has been sufficient to cover our actual income tax liabilities among the jurisdictions in which we operate. nonetheless, our future effective tax rate could still be adversely affected by several factors, including (i) the geographical allocation of our future earnings; (ii) the change in tax laws or our interpretation of tax laws; (iii) the changes in governing regulations and accounting principles; (iv) the changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; and (v) the outcome of the income tax examinations. we routinely assess the possibilities of material changes resulting from the aforementioned factors to determine the adequacy of our income tax provision. the repatriation of our accumulated foreign earnings could also affect our effective tax rate, nevertheless, we intend to indefinitely reinvest these earnings in our foreign operations and do not anticipate the need for any of our foreign subsidiaries' cash in the u.s. operations. accordingly, we do not provide for u.s. federal income and foreign withholding tax on these earnings.
we recognize and measure uncertain tax positions in accordance with asc740, income taxes, pursuant to which we only recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. we report a liability for unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. asc740 further requires that a change in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions be recognized in earnings in the quarter in which such change occurs. we recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.
we file annual income tax returns in multiple taxing jurisdictions. a number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position is audited by the relevant tax authorities and finally resolved. we believe that our reserves for income taxes reflect the most likely outcome. we adjust these reserves, as well as the related interest, where appropriate in light of changing facts and circumstances. settlement of any particular position could require the use of cash.
stock-based compensation we account for our stock-based awards to employees and non-employees using the fair value method as required by asc 718, compensation-stock compensation (asc 718), which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all stock-based awards made to employees, consultants and directors based on estimated fair value. asc 718 requires companies to estimate the fair value of stock-based awards on the measurement date using an option-pricing model. the value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized in expense over the requisite service periods. asc 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates.
the fair value of each option was estimated on the measurement date using the black-scholes merton (bsm) option-pricing model utilizing subjective assumptions, including future stock price volatility and expected time until exercise, which greatly affect the calculated fair value on the measurement date. if actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and judgments used in estimating the key assumptions, we may be required to record additional compensation or income tax expense, which could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial position.
foreign currency translation we record foreign currency translation adjustments from the process of translating the functional currency of the financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries into the u.s. dollar reporting currency. the canadian dollar, british pound, brazilian real, european union euro, u.a.e. dirham, omani rial, bahraini dinar, and indian rupee are the functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries, as they are the primary currencies within the economic environment in which each subsidiary operates. the original equity investment in the respective subsidiaries is translated at historical rates. assets and liabilities of the respective subsidiary's operations are translated into u.s. dollars at period-end exchange rates, and revenues and expenses are translated into u.s. dollars at average exchange rates in effect during each reporting period. adjustments resulting from the translation of each subsidiary's financial statements are reported in other comprehensive income.
accounting for acquisitions we recognize and measure identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in acquired entities in accordance with asc 805, business combinations. the allocation of the purchase consideration for acquisitions can require extensive use of accounting estimates and judgments to allocate the purchase consideration to the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values. the excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the values of the identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. critical estimates in valuing certain identifiable assets include but are not limited to expected long-term revenues; future expected operating expenses; cost of capital; appropriate attrition; and discount rates.
segment reporting our u.s. and international regions are considered two separate operating segments and are disclosed as two reportable segments. the segments represent geographic areas and reflect how the chief operating decision maker allocates resources and measures results, including total revenues and operating income. our revenues for the year ended july 31, 2019 were distributed as follows: u.s. 81.1% and international 18.9%. geographic information as well as comparative segment revenues and related financial information pertaining to the u.s. and international segments for the years ended july 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 are presented in the tables in note 12 - segments and other geographic reporting, to the notes to consolidated financial statements, which are included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k.