item 1a.  risk factors the risks set forth in the following risk factors could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the company's forward-looking statements. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the company or that the company currently does not deem to be material also may materially impact the company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
new legislation or regulatory changes could impact the company's earnings or restrict its ability to independently negotiate prices.
legislation passed by congress, new regulations issued by federal agencies or executive orders issued by the president of the united states could significantly affect the revenues, costs and profitability of the company's business. in addition, statutes or regulations imposing price constraints or affecting rail-to-rail competition could adversely affect the company's profitability.
the company is subject to the jurisdiction of various regulatory agencies, including the stb, fra, phmsa, tsa, epa and other state, provincial and federal regulatory agencies for a variety of economic, health, safety, labor, environmental, tax, legal and other matters. new or modified rules or regulations by these agencies could increase the company's operating costs, adversely impact revenue or reduce operating efficiencies and affect service performance. for example, the rsia, as amended, mandated that the installation of ptc hardware be completed by december 31, 2018, and requires that the ptc system be fully operational by december 31, 2020 on main lines that carry certain hazardous materials and on lines that have commuter or passenger operations. although csx remains on track to meet this regulatory requirement, noncompliance with these and other applicable laws or regulations could erode public confidence in the company and can subject the company to fines, penalties and other legal or regulatory sanctions.
csxt is also required to comply with regulations regarding the handling of hazardous materials. in november 2008, the tsa issued final rules placing significant new security and safety requirements on passenger and freight railroad carriers, rail transit systems and facilities that ship hazardous materials by rail.  noncompliance with these rules can subject the company to significant penalties and could be a factor in litigation arising out of a train accident. finally, legislation preventing the transport of hazardous materials through certain cities could result in network congestion and increase the length of haul for hazardous substances, which could increase operating costs, reduce operating efficiency or increase the risk of an accident involving the transport of hazardous materials.
csx corporation part i the company faces competition from other transportation providers.
the company experiences competition in pricing, service, reliability and other factors from various transportation providers including railroads and motor carriers that operate similar routes across its service area and, to a less significant extent, barges, ships and pipelines. other transportation providers generally use public rights-of-way that are built and maintained by governmental entities, while csxt and other railroads must build and maintain rail networks largely using internal resources. any future improvements or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation such as through the use of automation, autonomy or electrification, or legislation providing for less stringent size or weight restrictions on trucks, could negatively impact the company's competitive position. additionally, any future consolidation in the rail industry could materially affect the regulatory and competitive environment in which the company operates.
global economic conditions could negatively affect demand for commodities and other freight.
a decline or disruption in general domestic and global economic conditions that affects demand for the commodities and products the company transports, including import and export volume, could reduce revenues or have other adverse effects on the company's cost structure and profitability. for example, slower rates of economic growth in asia, contraction of european economies, and changes in the global supply of seaborne coal or price of seaborne coal have adverse impacts on u.s. export coal volume and result in lower coal revenue for csx. additionally, changes to trade agreements or policies could result in reduced import and export volumes due to increased tariffs and lower consumer demand. if the company experiences significant declines in demand for its transportation services with respect to one or more commodities and products, the company may experience reduced revenue and increased operating costs, workforce adjustments, and other related activities, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
changing dynamics in the u.s. and global energy markets could negatively impact profitability.
increases in production and source locations of natural gas in the u.s. have resulted in lower natural gas prices in csx's service territory. as a result of sustained low natural gas prices, many coal-fired power plants have been displaced by natural gas-fired power generation facilities. if natural gas prices were to remain low, additional coal-fired plants could be displaced, which would likely further reduce the company's domestic coal volumes and revenues. additionally, crude oil prices combined with increased pipeline activity have resulted in volatility in domestic crude oil production, which has affected crude oil volumes for csx.
the company relies on the security, stability and availability of its technology systems to operate its business.
the company relies on information technology in all aspects of its business. the performance and reliability of the company's technology systems are critical to its ability to operate and compete safely and effectively. a cybersecurity attack, which is a deliberate theft of data or impairment of information technology systems, or other significant disruption or failure, could result in a service interruption, train accident, misappropriation of confidential information, process failure, security breach or other operational difficulties. such an event could result in decreased revenues and increased capital, insurance or operating costs, including increased security costs to protect the company's infrastructure. insurance maintained by the company to protect against loss of business and other related consequences resulting from cyber incidents may not be sufficient to cover all damages. a disruption or compromise of the company's information technology systems, even for short periods of time, could have a material adverse effect.
there is potential for operational impacts from changing weather patterns or rising sea levels in the company's operational territory, which could impact the company's network or other assets. climate change and other emissions-related laws and regulations have been proposed and, in some cases adopted, on the federal, state, provincial and local levels. these final and proposed laws and regulations take the form of restrictions, caps, taxes or other controls on emissions. in particular, the epa has issued various regulations and may issue additional regulations targeting emissions, including rules and standards governing emissions from certain stationary sources and from vehicles.
any of these pending or proposed laws or regulations could adversely affect the company's operations and financial results by, among other things: (i) reducing coal-fired electricity generation due to mandated emission standards; (ii) reducing the consumption of coal as a viable energy resource in the united states and canada; (iii) increasing the company's fuel, capital and other operating costs and negatively affecting operating and fuel efficiencies; and (iv) making it difficult for the company's customers in the u.s. and canada to produce products in a cost competitive manner. any of these factors could reduce the amount of shipments the company handles and have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
the company is subject to wide-ranging federal, state, provincial and local environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things, emissions into the air, ground and water; the handling, storage, use, generation, transportation and disposal of waste and other materials; the clean-up of hazardous material and petroleum releases and the health and safety of our employees. if the company violates or fails to comply with these laws and regulations, csx could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. the company can also be held liable for consequences arising out of human exposure to any hazardous substances for which csx is responsible. in certain circumstances, environmental liability can extend to formerly owned or operated properties, leased properties, adjacent properties and properties owned by third parties or company predecessors, as well as to properties currently owned, leased or used by the company.
the company has been, and may in the future be, subject to allegations or findings to the effect that it has violated, or is strictly liable under, environmental laws or regulations, and such violations can result in the company's incurring fines, penalties or costs relating to the clean-up of environmental contamination. although the company believes it has appropriately recorded current and long-term liabilities for known and reasonably estimable future environmental costs, it could incur significant costs that exceed reserves or require unanticipated cash expenditures as a result of any of the foregoing. the company also may be required to incur significant expenses to investigate and remediate known, unknown or future environmental contamination.
the company may be subject to various claims and lawsuits that could result in significant expenditures.
as part of its railroad and other operations, the company is subject to various claims and lawsuits related to disputes over commercial practices, labor and unemployment matters, occupational and personal injury claims, property damage, environmental and other matters. the company may experience material judgments or incur significant costs to defend existing and future lawsuits. although the company maintains insurance to cover some of these types of claims and establishes reserves when appropriate, final amounts determined to be due on any outstanding matters may exceed the company's insurance coverage or differ materially from the recorded reserves. additionally, the company could be impacted by adverse developments not currently reflected in the company's reserve estimates.
the capital intensive and unique nature of core rail equipment (including rolling stock equipment, locomotives, rail, and ties) limits the number of railroad equipment suppliers. if any of the current manufacturers stops production or experiences a supply shortage, csxt could experience a significant cost increase or material shortage. in addition, a few critical railroad suppliers are foreign and, as such, adverse developments in international relations, new trade regulations, disruptions in international shipping or increases in global demand could make procurement of these supplies more difficult or increase csxt's operating costs. additionally, if a fuel supply shortage were to arise, the company would be negatively impacted.
csxt could experience rail network difficulties related to: (i) increased volume; (ii) locomotive or crew shortages; (iii) extreme weather conditions; (iv) impacts from changes in yard capacity, or network structure or composition, including train routes; (v) increased passenger activities; or (vi) regulatory changes impacting where and how fast csxt can transport freight or maintain routes, which could impact csxt's operational fluidity, leading to deterioration of service, asset utilization and overall efficiency.
terrorist attacks, along with any government response to those attacks, may adversely affect the company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. csxt's rail lines, other key infrastructure and information technology systems may be targets or indirect casualties of acts of terror or war. this risk could cause significant business interruption and result in increased costs and liabilities and decreased revenues. in addition, premiums charged for some or all of the insurance coverage currently maintained by the company could increase dramatically, or the coverage may no longer be available.
furthermore, in response to the heightened risk of terrorism, federal, state and local governmental bodies are proposing and, in some cases, have adopted legislation and regulations relating to security issues that impact the transportation industry. for example, the department of homeland security adopted regulations that require freight railroads to implement additional security protocols when transporting hazardous materials. complying with these or future regulations could continue to increase the company's operating costs and reduce operating efficiencies.
severe weather or other natural occurrences could result in significant business interruptions and expenditures in excess of available insurance coverage.
the company's operations may be affected by external factors such as severe weather and other natural occurrences, including floods, fires, hurricanes and earthquakes. as a result, the company's rail network may be damaged, its workforce may be unavailable, fuel costs may rise and significant business interruptions could occur. in addition, the performance of locomotives and railcars could be adversely affected by extreme weather conditions. insurance maintained by the company to protect against loss of business and other related consequences resulting from these natural occurrences is subject to coverage limitations, depending on the nature of the risk insured. this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of the company's damages or damages to others, and this insurance may not continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates. even with insurance, if any natural occurrence leads to a catastrophic interruption of service, the company may not be able to restore service without a significant interruption in operations.
most of csx's employees are represented by labor unions and are covered by collective bargaining agreements. these agreements are either bargained for nationally by the national carriers conference committee or locally between csx and the union. such agreements are negotiated over the course of several years and previously have not resulted in any extended work stoppages. under the railway labor act's procedures (which include mediation, cooling-off periods and the possibility of an intervention by the president of the united states), during negotiations neither party may take action until the procedures are exhausted. if, however, csx is unable to negotiate acceptable agreements, the employees covered by the railway labor act could strike, which could result in loss of business and increased operating costs as a result of higher wages or benefits paid to union members.
the unavailability of critical resources could adversely affect the company's operational efficiency and ability to meet demand.
marketplace conditions for resources like locomotives as well as the availability of qualified personnel, particularly engineers and conductors, could each have a negative impact on the company's ability to meet demand for rail service. although the company believes that it has adequate resources and personnel for the current business environment, unpredictable increases in demand for rail services or extreme weather conditions may exacerbate such risks, which could have a negative impact on the company's operational efficiency and otherwise have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular period.
weaknesses in the capital and credit markets could negatively impact the company's access to capital.
the company regularly relies on capital markets for the issuance of long-term debt instruments, commercial paper and bank financing from time to time. instability or disruptions of the capital markets, including credit markets, or the deterioration of the company's financial condition due to internal or external factors, could restrict or prohibit access and could increase financing costs. a significant deterioration of the company's financial condition could also reduce credit ratings and could limit or affect its access to external sources of capital and increase the costs of short and long-term debt financing.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations terms used by csx when used in this report, unless otherwise indicated by the context, these terms are used to mean the following:
car hire - a charge paid by one railroad for its use of cars belonging to another railroad or car owner.
department of transportation ("dot") - a u.s. government agency with jurisdiction over matters of all modes of transportation.
depreciation study - conducted by a third-party specialist and analyzed by management, a periodic statistical analysis of fixed asset service lives, salvage values, accumulated depreciation, and other factors for group assets along with a comparison of similar asset groups at other companies.
environmental protection agency ("epa") - a u.s. government agency that has regulatory authority with respect to environmental law.
free cash flow - the calculation of a non-gaap measure by using net cash provided by operating activities and adjusting for property additions and certain other investing activities. free cash flow is a measure of cash available for paying dividends, share repurchases and principal reduction on outstanding debt.
group-life depreciation - a type of depreciation in which assets with similar useful lives and characteristics are aggregated into groups. instead of calculating depreciation for individual assets, depreciation is calculated as a whole for each group.
incidental revenue - revenue for switching, demurrage, storage, etc.
intermodal - a flexible way of transporting freight over highway, rail and water without being removed from the original transportation equipment, namely a container or trailer.
csx corporation part ii pipeline and hazardous materials safety administration ("phmsa") - an agency within the dot that, together with the fra, has broad jurisdiction over railroad operating standards and practices, including hazardous materials requirements.
positive train control ("ptc") - an interoperable train control system designed to prevent train-to-train collisions, over-speed derailments, incursions into established work-zone limits, and train diversions onto another set of tracks.
revenue adequacy - the achievement of a rate of return on investment at least equal to the industry cost of investment capital, as measured by the stb.
staggers act of 1980 - congressional law which significantly deregulated the rail industry, replacing the regulatory structure in existence since the 1887 interstate commerce act. where previously rates were controlled by the interstate commerce commission, the staggers act allowed railroads to establish their own rates for shipments, enhancing their ability to compete with other modes of transportation.
surface transportation board ("stb") - an independent governmental adjudicatory body administratively housed within the dot, responsible for the economic regulation of interstate surface transportation within the united states.
switching - putting cars in a specific order, placing cars for loading, retrieving empty cars or adding or removing cars from a train at an intermediate point.
terminal - a facility, typically owned by a railroad, for the handling of freight and for the breaking up, making up, forwarding and servicing of trains.
transportation security administration ("tsa") - a component of the department of homeland security with broad authority over railroad operating practices that may have homeland security implications.
ttx company ("ttx") - a company that provides its owner-railroads with standardized fleets of intermodal, automotive and general use railcars at time and mileage rates. csx owns about 20 percent of ttx's common stock, and the remainder is owned by the other leading north american railroads and their affiliates.
equity earnings of affiliates         (91   )             (96   )            (5    )         (5      )
2019 vs. 2018 results of operations, continued volume and revenue (unaudited)
volume (thousands of units); revenue (dollars in millions); revenue per unit (dollars)
volume                                                        revenue                                               revenue per unit
fertilizers - declined due to unfavorable weather conditions throughout the year that impacted fertilizer applications.
coal volume domestic coal declined primarily due to lower shipments of utility coal as a result of continued competition from natural gas, partially offset by stronger shipments for coke, iron ore and other coal. export coal declined due to lower international shipments of both thermal and metallurgical coal as global benchmark prices declined.
intermodal volume domestic and international intermodal declined primarily due to rationalization of low-density lanes.
other other revenue decreased $64 million versus prior year primarily due to lower revenue for storage at intermodal facilities and a decrease in settlements from customers that did not meet volume commitments. these decreases were partially offset by a favorable contract settlement with a customer.
labor and fringe expenses include employee wages and related payroll taxes, health and welfare costs, pension, other post-retirement benefits and incentive compensation. these expenses decreased $122 million due to the following items:
•   other costs increased $47 million primarily due to inflation that was partially offset by several non-significant items.
materials, supplies and other expenses consist primarily of contracted services to maintain infrastructure and equipment, terminal and pier services and professional services. this category also includes costs related to materials, travel, casualty claims, environmental remediation, train accidents, property and sales tax, utilities and other items including gains on property dispositions. total materials, supplies and other expenses decreased $183 million driven by the following:
•   all other costs increased $15 million primarily due to inflation and favorable adjustments to casualty reserves in 2018, partially offset by other items.
depreciation expense primarily relates to recognizing the costs of a capital asset, such as locomotives, railcars and track structure, over its useful life. this expense is impacted primarily by the capital expenditures made each year. depreciation expense increased $18 million due to a larger asset base and a 2019 equipment depreciation study that resulted in $10 million of additional expense, partially offset by other non-significant items.
equipment and other expenses include rent paid for freight cars owned by other railroads or private companies, net of rents received by csxt for use of its equipment. this category of expenses also includes expenses for short-term and long-term leases of locomotives, railcars, containers and trailers, offices and other rentals. these expenses increased $13 million primarily due to inflation as well as several non-significant items, partially offset by volume and efficiency savings.
equity earnings of affiliates includes earnings from operating equity method investments. equity earnings of affiliates decreased $5 million primarily due to lower net earnings at ttx.
other income - net other income - net includes investment gains, losses and interest income, as well as components of net periodic pension and post-retirement benefit cost and other non-operating activities. other income increased $14 million to $88 million primarily due to increased interest income as a result of higher average investment balances.
income tax expense income tax expense decreased $10 million primarily due to tax benefits from the impacts of stock option exercises and the vesting of other equity awards as well as the resolution of certain state tax matters, partially offset by benefits in 2018 related to state legislative changes and a federal deferred tax adjustment.
net earnings and earnings per diluted share net earnings increased $22 million to $3.3 billion, and earnings per diluted share increased $0.33 to $4.17, due to the factors mentioned above. average shares outstanding was lower as a result of share repurchase activity during the year and had a favorable impact on earnings per diluted share.
2018 vs. 2017 results of operations see discussion of 2018 results of operations compared to 2017 results of operations in part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018.
csx corporation part ii non-gaap measures - unaudited csx reports its financial results in accordance with united states generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). csx also uses certain non-gaap measures that fall within the meaning of securities and exchange commission regulation g and regulation s-k item 10(e), which may provide users of the financial information with additional meaningful comparison to prior reported results. non-gaap measures do not have standardized definitions and are not defined by gaap. therefore, csx's non-gaap measures are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. the presentation of these non-gaap measures should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or as superior to the financial information presented in accordance with gaap. reconciliations of non-gaap measures to corresponding gaap measures are below.
2017 adjusted operating results management believes that adjusted operating income, adjusted operating ratio, adjusted net earnings and adjusted net earnings per share, assuming dilution are important in evaluating the company's operating performance and for planning and forecasting future business operations and future profitability. these non-gaap measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding operating results because they exclude certain significant items that are not considered indicative of future financial trends.
tax reform benefit (net)                                                                           (142       )            1.2                       (3,577      )                                (3.91               )
csx corporation part ii free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow management believes that free cash flow is useful to investors as it is important in evaluating the company's financial performance. more specifically, free cash flow measures cash generated by the business after reinvestment. this measure represents cash available for both equity and bond investors to be used for dividends, share repurchases or principal reduction on outstanding debt. free cash flow is calculated by using net cash from operations and adjusting for property additions and certain other investing activities, which includes proceeds from property dispositions. adjusted free cash flow excludes the impact of cash payments for restructuring charge. free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow should be considered in addition to, rather than a substitute for, cash provided by operating activities. adjusted free cash flow before dividends increased $279 million year-over-year to $3.5 billion primarily due to an increase in cash provided by operating activities and a decrease in property additions.
the following table reconciles cash provided by operating activities (gaap measure) to free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow (both non-gaap measures).
net cash provided by operating activities                             $4,850              $4,641              $3,472
property additions                                                    (1,657   )          (1,745   )          (2,040   )
other investing activities                                               285       292                 134
(a) the restructuring charge impact to free cash flow was tax effected using the applicable tax rate of the charge. during 2018 and 2017, the company made cash payments of $15 million and $187 million, respectively, related to the restructuring charge. also in 2017, the company made $30 million in payments to a former ceo and a former president for previously accrued non-qualified pension benefits that are not included in the restructuring charge.
operations performance train velocity (miles per hour)(a)     20.5          18.0                       14                %
(a) the methodology for calculating train velocity and dwell differ from that prescribed by the stb as the company believes these numbers more accurately reflect railroad performance. csxt will continue to report train velocity and dwell, using the prescribed methodology, to the stb on a weekly basis. see additional discussion on the company's website.
(b) during 2019, the calculation of on-time arrivals has changed to consider a train "on time" if it is delivered within two hours of scheduled arrival. prior year periods have been restated to conform to this change.
key performance measures definitions train velocity - average train speed between origin and destination in miles per hour (does not include locals, yard jobs, work trains or passenger trains). train velocity measures the profiled schedule of trains (from departure to arrival and all interim time), and train profiles are periodically updated to align with a changing operation.
on-time arrivals - percent of scheduled road trains that arrive at the destination yard on-time to within two hours of scheduled arrival.
the company strives for continuous improvement in safety and service performance through training, innovation and investment. investment in training and technology also is designed to allow the company's employees to have an additional layer of protection that can detect and avoid many types of human factor incidents. safety programs are designed to prevent incidents that can adversely impact employees, customers and communities. continued capital investment in the company's assets, including track, bridges, signals, equipment and detection technology also supports safety performance.
operating performance continued to improve in 2019, as train velocity and car dwell achieved all-time record levels for the second consecutive year. the operational plan remains focused on delivering further service gains, improving transit times and driving asset utilization while controlling costs.
from a safety perspective, fra personal injury index and train-accident rate improved 15% and 41% from the prior year, respectively. in 2019, the number of fra reportable injuries and the number of train accidents were both all-time record lows. the company is committed to continuous safety improvement and remains focused on reducing risk and enhancing the overall safety of its employees, customers and the communities in which the company operates.
csx corporation part ii liquidity and capital resources liquidity is a company's ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet both current and future needs for obligations as they mature and to provide for planned capital expenditures, including those to address regulatory and legislative requirements. to have a complete picture of a company's liquidity, its sources and uses of cash, balance sheet and external factors should be reviewed.
significant cash flows the following charts highlight the components of the change in cash and cash equivalents for operating, investing and financing activities for full years 2019, 2018 and 2017.
in 2019, the company generated $4.9 billion of cash provided by operating activities, which was $209 million higher than prior year primarily driven by favorable working capital activities and higher cash-generating income. in 2018, the company generated $4.6 billion of cash provided by operating activities, which was $1.2 billion higher than the prior year primarily driven by higher cash-generating income which included the impact of a lower income tax rate, partially offset by lower working capital and other activities.
in 2019, net cash used in investing activities was $2.1 billion, an increase in net spend of $418 million from the prior year primarily driven by an increase in net purchases of short-term investments. in 2018, net cash used in investing activities was $1.7 billion, an increase of $189 million from the prior year primarily driven by an increase in net short-term investment purchases, partially offset by lower property additions and higher proceeds from property dispositions.
in 2019, net cash used in financing activities was $2.6 billion, which represents an increase in net spend of $148 million from the prior year primarily due to lower proceeds from debt issuances and higher debt repayments, partially offset by lower share repurchases. in 2018, net cash used in financing activities was $2.5 billion, which represents an increase of $321 million from the prior year primarily driven by higher share repurchases, partially offset by higher net debt issued.
csx corporation part ii sources of cash and liquidity the company has multiple sources of liquidity, including cash generated from operations and financing sources. the company filed a shelf registration statement with the sec in february 2019 which is unlimited as to amount and may be used to issue debt or equity securities at csx's discretion, subject to market conditions and csx board authorization. while csx seeks to give itself flexibility with respect to cash requirements, there can be no assurance that market conditions would permit csx to sell such securities on acceptable terms at any given time, or at all. in 2019, csx issued a total of $2.0 billion of new long-term debt.
csx has access to a $1.2 billion five-year unsecured revolving credit facility backed by a diverse syndicate of banks that expires in march 2024. as of december 31, 2019, the company had no outstanding balances under this facility. see note 10, debt and credit agreements for more information. the company also has a commercial paper program, backed by the revolving credit facility, under which the company may issue unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion outstanding at any one time. at december 31, 2019, the company had no outstanding debt under the commercial paper program.
uses of cash csx uses current cash balances for general corporate purposes, which may include working capital requirements, repayment of additional indebtedness outstanding from time to time, repurchases of csx's common stock, capital investments, improvements in productivity and other cost reduction initiatives.
in 2019, csx continued to invest in its business to create long-term value for shareholders. the company is committed to maintaining and improving its existing infrastructure and to positioning itself for long-term, profitable growth through optimizing network and terminal capacity. funds used for property additions are further described below.
fiscal years capital expenditures (dollars in millions)            2019              2018              2017
capacity and commercial facilities                 141               246               417
total capital expenditures                      $1,657             1,745             2,040
planned capital investments for 2020 are expected to be between $1.6 billion and $1.7 billion. of the 2020 investment, the majority will be used to sustain the core infrastructure. the remaining amounts will be allocated to projects supporting service enhancements, productivity initiatives and profitable growth. csx intends to fund capital investments through cash generated from operations.
the company expects to continue incurring capital costs in connection with the implementation of ptc. csx estimates that the total multi-year cost of ptc implementation will be approximately $2.4 billion. this estimate includes costs for installing the new system along tracks, upgrading locomotives, adding communication equipment and developing new technologies. total ptc spending through 2019 was $2.3 billion.
csx corporation part ii csx is continually evaluating market and regulatory conditions that could affect the company's ability to generate sufficient returns on capital investments. csx may revise its future estimates for capital spending as a result of changes in business conditions, tax legislation or the enactment of new laws or regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's operations and financial performance in the future (see risk factors under item 1a of this form 10-k).
material changes in the consolidated balance sheets and working capital csx's balance sheet reflects its strong capital base and the impact of csx's balanced approach in deploying capital for the benefit of its shareholders, which includes investments in infrastructure, dividend payments and share repurchases. further, csx is well positioned from a liquidity standpoint. the company ended the year with $2.0 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments.
total assets as well as total liabilities and shareholders' equity increased $1.5 billion from prior year. the increase in assets was primarily due to the net increase in short-term investments of $743 million, the right-of-use lease asset of $532 million resulting from the adoption of the new lease accounting standard, and property additions net of retirements of $295 million. the increase in total liabilities and shareholders' equity combined was driven by net earnings of $3.3 billion, the issuance of $2.0 billion in long-term debt and the total lease liability of $550 million resulting from the adoption of the new lease accounting standard. these increases were partially offset by share repurchases of $3.4 billion and dividends paid of $763 million.
working capital is considered a measure of a company's ability to meet its short-term needs. csx had a working capital surplus of $1.1 billion at december 2019 and $650 million at december 2018. the increase in current assets was primarily driven by cash proceeds from the $2.0 billion issuance of long-term debt, partially offset by dividend payments of $763 million and the early redemption of long-term debt originally due october 2020 of $500 million. the increase in current assets was offset by an increase in current liabilities primarily due to the reclassification of $245 million from long-term debt to current maturities of long-term debt.
the company's working capital balance varies due to factors such as the timing of scheduled debt payments and changes in cash and cash equivalent balances as discussed above. although the company currently has a surplus, a working capital deficit is not unusual for csx or other companies in the industry and does not indicate a lack of liquidity. the company continues to maintain adequate current assets to satisfy current liabilities and maturing obligations when they come due. furthermore, csx has sufficient financial capacity, including its revolving credit facility, commercial paper program and shelf registration statement to manage its day-to-day cash requirements and any anticipated obligations. the company from time to time accesses the credit markets for additional liquidity.
credit ratings credit ratings reflect an independent agency's judgment on the likelihood that a borrower will repay a debt obligation at maturity. the ratings reflect many considerations, such as the nature of the borrower's industry and its competitive position, the size of the company, its liquidity and access to capital and the sensitivity of a company's cash flows to changes in the economy. the two largest rating agencies, standard & poor's ratings services ("s&p") and moody's investors service ("moody's"), use alphanumeric codes to designate their ratings. the highest quality rating for long-term credit obligations is aaa and aaa for s&p and moody's, respectively. a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
csx corporation part ii the cost and availability of unsecured financing are materially affected by csx's long-term credit ratings. csx's credit ratings remained stable during 2019. as of december 2019 and december 2018, s&p's long-term rating on csx was bbb+ (stable), and moody's was baa1 (stable). ratings of bbb- and baa3 or better by s&p and moody's, respectively, reflect ratings on debt obligations that fall within a band of credit quality considered to be investment grade. if csx's credit ratings were to decline to below investment grade levels, the company could experience significant increases in its interest cost for new debt. in addition, a decline in csx's credit ratings to below investment grade levels could adversely affect the market's demand, and thus the company's ability to readily issue new debt.
csx is committed to returning cash to shareholders and maintaining an investment grade credit profile. capital structure, capital investments and cash distributions, including dividends and share repurchases, are reviewed at least annually by the board of directors.
schedule of contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following tables set forth maturities of the company's contractual obligations and other significant commitments:
(dollars in millions) (unaudited)
other post-employment benefits (see note 9) (a)          37              29              26              25              25             108               250
agreements with conrail (b)                              29              29              29              29              22               -               138
other commitments (c)                                   $78              $2              $2              $-              $-              $-               $82
(a) other post-employment benefits include estimated other post-retirement medical and life insurance payments and payments under non-qualified pension plans which are unfunded. no amounts are included for funded pension obligations as no contributions are currently required.
(b) agreements with conrail represent minimum future payments of $138 million under the shared asset area agreements (see note 15, related party transactions).
(c) other commitments of $82 million consisted of surety bonds, letters of credit, uncertain tax positions and public private partnerships. surety bonds of $36 million and letters of credit of $27 million arise from assurances issued by a third-party that csx will fulfill certain obligations and are typically a contract, state, federal or court requirement. uncertain tax positions of $13 million, which include interest and penalties, are all included in year 2020 as the year of settlement cannot be reasonably estimated. contractual commitments related to public-private partnerships are $6 million.
csx corporation part ii off-balance sheet arrangements for detailed information about the company's guarantees, operating leases and purchase obligations, see note 8, commitments and contingencies. there are no off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
labor agreements approximately 17,000 of the company's nearly 21,000 employees are members of a labor union. in november 2019, notices were served to the 13 rail unions that participate in national bargaining to begin negotiations for benefits, wages and work rules for the next labor bargaining round for 2020. current agreements remain in place until modified by these negotiations. typically, such negotiations take several years before agreements are reached.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states requires that management make estimates in reporting the amounts of certain assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and certain revenues and expenses during the reporting period. actual results may differ from those estimates. these estimates and assumptions are discussed with the audit committee of the board of directors on a regular basis. significant estimates using management judgment are made for the following areas:
personal injury, environmental and legal reserves personal injury personal injury reserves of $129 million and $143 million for 2019 and 2018, respectively, represent liabilities for employee work-related and third-party injuries. csxt retains an independent actuary to assist management in assessing the value of personal injury claims. the methodology used by the actuary includes a development factor to reflect growth or reduction in the value of these personal injury claims. it is based largely on csxt's historical claims and settlement experience. actual results may vary from estimates due to the number, type and severity of the injury, costs of medical treatments and uncertainties in litigation. for additional details, including a description of our related accounting policies, see note 5, casualty, environmental and other reserves in the consolidated financial statements.
csx corporation part ii critical accounting estimates, continued environmental environmental reserves were $74 million and $80 million in 2019 and 2018, respectively. the company is a party to various proceedings related to environmental issues, including administrative and judicial proceedings involving private parties and regulatory agencies. the company has been identified as a potentially responsible party at approximately 220 environmentally impaired sites. the company reviews its potential liability with respect to each site identified, giving consideration to a number of factors such as:
•   nature of the company's alleged connection to the location (e.g., generator of waste sent to the site or owner or operator of the site);
•   number, connection and financial viability of other named and unnamed potentially responsible parties at the location.
conditions that are currently unknown could, at any given location, result in additional exposure, the amount and materiality of which cannot presently be reasonably estimated. for additional details, including a description of our related accounting policies, see note 5, casualty, environmental and other reserves in the consolidated financial statements.
legal the company is involved in litigation incidental to its business and is a party to a number of legal actions and claims, various governmental proceedings and private civil lawsuits. the company evaluates all exposures relating to legal liabilities at least quarterly and adjusts reserves when appropriate. the amount of a particular reserve may be influenced by factors that include official rulings, newly discovered or developed evidence, or changes in laws, regulations and evidentiary standards. an unexpected adverse resolution of one or more of these items could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity in that particular period. for additional details, including a description of our related accounting policies, see note 5, casualty, environmental and other reserves in the consolidated financial statements. additionally, see item 3. legal proceedings for further discussion of these items.
pension and post-retirement medical plan accounting the company sponsors defined benefit pension plans principally for salaried, management personnel. for employees hired prior to 2003, the plans provide eligible employees with retirement benefits based predominantly on years of service and compensation rates near retirement. for employees hired in 2003 or thereafter, benefits are determined based on a cash balance formula, which provides benefits by utilizing interest and pay credits based upon age, service and compensation. beginning in 2020, the csx pension plan is closed to new participants. as of december 2019, the projected benefit obligation for the company's pension plans was $3.1 billion.
in addition to these plans, the company sponsors a post-retirement medical plan and a non-contributory life insurance plan that provide certain benefits to full-time, salaried, management employees, hired prior to 2003, upon their retirement if certain eligibility requirements are met. beginning in 2019, both the life insurance benefit for eligible active employees and health savings account contributions made by the company to eligible retirees younger than 65 were eliminated. beginning in 2020, the employer-funded health reimbursement arrangements for eligible retirees 65 years or older were eliminated. as a result of these plan amendments, the company recognized a decrease in 2018 of $102 million in the post-retirement benefit liability. as of december 2019, the projected benefit obligation for the company's other post-retirement benefit plans was $117 million.
csx corporation part ii critical accounting estimates, continued for information related to the funded status of the company's pension and other post-retirement benefit plans, see note 9, employee benefit plans.
the accounting for these plans is subject to the guidance provided in the compensation-retirement benefits topic in the asc. this rule requires that management make certain assumptions relating to the following:
the company engages independent actuaries to compute the amounts of liabilities and expenses relating to these plans subject to the assumptions that the company determines are appropriate based on historical trends, current market rates and future projections. these amounts are reviewed by management.
discount rates discount rates affect the amount of liability recorded and the service and interest cost components of pension and post-retirement expense.  discount rates reflect the rates at which pension and other post-retirement benefits could be effectively settled, or in other words, how much it would cost the company to buy enough high quality bonds to generate cash flow equal to the company's expected future benefit payments. the company determines the discount rate based on the market yield as of year-end for high quality corporate bonds whose maturities match the plans' expected benefit payments.
the company measures the service and interest cost components of the net pension and post-retirement benefits expense by using individual spot rates matched with separate cash flows for each future year. under the spot rate approach, individual spot discount rates along the same high quality corporate bonds yield curve used to measure the pension and post-retirement benefit liabilities are applied to the relevant projected cash flows at the relevant maturity.
the weighted average discount rates used by the company to value its 2019 pension and post-retirement obligations are 3.13 percent and 2.87 percent, respectively. for 2018, the weighted average discount rates used by the company to value its pension and post-retirement obligations were 4.24 percent and 3.98 percent, respectively. discount rates may differ for pension and post-retirement benefits due to varying duration of the liabilities for projected payments for each plan. as of december 2019, the estimated duration of pensions and post-retirement benefits is approximately 12 years and 7 years, respectively.
each year, these discount rates are reevaluated and adjusted using the current market interest rates for high quality corporate bonds to reflect the best estimate of the current effective settlement rates. in general, if interest rates decline or rise, the assumed discount rates will change.
csx corporation part ii critical accounting estimates, continued long-term rate of return on plan assets the expected long-term average rate of return on plan assets reflects the average rate of earnings expected on the funds invested, or to be invested, to provide for benefits included in the projected benefit obligation. in estimating that rate, the company gives appropriate consideration to the returns being earned by the plan assets in the funds and the rates of return expected to be available for reinvestment as well as the current and projected asset mix of the funds. management balances market expectations obtained from various investment managers and economists with both market and actual plan historical returns to develop a reasonable estimate of the expected long-term rate of return on assets. as this assumption is long-term, the annual review may result in less frequent adjustment than other assumptions used in pension accounting. the long-term rate of return on plan assets used by the company to value its benefit cost for the subsequent plan year was 6.75 percent in both 2019 and 2018.
salary scale inflation rates salary scale inflation rates are based on current trends and historical data accumulated by the company.  the company reviews recent wage increases and management incentive compensation payments over the past five years in its assessment of salary scale inflation rates. the company used a salary scale rate of 4.60 percent in both 2019 and 2018 to value its pension obligations.
other assumptions the calculations made by the actuaries also include assumptions relating to health care cost trend rates, mortality rates, turnover and retirement age. these assumptions are based upon historical data, recent plan experience and industry trends and are determined by management.
2020 estimated pension and post-retirement expense net periodic pension and post-retirement benefits expenses for 2020 are expected to be a $5 million expense and a $2 million credit, respectively. net periodic pension and post-retirement benefits expenses for 2020 are expected to include service cost expense of $40 million and $1 million, respectively. service cost expense is included in labor and fringe on the consolidated income statement and all other components of net pension expense and post-retirement benefits expense are included in other income - net. net periodic pension expense and post-retirement benefits expense in 2019 were credits of $7 million and $4 million, respectively. the net increase in the expected expense is primarily due to impacts from the decline in discount rates, partially offset by favorable pension asset experience.
the following sensitivity analysis illustrates the effects of a one percent change in certain assumptions like discount rates, long-term rate of return and salaries on the 2020 estimated pension and post-retirement expense:
csx corporation part ii critical accounting estimates, continued depreciation policies for assets utilizing the group-life method the depreciable assets of the company are depreciated using either the group-life or straight-line method of accounting, which are both acceptable depreciation methods in accordance with gaap. the company depreciates its railroad assets, including main-line track, locomotives and freight cars, using the group-life method of accounting. assets depreciated under the group-life method comprise 87% of total fixed assets of $45 billion on a gross basis at december 31, 2019. the remaining depreciable assets of the company, including non-railroad assets and assets under finance leases, are depreciated using the straight-line method on a per asset basis. land is not depreciated.
management performs a review of depreciation expense and useful lives on a regular basis. under the group-life method, the service lives and salvage values for each group of assets are determined by completing periodic depreciation studies and applying management's methods to determine the service lives of its properties. there are several factors taken into account during the depreciation study and they include:
•   previous assessment of the condition of the assets;
•   comparison of assets to the same asset groups with other companies.
in 2019, the company completed a depreciation study for its equipment assets which resulted in changes to accumulated depreciation, service lives, salvage values, and other related factors for certain assets. the effect of this change in estimate was not material to depreciation expense in 2019. the continued impacts of the study are expected to result in additional depreciation expense of approximately $30 million in 2020. there were no depreciation studies in 2018 or 2017. a one percent change in the average estimated useful life of all group-life assets would result in an approximate $12 million change to the company's annual depreciation expense. for additional details, including a more detailed description of our related accounting policies, see note 6, properties in the consolidated financial statements.
csx corporation part ii forward-looking statements certain statements in this report and in other materials filed with the securities and exchange commission, as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made by the company, are forward-looking statements. the company intends for all such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 and the provisions of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. these forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act may contain, among others, statements regarding:
•   projections and estimates of earnings, revenues, margins, volumes, rates, cost-savings, expenses, taxes or other financial items;
•   expectations as to results of operations and operational initiatives;
•   expectations as to the effect of claims, lawsuits, environmental costs, commitments, contingent liabilities, labor negotiations or agreements on the company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity;
•   management's plans, strategies and objectives for future operations, capital expenditures, workforce levels, dividends, share repurchases, safety and service performance, proposed new services and other matters that are not historical facts, and management's expectations as to future performance and operations and the time by which objectives will be achieved; and
•   future economic, industry or market conditions or performance and their effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as "will," "should," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "project," "estimate," "preliminary" and similar expressions. the company cautions against placing undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect its good faith beliefs with respect to future events and are based on information currently available to it as of the date the forward-looking statement is made.  forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the timing when, or by which, such performance or results will be achieved.
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual performance or results could differ materially from those anticipated by any forward-looking statements. the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. if the company does update any forward-looking statement, no inference should be drawn that the company will make additional updates with respect to that statement or any other forward-looking statements.
csx corporation part ii the following important factors, in addition to those discussed in part ii, item 1a. risk factors and elsewhere in this report, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by any forward-looking statements:
•   legislative, regulatory or legal developments involving transportation, including rail or intermodal transportation, the environment, hazardous materials, taxation, international trade and initiatives to further regulate the rail industry;
•   the outcome of litigation, claims and other contingent liabilities, including, but not limited to, those related to fuel surcharge, environmental matters, taxes, shipper and rate claims subject to adjudication, personal injuries and occupational illnesses;
•   changes in domestic or international economic, political or business conditions, including those affecting the transportation industry (such as the impact of industry competition, conditions, performance and consolidation, as well as the impact of international trade agreements and tariffs) and the level of demand for products carried by csxt;
•   natural events such as severe weather conditions, including floods, fire, hurricanes and earthquakes, a pandemic crisis affecting the health of the company's employees, its shippers or the consumers of goods, or other unforeseen disruptions of the company's operations, systems, property, equipment or supply chain;
•   competition from other modes of freight transportation, such as trucking, and competition and consolidation or financial distress within the transportation industry generally;
•   the cost of compliance with laws and regulations that differ from expectations (including those associated with ptc implementation) as well as costs, penalties and operational and liquidity impacts associated with noncompliance with applicable laws or regulations;
•   the impact of increased passenger activities in capacity-constrained areas, including potential effects of high speed rail initiatives, or regulatory changes affecting when csxt can transport freight or service routes;
•   unanticipated conditions in the financial markets that may affect timely access to capital markets and the cost of capital, as well as management's decisions regarding share repurchases;
•   changes in fuel prices, surcharges for fuel and the availability of fuel;
•   the impact of natural gas prices on coal-fired electricity generation;
•   availability of insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates or insufficient insurance coverage to cover claims or damages;
•   the inherent business risks associated with safety and security, including the transportation of hazardous materials or a cybersecurity attack which would threaten the availability and vulnerability of information technology;
•   adverse economic or operational effects from actual or threatened war or terrorist activities and any governmental response;
•   loss of key personnel or the inability to hire and retain qualified employees;
•   labor and benefit costs and labor difficulties, including stoppages affecting either the company's operations or customers' ability to deliver goods to the company for shipment;
•   the company's success in implementing its strategic, financial and operational initiatives;
•   the impact of conditions in the real estate market on the company's ability to sell assets;
•   changes in operating conditions and costs or commodity concentrations; and
•   the inherent uncertainty associated with projecting economic and business conditions.
other important assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are specified elsewhere in this report and in csx's other sec reports, which are accessible on the sec's website at www.sec.gov and the company's website at www.csx.com. the information on the csx website is not part of this annual report on form 10-k.