item 1a. risk factors the risk factors discussed in this section should be considered together with information included elsewhere in this form 10-k and should not be considered the only risks to which we are exposed. in general, we are subject to the same general risks and uncertainties that impact many other industrial companies such as general economic, industry and/or market conditions and growth rates; the impact of natural disasters and their effect on global markets; and changes in laws or accounting rules. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may impair our business, including our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.
•our results may be impacted by current domestic and international economic conditions and uncertainties.
our businesses may be adversely affected by disruptions in the financial markets or declines in economic activity both domestically and internationally in those countries in which we operate. these circumstances will also impact our suppliers and customers in various ways which could have an impact on our business operations, particularly if global credit markets are not operating efficiently and effectively to support industrial commerce.
negative changes in worldwide economic and capital market conditions are beyond our control, are highly unpredictable and can have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and cost of capital.
•we are subject to risks relating to our existing international operations and expansion into new geographical markets.
approximately 47% and 48% of our revenues for 2019 and 2018, respectively, were derived outside the united states. we continue to focus on global markets as part of our overall growth strategy and expect sales from outside the united states to continue to represent a significant portion of our revenues. our international operations and our global expansion strategy are subject to general risks related to such operations, including:
o        political, social and economic instability and disruptions;
o        government export controls, economic sanctions, embargoes or trade restrictions;
o        the imposition of duties and tariffs and other trade barriers;
o        limitations on ownership and dividend of earnings;
o        labor unrest and current and changing regulatory environments;
o        increased compliance costs, including costs associated with disclosure requirements and related due diligence;
o        the impact of loss of a single-source manufacturing facility;
o        limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies; and o        access to or control of networks and confidential information due to local government controls and vulnerability of local networks to cyber risks.
if we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with expanding our global business or adequately manage operational risks of our existing international operations, the risks could have a material adverse effect on our growth in geographic markets, our reputation, our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
•our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations on cross-border transactions and the translation of local currency results into u.s. dollars could negatively impact our results of operations.
we conduct business through our subsidiaries in many different countries, and fluctuations in currency exchange rates could have a significant impact on our reported consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, which are presented in u.s. dollars. cross-border transactions, both with external parties and intercompany relationships, result in increased exposure to foreign exchange effects. accordingly, significant changes in currency exchange rates, particularly the euro, chinese renminbi (yuan), swedish krona, pound sterling, indian rupee, singapore dollar, danish krone, and canadian dollar, could cause fluctuations in the reported results of our businesses' operations that could negatively affect our results of operations. additionally, the strengthening of certain currencies such as the euro and u.s. dollar potentially exposes us to competitive threats from lower cost producers in other countries. our sales are translated into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes. the strengthening of the u.s. dollar could result in unfavorable translation effects as the results of foreign locations are translated into u.s. dollars.
•increasing product/service and price competition by international and domestic competitors, including new entrants, and our inability to introduce new and competitive products could cause our businesses to generate lower revenue, operating profits and cash flows.
our competitive environment is complex because of the wide diversity of the products that our businesses manufacture and the markets they serve. in general, most of our businesses compete with only a few companies. our ability to compete effectively depends on how successfully we anticipate and respond to various competitive factors, including new products, digital solutions and support services that may be introduced by competitors, changes in customer preferences, evolving regulations, new business models and technologies and pricing pressures. if our businesses are unable to anticipate their competitors' developments or identify customer needs and preferences on a timely basis, or successfully introduce new products, digital solutions and support services in response to such competitive factors, they could lose customers to competitors. if our businesses do not compete effectively, we may experience lower revenue, operating profits and cash flows.
•our operating results depend in part on the timely development and commercialization, and customer acceptance, of new and enhanced products, digital solutions and support services based on technological innovation.
the success of new and improved products, digital solutions and support services depends on their initial and continued acceptance by our customers. certain of our businesses sell in markets that are characterized by rapid technological changes, frequent new product introductions, changing industry standards and corresponding shifts in customer demand, which may result in unpredictable product transitions, shortened life cycles and increased importance of being first to market. failure to correctly identify and predict customer needs and preferences, to deliver high quality, innovative and competitive products to the market, to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or to acquire rights to third-party technologies and to stimulate customer demand for, and convince customers to adopt new products, digital solutions and support services could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. in addition, we may experience difficulties or delays in the research, development, production or marketing of new products, digital solutions and support services which may prevent us from recouping or realizing a return on the investments required to continue to bring new products and services to market.
•tariffs have resulted in increased prices and could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
over the last several years, tariffs under section 232 of the trade expansion act of 1962 have been imposed on certain steel and aluminum products imported into the u.s. which have increased the prices of these inputs. increased prices for imported steel and aluminum products have led domestic sellers to respond with market-based increases to prices for such inputs as well. tariffs under section 301 of the trade expansion act were also imposed on goods imported from china in connection with china's intellectual property practices which may increase the cost to our customers of our products manufactured in china as well as the cost of chinese sourced parts and components for our products manufactured in the u.s. china also has imposed tariffs on some u.s. goods that we manufacture and sell into china.
an additional round of tariffs may be imposed on goods imported from china if ongoing trade negotiations between the u.s. and china are not successful. the existing tariffs, along with any additional tariffs or trade restrictions that may be implemented by the u.s. or other countries, could result in further increased prices and a decreased available supply of steel and aluminum as well as additional costs on imported components and inputs. we may not be able to pass price increases on to our customers and may not be able to secure adequate alternative sources on a timely basis. while retaliatory tariffs imposed by other countries on u.s. goods have not yet had a significant impact, we cannot predict further developments. the tariffs could adversely affect the operating profits for certain of our businesses and customer demand for certain of our products which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
•our businesses are subject to regulation and their profitability and reputation could be adversely affected by domestic and foreign governmental and public policy changes, risks associated with emerging markets, changes in statutory tax rates and unanticipated outcomes with respect to tax audits.
our businesses' domestic and international sales and operations must comply with a wide variety of laws, regulations and policies (including environmental, employment and health and safety regulations, data security laws, data privacy laws, export/import laws, tax policies such as export subsidy programs and research and experimentation credits, carbon emission regulations and energy efficiency and design regulations and other similar programs). these laws, regulations and policies are complex, change frequently, have tended to become more stringent over time and may be inconsistent across jurisdictions. failure to comply (or any alleged or perceived failure to comply) with any of the foregoing could result in civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties as well as potential damage to our reputation and disruption to our business. we cannot provide assurance that our costs of complying with new and evolving regulatory reporting requirements and current or future laws will not exceed our estimates. in addition, the brexit withdrawal agreement and subsequent negotiations as to go-forward terms and conditions between the united kingdom and the european union may continue to cause political and economic uncertainty, including significant volatility in global stock markets and currency exchange rate fluctuations. although it is unknown what the full terms of the united kingdom's future relationship with the european union will be following the transition period in 2020, it is possible that there will be greater restrictions on imports and exports between the united kingdom and other countries and increased regulatory complexities. any of these factors could adversely affect customer demand, our relationships with customers and suppliers, and our business and financial position.
certain of our businesses have sales or operations in countries, including brazil, russia, india and china, and may in the future invest in other countries, any of which may carry high levels of currency, political, compliance, or economic risk. while these risks or the impact of these risks are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect our businesses and reputation.
our effective tax rate is impacted by changes in the mix among earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation allowance of deferred tax assets and changes in tax laws. the amount of income taxes and other taxes paid can be adversely impacted by changes in statutory tax rates and laws and are subject to ongoing audits by domestic and international authorities. if these audits result in assessments different from amounts estimated, then our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows may be adversely affected by unfavorable tax adjustments.
•we could lose customers or generate lower revenue, operating profits and cash flows if there are significant increases in the cost of our raw materials or components or if suppliers are not able to meet our quality and delivery requirements.
we purchase raw materials, sub-assemblies and components for use in our manufacturing operations, which exposes us to pricing and supply risks. significant price increases for certain commodities, other raw materials or components could adversely affect operating profits of our businesses. while we generally attempt to mitigate the impact of increased raw material prices by hedging or passing along the increased costs to customers, there may be a time delay between the increased raw material prices and the ability to increase the prices of products, or we may be unable to increase the prices of products due to a competitor's pricing pressure or other factors.
we use a wide range of raw materials and components in our manufacturing operations that come from numerous suppliers around the world. while we believe that sources of supply for raw materials and components are generally adequate, it is difficult to predict what effects shortages may have in the future. in addition, some of the raw materials and components may be available only from limited or single source suppliers. if a single source or limited source supplier were to cease or interrupt production for any reason or otherwise fail to supply those raw materials or components to us on favorable purchase terms, including at favorable prices, in sufficient quantities and with adequate lead times needed for efficient manufacturing, our ability to meet customer commitments, and satisfy market demands for affected products could be negatively affected. consequently, a significant price increase in raw materials or a shortage in or the unavailability of raw materials or components may result in a loss of customers and adversely impact our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
•our growth and results of operations may be adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in our capital allocation and acquisition program.
we expect to continue our strategy of seeking to acquire value creating add-on businesses that broaden our existing position and global reach as well as, in the right circumstances, strategically pursue larger acquisitions that could have the potential to either complement our existing businesses or allow us to pursue a new platform. however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to find suitable businesses to purchase, that we will be able to acquire such businesses on acceptable terms, or that all closing conditions will be satisfied with respect to any pending acquisition. in addition, we face the risk that a completed acquisition may underperform relative to expectations. we may not achieve the synergies originally anticipated, may become exposed to unexpected liabilities or may not be able to sufficiently integrate completed acquisitions into our current business and growth model. further, if we fail to allocate our capital appropriately, in respect of either our acquisition program or organic growth in our operations, we could be overexposed in certain markets and geographies and unable to expand into adjacent products or markets. these factors could potentially have an adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
•our operating profits and cash flows could be adversely affected if we cannot achieve projected savings and synergies.
we are continually evaluating our cost structure and seeking ways to capture synergies across our operations. for example, we recorded rightsizing costs in 2018, comprised of restructuring expense of $58.5 million and other costs of $14.3 million, and rightsizing costs in 2019, comprised of restructuring expense of $26.8 million and other costs of $5.3 million, primarily related to actions taken on employee reductions, facility consolidations and site closures, product line exits and other associated asset charges. these rightsizing activities and our regular ongoing cost reduction activities (including in connection with the integration of acquired businesses) may reduce our available talent, assets and other resources and could slow improvements in our products and services, adversely affect our ability to respond to customers and limit our ability to increase production quickly if demand for our products increases. in addition, delays in implementing planned restructuring activities or other productivity improvements, and unexpected costs or failure to meet targeted improvements may diminish the operational or financial benefits we expect to realize through our various programs. any of the circumstances described above could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
•our operations, businesses and products are subject to cybersecurity risks.
we depend on our own and third party it systems, including cloud-based systems and managed service providers, to store, process and protect our information and support our business activities. we also use our third party it systems to support employee data processing for our global work force and to support customer business activities, such as transmitting payment information, providing mobile monitoring services, and capturing operational data. additionally, some of our products contain computer hardware and software and offer the ability to connect to computer networks. if these technologies, systems, products or services are damaged, cease to function properly, are compromised due to employee error, user error, malfeasance, system errors, or other vulnerabilities, or are subject to cybersecurity attacks, such as those involving denial of service attacks, unauthorized access, malicious software, or other intrusions, including by criminals, nation states or insiders, our business may be adversely impacted. the impacts could include production downtimes, operational delays, and other impacts on our operations and ability to provide products and services to our customers; compromise of confidential, proprietary or otherwise protected information, including personal information and customer confidential data; destruction, corruption, or theft of data; manipulation, disruption, or improper use of these technologies, systems, products or services; financial losses from fraudulent transactions, remedial actions, loss of business or potential liability; adverse media coverage; and legal claims or legal proceedings, including regulatory investigations and actions; and damage to our reputation. there has been a rise in the number of cyberattacks targeting confidential business information generally and in the manufacturing industry specifically, as well as an increase in cyberattacks targeting managed service providers, by both state-sponsored and criminal organizations. moreover, there has been a rise in the number of cyberattacks that depend on human error or manipulation, including phishing attacks or schemes that use social engineering to gain access to systems or perpetuate wire transfer or other frauds.
these trends increase the likelihood of such events occurring as well as the costs associated with protecting against such attacks. it is possible for vulnerabilities in our it systems to remain undetected for an extended period of time up to and including several years. while we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including employee training, systems monitoring and other technical security controls, a breach response plan, maintenance of backup and protective systems, and security personnel, our systems, networks, products and services remain potentially vulnerable to known or unknown cybersecurity attacks and other threats, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. we, and the service providers that we depend on to support our systems and business operations, are regularly the target of attempted cyberattacks, including phishing and denial-of-service attacks, and must continuously monitor and develop our systems to protect our technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation or corruption. in addition, a cybersecurity attack could persist for an extended period of time before being detected, and, following detection, it could take considerable time for us to obtain full and reliable information about the extent, amount and type of information compromised. during the course of an investigation, we may not know the full impact of the event and how to remediate it, and actions, decisions and mistakes that are taken or made may further increase the negative effects of the event on our business, results of operations and reputation. while we maintain insurance coverage that is intended to address certain aspects of cybersecurity risks, such insurance coverage may not cover all losses or all types of claims that arise. as cyber threats continue to evolve, cybersecurity and data protection laws and regulations continue to develop in the u.s. and globally, and our business continues to move towards increased online connectivity within our information systems and through more internet-enabled products and offerings, we expect to expend additional resources to continue to build out our compliance programs, strengthen our information security, data protection and business continuity measures, and investigate and remediate vulnerabilities.
•unforeseen developments in contingencies such as litigation and product recalls could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we and certain of our subsidiaries are, and from time to time may become, parties to a number of legal proceedings incidental to our businesses, including alleged injuries arising out of the use of products or exposure to hazardous substances, or claims related to patent infringement, employment matters and commercial disputes. the defense of these lawsuits may require significant expenses and divert management's attention, and we may be required to pay damages that could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. in addition, any insurance or indemnification rights that we may have may be insufficient or unavailable to protect us against potential loss exposures.
we may be exposed to product recalls and adverse public relations if our products are alleged to have defects, to cause property damage, to cause injury or illness, or if we are alleged to have violated governmental regulations. a product recall could result in substantial and unexpected expenditures, which would reduce operating profit and cash flow. in addition, a product recall may require significant management attention. product recalls may hurt the value of our brands and lead to decreased demand for our products. product recalls also may lead to increased scrutiny by federal, state or international regulatory agencies of our operations and increased litigation and could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
•if the apergy spin-off, together with certain related transactions, does not qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for u.s. federal income tax purposes, we and our shareholders could be subject to significant tax liabilities.
in connection with the spin-off of apergy, we received a private letter ruling from the internal revenue service (the "irs ruling") together with an opinion of mcdermott will & emery llp, our tax counsel, substantially to the effect that, among other things, certain transactions to effect the spin-off will qualify as a tax-free reorganization for u.s. federal income tax purposes under section 368(a)(1)(d) of the internal revenue code (the "code"), and the distribution will qualify as a tax-free distribution to our shareholders under section 355 of the code. the irs ruling and the opinion of tax counsel relied on certain facts and assumptions, and certain representations and undertakings from us and apergy, including those regarding the past and future conduct of certain of our businesses and other matters. if any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not satisfied, we and our shareholders may not be able to rely on the irs ruling or the opinion, and could be subject to significant tax liabilities. notwithstanding the irs ruling and the opinion, the irs could determine on audit that the distribution is taxable if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the opinion. in addition, we and apergy intend for certain related transactions to qualify for tax-free treatment under u.s. federal, state and local tax law and/or foreign tax law.
if the distribution is determined to be taxable for u.s. federal income tax purposes, we and our shareholders that are subject to u.s. federal income tax could incur significant u.s. federal income tax liabilities. for example, if the distribution fails to qualify for tax-free treatment, we would, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, be treated as if we had sold the apergy common stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value, and our shareholders who are subject to u.s. federal income tax would be treated as receiving a taxable distribution in an amount equal to the fair market value of the apergy common stock received in the distribution. in addition, if certain related transactions fail to qualify for tax-free treatment under u.s. federal, state and local tax law and/or foreign tax law, we could incur significant tax liabilities under u.s. federal, state, local and/or foreign tax law, respectively.
•the indemnification provisions of acquisition and disposition agreements by which we have acquired or sold or disposed of companies may not fully protect us and may result in unexpected liabilities.
certain of the acquisition agreements by which we have acquired companies require the former owners to indemnify us against certain liabilities related to the operation of those companies before we acquired them. in most of these agreements, however, the liability of the former owners is limited and certain former owners may be unable to meet their indemnification responsibilities. similarly, the purchasers of our disposed operations may from time to time agree to indemnify us for operations of such businesses after the closing. we cannot be assured that any of these indemnification provisions will fully protect us, and as a result we may face unexpected liabilities that adversely affect our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. in addition, we have retained certain liabilities directly or through indemnifications made to the buyers of businesses we have sold or disposed against known and unknown contingent liabilities such as tax liabilities and environmental matters.
in connection with the spin-off, apergy agreed to indemnify us for any losses relating to the conduct of the apergy business. there can be no assurance that the indemnity agreements will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of any liabilities that may arise, or that the indemnitors will be able to fully satisfy their indemnification obligations. the failure to receive amounts for which we are entitled to indemnification could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
•our reputation, ability to do business and results of operations may be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, agents, or business partners.
while we strive to maintain high standards, we cannot provide assurance that our internal controls and compliance systems will always protect us from acts committed by our employees, agents, or business partners that would violate united states and/or non-united states laws or fail to protect our confidential information, including the laws governing payments to government officials, bribery, fraud, anti-kickback and false claims, competition, export and import compliance, money laundering and data privacy, as well as the improper use of proprietary information or social media. any such violations of law or improper actions could subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the united states and in other jurisdictions, could lead to substantial civil or criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and related shareholder lawsuits, could lead to increased costs of compliance and could damage our reputation, our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
•our revenue, operating profits and cash flows could be adversely affected if our businesses are unable to protect or obtain patent and other intellectual property rights.
our businesses own patents, trademarks, licenses and other forms of intellectual property related to their products and continuously invest in research and development that may result in innovations and general intellectual property rights. our businesses employ various measures to develop, maintain and protect their intellectual property rights. these measures may not be effective in capturing intellectual property rights, and they may not prevent their intellectual property from being challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, particularly in countries where intellectual property rights are not highly developed or protected. unauthorized use of our businesses' intellectual property rights could adversely impact the competitive position of our businesses and could have a negative impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
•if we experience work stoppages, union and works council campaigns and other labor disputes, our productivity and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
we have a number of collective bargaining units in the united states and various foreign collective labor arrangements. we are subject to potential work stoppages, union and works council campaigns and other labor disputes, any of which could adversely impact our productivity, reputation, consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition for the three years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017. the md&a should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes included in item 8 of this form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed elsewhere in this form 10-k, particularly in item 1a. "risk factors" and in the "special note regarding forward-looking statements" preceding part i of this form 10-k.
throughout this md&a, we refer to measures used by management to evaluate performance, including a number of financial measures that are not defined under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). please see "non-gaap disclosures" at the end of this item 7 for further detail on these financial measures. we believe these measures provide investors with important information that is useful in understanding our business results and trends. reconciliations within this md&a provide more details on the use and derivation of these measures.
overview dover corporation is a diversified global manufacturer and solutions provider delivering innovative equipment and components, consumable supplies, aftermarket parts, software and digital solutions and support services. effective october 1, 2019, dover transitioned from a three-segment to a five-segment structure as a result of a change to its management structure and operating model. dover's five segments are structured around businesses with similar business models, go-to-market strategies and manufacturing practices. this new structure increases management efficiency and better aligns dover's operations with its strategic initiatives and capital allocation priorities, and provides greater transparency about our performance to external stakeholders. dover's five operating and reportable segments are as follows: engineered products, fueling solutions, imaging & identification, pumps & process solutions, and refrigeration & food equipment.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, consolidated revenue from continuing operations was $7.1 billion, an increase of $0.1 billion or 2.1%, as compared to the prior year. this increase included organic revenue growth of 3.8% and acquisition-related growth of 0.8%, partially offset by an unfavorable impact of 2.0% from foreign currency translation and a 0.5% impact from dispositions. overall, customer pricing had a favorable impact of 1.0% on revenue for the year.
within our engineered products segment, revenue increased $64.4 million, or 3.9%, from the prior year, reflecting organic growth of 5.4%, offset by an unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 1.5%. organic revenue growth was driven by strong activity in the refuse truck and digital solutions product lines within our waste handling business, as well as solid revenue growth in our vehicle service business.
our fueling solutions segment revenue increased $154.6 million, or 10.5% from prior year, reflecting organic growth of 10.5%, acquisition-related growth of 3.4%, partially offset by an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 3.0%, and a 0.4% impact from a disposition. organic growth was principally driven by continued strong demand in the global retail fueling industry, particularly in the united states, europe and asia.
our imaging & identification segment revenue decreased $25.4 million or 2.3%, from the prior year, reflecting organic growth of 1.2%, more than offset by an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 3.5%. the organic revenue growth was driven by increased equipment shipments and expanded service revenue in our marking and coding business, along with increased service revenue and increased printer and ink volumes in our digital printing business. the significant foreign currency impact was due to our broad international customer base, in particular in asia and europe.
our pumps & process solutions segment revenue increased $6.6 million or 0.5%, from the prior year, reflecting organic growth of 3.9%, acquisition related growth of 0.5%, partially offset by unfavorable impacts from disposition of 2.0% and foreign currency of 1.9%. organic growth was broad-based across the segment and was driven by industrial, biopharma and thermal management markets, along with continued strong demand from our oem customers for rotating equipment components, as well as pump and other equipment for plastics and polymer production.
our refrigeration & food equipment segment revenue decreased $56.5 million, or 3.9%, from the prior year, caused by an organic revenue decline of 2.7% and an unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 1.2%. the organic decline was driven primarily by reduced new food retail store construction activity with key u.s. retail refrigeration customers, reduced demand for heat exchanger products in asia, and softer demand from national restaurant chain customers in our foodservice equipment business.
gross profit was $2.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of $61.4 million, or 2.4%, as compared to the prior year. the increase was primarily due to growth in sales volumes benefited by favorable pricing, product mix and strong volume gains, as well as the benefits from prior restructuring actions, partially offset by increased material costs due, in part, to u.s. section 232 and 301 tariff exposure. gross profit margin was 36.7% for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 36.6% for the prior year. for further discussion related to our consolidated and segment results, see "consolidated results of operations" and "segment results of operations," respectively, within md&a.
bookings decreased 0.4% over the prior year to $7.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. included in this result was a 1.3% increase in organic bookings, a 0.8% increase in acquisition-related bookings offset by a 2.1% unfavorable impact due to foreign exchange rates, and a 0.3% decline due to dispositions. organic bookings increased 6.9% within our fueling solutions, 3.3% within our pumps & process solutions and 2.3% within our imaging & identification segments, while bookings in our engineered products and refrigeration & food equipment segments decreased 4.0% and 0.7% respectively. overall, our book-to-bill increased from the prior year to 1.02. backlog as of december 31, 2019 was $1.5 billion, up from $1.4 billion from the prior year. backlog as of december 31, 2019 included $0.5 billion, $0.2 billion, $0.1 billion, $0.4 billion and $0.3 billion in the engineered products, fueling solutions, imaging & identification, pumps & process solutions and refrigeration & food equipment segments, respectively.
from a geographic perspective, revenue for the u.s., our largest market, grew by 3.6% organically over the prior year, which was led by growth in our engineered products and fueling solutions segments. asia and europe also grew organically by 2.4 % and 6.5%, respectively, over the prior year.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we executed several rightsizing programs to further optimize operations. rightsizing charges included restructuring costs of $26.8 million and other costs of $5.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. restructuring expense was comprised primarily of broad-based selling, general and administrative expense reduction initiatives and broad-based operational efficiency initiatives focusing on footprint consolidation, operational optimization and it centralization. these restructuring charges were broad-based across all segments as well as corporate, with costs incurred of $3.2 million in engineered products, $4.9 million in fueling solutions, $6.4 million in imaging & identification, $5.7 million in pumps & process solutions, $3.7 million in refrigeration & food equipment and $3.0 million at corporate. other costs were comprised primarily of other charges related to the restructuring actions. we incurred other costs of $0.4 million in pumps & process solutions, $2.4 million in refrigeration & food equipment and $2.6 million at corporate. we expect to incur total rightsizing charges, comprised of $8 million of restructuring charges and $1 million of other costs, in 2020 for these initiatives.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we made a total of three acquisitions totaling $216.4 million, net of cash acquired including contingent consideration. we acquired the assets of belanger, inc. ("belanger"), a leading full-line car wash equipment manufacturer for $175 million, net of cash acquired. the acquisition of belanger strengthens our position in the vehicle wash business within the fueling solutions segment. additionally, we acquired the assets of all-flow pump company, limited business ("all-flo"), a growing manufacturer of specialty pumps for $40 million. the all-flo acquisition strengthens our position in the growing market for air-operated double-diaphragm pumps within the pumps & process solutions segment. we also completed one immaterial acquisition. see note 4 - acquisitions in the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k for further details regarding the businesses acquired during the year.
subsequently, on january 24, 2020, we acquired sys-tech solutions, inc. ("systech"). systech is a leading provider of software and solutions for product traceability, regulatory compliance and brand protections and will strengthen the portfolio of solutions offered by our imaging & identification segment to customers in pharmaceutical and consumer products industries. also on january 24, 2020, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire so. cal. soft-pak, incorporated ("soft-pak") software solutions. soft-pak is a leading specialized provider of integrated back office, route management and customer relationship management software solutions to the waste and recycling fleet industry and will further strengthen the digital offerings of our environmental solutions group in the engineered products segment. the transaction is subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2020. the combined purchase price for both acquisitions is approximately $210 million, subject to customary post-closing adjustments.
on march 29, 2019 we entered into a definitive agreement to sell finder for total consideration of approximately $23.6 million net of estimated selling costs. finder met the criteria to be classified as held for sale as of march 31, 2019 and based on the total consideration from the sale, net of selling costs, a loss on the assets held for sale of $46.9 million was recorded. the loss was comprised of an impairment on assets held for sale of $21.6 million and foreign currency translation losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive losses to current earnings of $25.3 million. finder was subsequently sold on april 2, 2019, which generated total cash proceeds of $24.2 million.
on november 4, 2019, we issued €500 million of 0.750% euro-denominated notes due 2027 and $300 million of 2.950% notes due 2029. the proceeds from the sale of euro-denominated notes of €494.7 million, net of discounts and issuance costs, were used in part to redeem the €300 million 2.125% notes due 2020. the proceeds from the sale of notes of $296.9 million, net of discounts and issuance costs, and the remaining funds from the sale of the euro-denominated notes, were used to fund the redemption of the $450 million 4.30% notes due 2021. the remainder of the proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes. the early extinguishment of debt required us to pay a make whole premium to the bondholders resulting in a loss of $23.5 million.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we purchased 1.3 million shares of our common stock for a total cost of $143.3 million, or $106.64 per share. as of december 31, 2019, 8.4 million shares remain authorized for repurchase under our current share repurchase authorization. we also continued our 64 year history of increasing our annual dividend payments to shareholders and paid a total of $282.2 million in dividends to our shareholders.
consolidated results of operations years ended december 31,                                                                       % / point change
gross profit                                                                               2,620,938                       2,559,556                       2,529,047                           2.4      %                    1.2      %
gross profit margin                                                                             36.7   %                        36.6   %                        37.1   %                      0.10                        (0.50)
loss on assets held for sale                                                                  46,946                               -                               -                           nm*                           nm*
gain on sale of businesses                                                                         -                               -                       (203,135)                           nm*                           nm*
earnings before provision for income taxes and discontinued operations                       843,009                         725,378                         875,815                          16.2      %                 (17.2)      %
provision for income taxes                                                                   165,091                         134,233                         129,152                          23.0      %                    3.9      %
* nm: not meaningful revenue for the year ended december 31, 2019, revenue increased $144.3 million, or 2.1% to $7.1 billion compared with 2018, reflecting organic growth of 3.8% led by our fueling solutions and engineered products segments, partially offset by our refrigeration & food equipment segment. revenue also increased due to acquisition-related growth of 0.8% from our pumps & process solutions and fueling solutions segments, partially offset by an unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 2.0%, particularly in our fueling solutions and imaging & identification segments and a 0.5% impact from dispositions within our pumps & process solutions and fueling solutions segments. customer pricing favorably impacted revenue by approximately 1.0% in 2019.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, revenue increased $171.2 million, or 2.5% to $7.0 billion compared with 2017, reflecting organic growth of 3.7%, led by our fueling solutions and engineered products segments, partially offset by our refrigeration & food equipment segment, acquisition-related growth of 0.5% from our pumps & process solutions and refrigeration & food equipment segments and a favorable impact from foreign currency translation of 0.8%. revenue growth was partially offset by a 2.5% impact from dispositions within our engineered products segment. customer pricing favorably impacted revenue by approximately 1.0% in 2018.
gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2019, gross profit increased $61.4 million, or 2.4%, to $2.6 billion compared with 2018, primarily due to organic volume growth, pricing actions, and productivity initiatives including the benefits of rightsizing actions and cost reduction initiatives, as well as reduced rightsizing costs, partially offset by increased material costs, due, in part, to u.s. section 232 and 301 tariff exposure. gross profit margin increased 10 basis points as compared to the prior year.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, gross profit increased $30.5 million, or 1.2% to $2.6 billion compared with 2017, primarily due to growth in sales volumes and benefits of prior restructuring actions partially offset by the loss of gross profits due to divestitures. gross profit margin decreased 50 basis points as compared to prior year due to unfavorable product mix and rising material costs in our refrigeration & food equipment segment and the impact of inefficiencies due to facility consolidations principally in our fueling solutions segment.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2019, decreased $117.3 million, or 6.8% to $1.6 billion compared with 2018, primarily due to benefits from rightsizing actions started in 2018 and a decrease in restructuring costs of $23.7 million from $41.6 million in 2018 to $17.9 million in 2019. as a percentage of revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 210 basis points in 2019 to 22.4%, reflecting the leverage of costs on a higher revenue base and the decrease in expenses.
selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2018, decreased $5.7 million, or 0.3% to $1.7 billion compared with 2017 primarily due to benefits from prior restructuring actions and decreases from dispositions within our engineered products segment, offset by an increase in restructuring costs of $6.0 million from $35.6 million in 2017 to $41.6 million in 2018. as a percentage of revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 70 basis points in 2018 to 24.5%, reflecting the leverage of costs on a higher revenue base and the decrease in expenses.
research and development costs, including qualifying engineering costs, are expensed when incurred and amounted to $141.0 million, $143.0 million and $130.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. these costs as a percent of revenue were 2.0%, 2.0% and 1.9% for the years december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
loss on assets held for sale on march 29, 2019, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell finder for total consideration of approximately $23.6 million net of estimated selling costs. as of march 31, 2019, finder met the criteria to be classified as held for sale and based on the total consideration from the sale, net of selling costs, we recorded a loss on the assets held for sale of $46.9 million. the loss was comprised of an impairment on assets held for sale of $21.6 million and foreign currency translation losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive losses to current earnings of $25.3 million. we subsequently sold finder on april 2, 2019, which generated total cash proceeds of $24.2 million.
non-operating items interest expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2019, interest expense, net of interest income, decreased $0.8 million, or 0.7%, to $121.3 million compared with 2018 primarily due to the $350 million 5.45% 10-year notes that were paid in march 2018 that resulted in lower outstanding long-term debt and lower interest expense compared to 2018, partially offset by lower interest income.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, interest expense, net of interest income, decreased $14.4 million, or 10.5%, to $122.1 million compared with 2017 due to the $350 million that was paid in march 2018 that resulted in lower outstanding long-term debt and lower interest expense compared to 2017.
loss on extinguishment of debt on december 4, 2019, the company extinguished the €300,000 2.125% notes due 2020 and the $450,000 4.30% notes due 2021. the company was required to pay a make whole premium to the bondholders for the early extinguishment of debt, resulting in a loss of $23.5 million.
other income, net for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, other income, net was $13.0 million, $4.4 million and $2.3 million, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2019, other income increased compared to 2018 primarily due to increased earnings from our equity method investments and reduction of non-operating losses from our defined benefit and post-retirement benefit plans. for the year ended december 31, 2018, other income increased compared to 2017 primarily due to lower foreign exchange losses resulting from the re-measurement and settlement of foreign currency denominated balances.
gain on sale of businesses there were no dispositions in the year 2019 aside from the sale of finder as described above, and no significant dispositions in 2018 aside from the spin-off of apergy, whose results are presented as discontinued operations.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, gain on sale of businesses was $203.1 million. the gain was primarily due to the sales of pmi and the consumer and industrial winch business of warn, both within the engineered products segment, in which we recognized gains on sale of $88.4 million and $116.9 million, respectively. other immaterial dispositions completed during the year were recorded as a net loss of $2.2 million. the disposals in 2017 did not represent strategic shifts in operations and, therefore, did not qualify for presentation as discontinued operations.
income taxes our businesses have a global presence with 46.8%, 52.5% and 37.8% of our pre-tax earnings in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, generated in foreign jurisdictions. foreign earnings are generally subject to local country tax rates that differ from the 21.0% u.s. statutory tax rate. as a result of our non-u.s. business locations, our effective foreign tax rate is typically lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate.
our effective tax rate was 19.6% for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to 18.5% for the year ended december 31, 2018. the 2019 and 2018 rates were impacted by $26.6 million and $24.0 million, respectively, of favorable net discrete items primarily driven by the tax benefit of share award exercises.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. bill commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act ("tax reform act") was enacted which reduced the u.s. corporate income tax rate from a maximum of 35% to a flat 21% rate, effective january 1, 2018. as a result of the reduction in the u.s. corporate income tax rate, we revalued our ending net deferred tax liabilities as of december 31, 2017 and recognized a provisional tax benefit of $172.0 million. the tax reform act also imposed a tax for a one-time deemed repatriation of post-1986 unremitted foreign earnings and profits through the year ended december 31, 2017. for the year ended december 31, 2017, we recorded provisional tax expense related to the deemed repatriation of $111.6 million payable over eight years.
on december 22, 2017, the sec staff issued sab 118 to address the application of u.s. gaap in situations when a registrant did not have the necessary information available, prepared, or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain income tax effects of the tax reform act. in accordance with the sab 118 guidance, we recognized the provisional tax impacts related to deemed repatriated earnings and the benefit for the revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities in our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2017. in accordance with sab 118, we finalized the financial reporting impact of the tax reform act in the fourth quarter of 2018. for the year ended december 31, 2018, we recorded a $4.2 million net tax benefit, which resulted in a 0.6% decrease in the effective tax rate, as an adjustment to provisional estimates as a result of additional regulatory guidance and changes in interpretations and assumptions the company has made as a result of the tax reform act.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, our effective tax rate on continuing operations was 14.7%. the effective tax rate was impacted by favorable net discrete items totaling $51.7 million, principally related to the impact recorded for the u.s. tax reform act.
we believe it is reasonably possible during the next twelve months that uncertain tax positions may be settled, which could result in a decrease in the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits. this decrease may result in an income tax benefit. due to the potential for resolution of federal, state, and foreign examinations and the expiration of various statutes of limitation, our gross unrecognized tax benefits balance may change within the next twelve months by a range of zero to $15.3 million. we believe adequate provision has been made for all income tax uncertainties.
earnings from continuing operations for the year ended december 31, 2019, earnings from continuing operations increased $86.8 million, or 14.7%, to $677.9 million, or $4.61 per share, compared with earnings from continuing operations of $591.1 million, or $3.89 per share, for the year ended december 31, 2018. earnings increased due to organic volume growth, pricing actions, and productivity initiatives including the benefits of restructuring actions and cost reduction initiatives. additionally, after-tax rightsizing costs were lower by $32.9 million in 2019 compared to 2018. these benefits more than offset increases in material costs due, in part, to u.s. section 232 and 301 tariff exposure, as well as a loss due to the after-tax extinguishment of debt of $18.4 million and a loss on assets held for sale of $46.9 million. diluted earnings per share also improved due to the benefit of the prior and current year share repurchases.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, earnings from continuing operations decreased $155.5 million, or 20.8%, to $591.1 million, or $3.89 per share, compared with earnings from continuing operations of $746.7 million, or $4.73 per share, for the year ended december 31, 2017. earnings decreased primarily because we did not record any gains from dispositions in 2018 compared to 2017 when we recorded net after-tax gains from dispositions of $172.6 million. in 2018, we recorded a net tax benefit primarily from the tax reform act of $4.2 million, whereas in 2017, we recorded a net tax benefit of $54.9 million. additionally, after-tax rightsizing costs were higher by $23.7 million in 2018 compared to 2017. excluding these items, earnings from continuing operations increased in 2018 as a result of higher earnings due to increased sales volumes. diluted earnings per share also improved due to the benefit of the share repurchase programs announced in november 2017.
discontinued operations there were no discontinued operations for the year ended december 31, 2019.
the results of discontinued operations for december 31, 2018 and 2017 include the historical results of apergy prior to its distribution on may 9, 2018. the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 included costs incurred by the company to complete the spin-off of apergy amounting to $46.4 million and $15.3 million, respectively, reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses in discontinued operations. due to lump-sum payments made in 2018 for apergy participants in the dover u.s. pension plan, non-cash settlement costs of approximately $9.2 million were classified within discontinued operations.
refer to note 5 - discontinued and disposed operations in the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k for additional information on disposed and discontinued operations.
rightsizing activities, which includes restructuring and other costs during the year ended december 31, 2019, rightsizing activities included restructuring charges of $26.8 million and other costs of $5.3 million. restructuring expense was comprised primarily of broad-based selling, general and administrative expense reduction initiatives and broad-based operational efficiency initiatives focusing on footprint consolidation, operational optimization and it centralization designed to increase operating margin, enhance operations and position the company for sustained growth and investment. other costs were comprised primarily of other charges related to the restructuring actions. these rightsizing charges were recorded in cost of goods and services and selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of earnings. we expect to incur total rightsizing charges, comprised of $8 million in restructuring charges and $1 million in other costs, in 2020 for these initiatives. additional programs, beyond the scope of the announced programs may be implemented during 2020 with related restructuring charges. we recorded the following rightsizing costs for the year ended december 31, 2019:
(dollars in thousands)             engineered products                fueling solutions                 imaging &amp; identification                pumps &amp; process solutions                 refrigeration &amp; food equipment                  corporate                    total restructuring (gaap)                   $3,155                            $4,943                                   $6,426                                       $5,666                                           $3,671                             $2,961                    $26,822
other costs, net                          (5)                              (58)                                     (76)               462                                                                       2,371                              2,637                      5,331
during the year ended december 31, 2018, rightsizing activities included restructuring charges of $58.5 million and other costs of $14.3 million. restructuring expense was comprised primarily of several programs in order to further optimize operations, including 1) alignment of our cost structure in preparation for the apergy separation, 2) broad-based selling, general and administrative expense reduction initiatives and 3) initiation of footprint consolidation actions. other costs were comprised primarily of other charges related to the restructuring actions. these rightsizing charges were recorded in cost of goods and services, selling, general and administrative expenses and other income, net in the consolidated statement of earnings. we recorded the following rightsizing costs for the year ended december 31, 2018:
(dollars in thousands)             engineered products                fueling solutions                 imaging &amp; identification                pumps &amp; process solutions                 refrigeration &amp; food equipment                  corporate                    total restructuring (gaap)                   $7,158                           $15,478                                  $13,882                                      $10,266                                           $3,475                             $8,244                    $58,503
other costs, net                          128                             (146)                                  (1,237)                                        3,109                                            6,474                              5,997                     14,325
during the year ended december 31, 2017, restructuring charges were $52.3 million. we commenced broad-based rightsizing actions in the fourth quarter of 2017 in connection with our planned spin-off of apergy. a portion of our restructuring charges in 2017 were not classified as rightsizing. rightsizing charges included restructuring charges of $38.9 million and other costs of $10.5 million. restructuring initiatives in 2017 included headcount reductions, facility consolidations and product line exits. other costs were comprised primarily of other charges related to the restructuring actions.
see note 11 - restructuring activities in the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k for additional details regarding our recent restructuring activities.
segment results of operations the summary that follows provides a discussion of the results of operations of each of our five operating and reportable segments (engineered products, fueling solutions, imaging & identification, pumps & process solutions, and refrigeration & food equipment). each of these segments is comprised of various product and service offerings that serve multiple markets. see note 19 - segment information in the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k for a reconciliation of segment revenue, earnings and margin to our consolidated revenue, earnings from continuing operations and margin. segment ebitda and segment ebitda margin, which are presented in the segment discussion that follows, are non-gaap measures and do not purport to be alternatives to segment earnings (ebit) as a measure of operating performance. we believe that these measures are useful to investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating ongoing operating profitability as they exclude the depreciation and amortization expense related primarily to capital expenditures and acquisitions that occurred in prior years, as well as in evaluating operating performance in relation to our competitors. for further information, see "non-gaap disclosures" at the end of this item 7.
additionally, we believe the following operational metrics are useful to investors and others users of our financial information in assessing the performance of our segments:
•bookings represent total orders received from customers in the current reporting period. this metric is an important measure of performance and an indicator of revenue order trends.
•backlog represents an estimate of the total remaining bookings at a point in time for which performance obligations have not yet been satisfied. this metric is useful as it represents the aggregate amount we expect to recognize as revenue in the future.
•book-to-bill is a ratio of the amount of bookings received from customers during a period divided by the amount of revenue recorded during that same period. this metric is a useful indicator of demand.
engineered products our engineered products segment is a provider of a wide range of products, software and services that have broad customer applications across a number of markets, including aftermarket vehicle service, solid waste handling, industrial automation, aerospace and defense, industrial winch and hoist, and fluid dispensing.
years ended december 31,                                                               % change
segment earnings (ebit) (1)                       $291,848                        $252,368                        $437,078                       15.6      %                 (42.3)      %
segment ebitda (1)                                $332,880                        $297,363                        $485,349                       11.9      %                 (38.7)      %
segment ebitda margin (1)                             19.6   %                        18.2   %                        29.8   %
dispositions                                                                                                                                        -      %                  (7.5)      %
foreign currency translation                                                                                                                    (1.5)      %                    1.3      %
(1) segment earnings (ebit) and segment ebitda for 2017 includes a gain of $205.3 million from the sales of pmi and warn.
engineered products segment revenue for the year ended december 31, 2019 increased $64.4 million, or 3.9% compared to the prior year, comprised of broad-based organic growth of 5.4%, partially offset by a 1.5% unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation. organic revenue growth was driven by strong activity in the refuse truck and digital solutions product lines within our waste handling business, as well as solid revenue growth in our vehicle service business. customer pricing favorably impacted revenue by approximately 1.9% in 2019.
engineered products segment earnings for the year ended december 31, 2019 increased $39.5 million, or 15.6%, compared to the prior year. this increase was primarily driven by solid conversion on organic volume growth, pricing actions, and productivity initiatives, including the benefits of rightsizing actions and cost reduction initiatives, as well as a reduction in rightsizing costs. these benefits more than offset increases in material costs driven by u.s. section 232 tariffs, most notably commodity cost increases impacting steel, and section 301 tariffs, along with unfavorable foreign currency translation. segment margin increased from 15.5% to 17.2% as compared to the prior year.
bookings for the year ended december 31, 2019 decreased 5.3% compared to the prior year, reflecting an organic decline of 4.0% and an unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 1.3%. the decrease was primarily due to the timing of orders in our waste handling and vehicle services businesses. segment book-to-bill was 1.01.
engineered products segment revenue for the year ended december 31, 2018 increased $6.3 million, or 0.4%, compared to the prior year, comprised of broad-based organic growth of 6.6% with particular strength in our waste handling, industrial winch, and aerospace and defense businesses and a favorable impact from foreign currency translation of 1.3%. this increase was partially offset by a 7.5% decrease from the dispositions of pmi in the first quarter of 2017 and the consumer and industrial winch business of warn in the fourth quarter of 2017. customer pricing favorably impacted revenue by approximately 1.9% in 2018.
engineered products segment earnings for the year ended december 31, 2018 decreased $184.7 million, or 42.3%, compared to the prior year. the decline in earnings was impacted by gains of $205.3 million recognized in 2017 from the sales of pmi and warn, the lost earnings from those divested businesses of $25.6 million, and incremental rightsizing costs in 2018. this was partially offset by disposition costs in 2017 of $5.2 million, solid conversion on organic volume growth, favorable pricing, and productivity initiatives, including the benefits of prior year and current year restructuring initiatives. partially offsetting this favorable operational performance were increases in material costs, primarily driven by u.s. section 232 tariffs, most notably commodity cost increases impacting steel, and section 301 tariffs. segment margin decreased from 26.9% to 15.5% as compared to the prior year primarily due to the gain from the sales of pmi and warn, lost earnings and disposition costs from 2017 divested businesses and incremental rightsizing costs.
fueling solutions our fueling solutions segment is focused on providing components, equipment and software and service solutions enabling safe transport of fuels and other hazardous fluids along the supply chain, as well as the safe and efficient operation of retail fueling and vehicle wash establishments.
years ended december 31,                                                               % change
segment earnings (ebit)                           $231,873                        $152,255                        $159,180                       52.3      %                  (4.4)      %
segment ebitda                                    $306,918                        $220,718                        $227,015                       39.1      %                  (2.8)      %
segment ebitda margin                                 18.9   %                        15.1   %                        17.0   %
acquisitions                                                                                                                                      3.4      %                      -      %
dispositions                                                                                                                                    (0.4)      %                      -      %
foreign currency translation                                                                                                                    (3.0)      %                  (0.4)      %
fueling solutions segment revenue for the year ended december 31, 2019 increased $154.6 million, or 10.5%, compared to the prior year, attributable to organic growth of 10.5% and acquisition-related growth of 3.4%, partially offset by an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact of 3.0% and a 0.4% decrease from a disposition. the organic growth was principally driven by continued strong demand in the global retail fueling industry, particularly in the united states, europe and asia. growth was also driven by the acquisition of belanger. customer pricing favorably impacted revenue by approximately 1.0% in 2019.
fueling solutions segment earnings for the year ended december 31, 2019 increased $79.6 million, or 52.3%, compared to the prior year. the increase was driven by volume leverage, pricing initiatives, productivity actions, acquisitions, and benefits of selling, general and administrative cost reductions realized, as well as decreased rightsizing costs. this growth was partially offset by increased material costs due, in part, to u.s. section 232 and 301 tariff exposure. segment margin increased 390 basis points compared to the prior year.
bookings for the year ended december 31, 2019 increased 6.7% compared to the prior year, reflecting organic growth of 6.9% and acquisition-related growth of 3.2%, partially offset by a unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 3.1%, and a disposition related decline of 0.3%. book to bill was 1.00.
fueling solutions segment revenue for the year ended december 31, 2018 increased $127.5 million, or 9.5%, compared to the prior year, attributable to organic growth of 9.9% and an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact of 0.4%. the organic growth was principally driven by continued strength in retail fueling, especially in the asia pacific region. transport revenue improved over the prior year and the rail business experienced strong growth, in part, due to softer volumes experienced in last year's second half and the continued rebound of aftermarket volumes. customer pricing favorably impacted revenue by approximately 0.5% in 2018.
fueling solutions segment earnings for the year ended december 31, 2018 decreased $6.9 million, or 4.4%, compared to the prior year, primarily driven by increased material costs due, in part, to u.s. section 232 and 301 tariff exposure, the negative productivity impacts of footprint consolidation and supply chain disruptions and increased rightsizing costs. segment margin decreased 150 basis points primarily due to cost impacts driven by footprint consolidations and temporary supply chain disruptions impacting production.
imaging & identification our imaging & identification segment supplies precision marking and coding, product traceability and digital textile printing equipment, as well as related consumables, software and services.
years ended december 31,                                                               % change
segment earnings (ebit)                           $229,484                        $198,902                        $167,404                       15.4      %                   18.8      %
segment ebitda                                    $260,014                        $229,784                        $204,580                       13.2      %                   12.3      %
segment ebitda margin                                 24.0   %                        20.7   %                        19.6   %
acquisitions                                                                                                                                        -      %                    0.3      %
foreign currency translation                                                                                                                    (3.5)      %                    1.7      %
imaging & identification segment revenue for the year ended december 31, 2019 decreased $25.4 million, or 2.3% compared to the prior year, comprised of organic growth of 1.2%, more than offset by an unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 3.5%. the organic revenue growth was driven by increased equipment shipments and expanded service revenue in our marking and coding business, along with increased service revenue and increased printer and ink volumes in our digital printing business. the significant foreign currency impact was due to our broad international customer base, in particular in asia and europe. customer pricing favorably impacted revenue by approximately 1.0% in 2019.
imaging & identification segment earnings for the year ended december 31, 2019 increased $30.6 million, or 15.4%, compared to the prior year. this increase was primarily driven by productivity initiatives, including the benefits of restructuring actions, favorable pricing, and conversion on revenue growth, as well as reduced rightsizing costs. as a result, segment margin increased from 17.9% to 21.2% as compared to the prior year.
segment bookings for the year ended december 31, 2019 decreased 1.2% compared to the prior year, reflecting organic growth of 2.3%, more than offset by a unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 3.5%. segment book-to-bill was 1.01.
imaging & identification segment revenue for the year ended december 31, 2018 increased $68.7 million, or 6.6%, compared to the prior year, comprised of organic growth of 4.6%, led by strong activity in our digital printing businesses, complemented by growth in our marking and coding businesses, acquisition-related growth of 0.3% and a favorable impact from foreign currency translation of 1.7%. customer pricing favorably impacted revenue by approximately 0.5% in 2018.
imaging & identification segment earnings for the year ended december 31, 2018 increased $31.5 million, or 18.8%, compared to the prior year. this increase was primarily driven by solid conversion on organic volume growth, favorable pricing and productivity initiatives, including the benefits of restructuring actions, as well as the net benefit of an earn-out reversal recorded in the second quarter of 2018. partially offsetting the favorable operational performance were incremental rightsizing costs in 2018 as well as increases in material costs, primarily driven by u.s. section 301 tariffs. segment margin increased from 16.1% to 17.9% as compared to the prior year.
pumps & process solutions our pumps & process solutions segment manufactures specialty pumps, fluid handling components, plastics and polymer processing equipment, and highly engineered components for rotating and reciprocating machines.
years ended december 31,                                                               % change
segment earnings (ebit) (1)                       $240,081                        $237,549                        $209,451                        1.1      %                   13.4      %
segment ebitda (1)                                $307,665                        $309,531                        $277,437                      (0.6)      %                   11.6      %
segment ebitda margin (1)                             23.0   %                        23.2   %                        22.8   %
acquisitions                                                                                                                                      0.5      %                    1.4      %
dispositions                                                                                                                                    (2.0)      %                  (0.4)      %
foreign currency translation                                                                                                                    (1.9)      %                    1.0      %
(1)  segment earnings (ebit) and segment ebitda for 2019 include a $46,946 loss on assets held for sale for finder.
pumps & process solutions segment revenue for the year ended december 31, 2019 increased $6.6 million, or 0.5%, compared to the prior year, attributable to organic growth of 3.9% and acquisition-related growth of 0.5%. this increase was partially offset by an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact of 1.9% and a 2.0% decrease from a disposition. the organic growth was principally driven by biopharma and thermal management markets, along with strong continued demand from our oem customers for rotating and reciprocating machinery components. customer pricing favorably impacted revenue by approximately 1.4% in 2019.
pumps & process solutions segment earnings for the year ended december 31, 2019 increased $2.5 million, or 1.1%, compared to the prior year. segment earnings includes a loss on assets held for sale for finder in the first quarter of 2019 of $46.9 million. segment earnings increased significantly excluding the loss on sale of finder driven by volume leverage, pricing initiatives, and productivity actions, as well as reduced rightsizing costs. these benefits were partially offset by increased material costs due, in part, to u.s. section 232 and 301 tariff exposure, inflation costs, and unfavorable product and regional mix. segment margin increased to 17.9% from 17.8% in the prior year, an increase of 10 basis points.
bookings for the year ended december 31, 2019 increased 0.5% compared to the prior year, reflecting organic growth of 3.3% and acquisition-related growth of 0.5%, offset by a unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 1.9% and disposition related decline of 1.4%. ending backlog was 12.0% higher than prior year, driven by growth in polymer processing, rotating and reciprocating machinery, and connection solutions businesses. book to bill was 1.04.
pumps & process solutions segment revenue for the year ended december 31, 2018 increased $114.7 million, or 9.4%, compared to the prior year, attributable to organic growth of 7.4%, acquisition-related growth of 1.4% and a favorable foreign currency translation impact of 1.0%. this increase was partially offset by a 0.4% decrease from dispositions. the organic growth was principally driven by industrial pump activity, strength in our middle east market, solid biopharma and medical markets, continued infrastructure spending by our oem customers, and polymer demand increase. additionally, the revenue increase was driven by the acquisition of ettlinger group ("ettlinger"). customer pricing favorably impacted revenue by approximately 1.0% in 2018.
pumps & process solutions segment earnings for the year ended december 31, 2018 increased $28.1 million, or 13.4%, compared to the prior year, primarily driven by increased volume and productivity gains. this growth was partially offset by increased material costs due, in part, to u.s. section 232 and 301 tariff exposure and increased rightsizing costs. segment margin increased 60 basis points for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the prior year.
refrigeration & food equipment our refrigeration & food equipment segment is a provider of innovative and energy-efficient equipment and systems that serve the commercial refrigeration, heating and cooling and food equipment markets.
years ended december 31,                                                               % change
segment earnings (ebit)                              $118,832                        $136,119                        $193,822                     (12.7)      %                 (29.8)      %
segment ebitda                                       $170,192                        $196,596                        $251,029                     (13.4)      %                 (21.7)      %
segment ebitda margin                                    12.2   %                        13.5   %                        15.7   %
acquisitions                                                                                                                                           -      %                    0.7      %
dispositions                                                                                                                                           -      %                  (2.6)      %
foreign currency translation                                                                                                                       (1.2)      %                    0.7      %
refrigeration & food equipment segment revenue for the year ended december 31, 2019 decreased $56.5 million, or 3.9%, compared to the prior year, reflecting an organic revenue decline of 2.7% and an unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 1.2%. the organic revenue decrease for the year ended december 31, 2019 was driven principally by reduced new food retail store construction activity with key u.s. retail refrigeration customers, reduced demand for heat exchanger products in asia, and softer demand from national restaurant chain customers in our foodservice equipment business. these reductions were partially offset by increased project activity for can-shaping equipment and strong growth in the core door case product line within food retail industry which primarily serves store remodel applications. customer pricing minimally impacted revenue in 2019.
refrigeration & food equipment segment earnings for the year ended december 31, 2019 decreased $17.3 million, or 12.7%, compared to the prior year. segment margin decreased to 8.5% from 9.4% in the prior year due to reduced volumes, unfavorable business mix in retail refrigeration, volume ramp costs for our door case product line, and costs incurred as a result of plant consolidations at our foodservice equipment business. these reductions were partially offset by improved productivity and benefits from prior year rightsizing actions, as well as reduced rightsizing costs.
bookings for the year ended december 31, 2019 decreased 1.9% compared to the prior year, primarily driven by reduced demand in our u.s. retail refrigeration and foodservice equipment businesses, partially offset by increased market demand for aluminum can-shaping equipment driven by beverage companies shifting from plastic to aluminum containers. bookings decreased 0.7% organically and decreased 1.2% due to foreign currency translation. ending backlog was 19.2% higher than prior year, driven by fourth quarter bookings growth in our retail refrigeration and can-shaping equipment businesses. book to bill for the full year was 1.04.
refrigeration & food equipment segment revenue for the year ended december 31, 2018 decreased $146.0 million, or 9.1%, compared to the prior year, reflecting an organic revenue decline of 7.9%, the impact from product line dispositions of 2.6%, partially offset by acquisition-related growth of 0.7% and a favorable impact from foreign currency translation of 0.7%. customer pricing favorably impacted revenue by approximately 0.8% in 2018. refrigeration & food equipment organic revenue declined principally due to weak capital spending and deferred remodel programs by key u.s. retail refrigeration customers, as well as a product re-design and sku rationalization program in our refrigeration door system product line. additionally, the foodservice equipment and can-shaping businesses also had year over year shortfalls due to project timing and market softness. these were partially offset by increased demand for heat exchanger products, most notably in europe, and by the addition of sales from our rosario acquisition.
refrigeration & food equipment segment earnings for the year ended december 31, 2018 decreased $57.7 million, or 29.8%, compared to the prior year. segment margin decreased to 9.4% from 12.1% in the prior year, as benefits from rightsizing actions, productivity gains and lower rightsizing costs were more than offset by volume reductions, unfavorable product mix in our can-shaping business, costs associated with product re-design and sku rationalization in our refrigeration door system product line and a favorable $1.7 million disposition gain in 2017 due to a working capital adjustment. segment margin was also impacted by rising material costs, most notably steel, inclusive of commodity pricing impacts attributable to u.s. section 232 tariffs.
financial condition we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. significant factors affecting liquidity are: cash flows generated from operating activities, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dispositions, dividends, repurchase of outstanding shares, adequacy of available commercial paper and bank lines of credit and the ability to attract long-term capital with satisfactory terms. we generate substantial cash from the operations of our businesses and remain in a strong financial position, with sufficient liquidity available for reinvestment in existing businesses and strategic acquisitions.
operating activities                                           $945,306                      $789,193                      $739,409
investing activities                                          (384,255)                     (245,480)                       208,335
financing activities                                          (558,042)                     (897,838)                     (592,933)
operating activities cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2019 increased $156.1 million compared to 2018. this increase was driven primarily by higher continuing earnings of $147.0 million, excluding a loss from discontinued operations, depreciation and amortization, a loss on assets held for sale and a loss on extinguishment of debt.
cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2018 increased $49.8 million compared to 2017. this increase was primarily driven by higher continuing earnings of $46.9 million, excluding non-cash activity from depreciation and amortization and gain on sale of businesses, and significantly lower tax payments in 2018 due to a lower tax rate as well as tax payments made in 2017 for dispositions. the increase was offset by higher investments in working capital relative to the prior year in support of organic bookings and timing of year end revenue.
pension and other post-retirement activity: total cash used in conjunction with pension plans during 2019 was $21.4 million, including contributions to our international pension plans and payments of benefits under our non-qualified supplemental pension plan.
the funded status of our u.s. qualified defined benefit pension plan is dependent upon many factors, including returns on invested assets, the level of market interest rates and the level of funding. we contribute cash to our plans at our discretion, subject to applicable regulations and minimum contribution requirements. due to the overfunded status of this plan, the company did not make contributions in 2019, 2018 or 2017 and does not expect to make contributions in the near term.
our international pension plans are located in regions where often it is not economically advantageous to pre-fund the plans due to local regulations. total cash contributions to ongoing international defined benefit pension plans in 2019, 2018 and 2017 totaled $7.2 million, $6.0 million and $8.0 million, respectively. in 2020, we expect to contribute approximately $4.6 million to our non-u.s. plans.
our non-qualified supplemental pension plans are funded through company assets as benefits are paid. in 2019, 2018 and 2017 a total of $13.6 million, $19.4 million, and $11.6 million in benefits were paid under these plans, respectively. see note 17 - employee benefit plans in the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k for further discussion regarding our post-retirement plans.
adjusted working capital: we believe adjusted working capital (a non-gaap measure calculated as accounts receivable, plus inventory, less accounts payable) provides a meaningful measure of our operational results by showing changes caused solely by revenue.
adjusted working capital (dollars in thousands)           december 31, 2019       december 31, 2018
adjusted working capital                                 $1,040,038              $1,011,124
adjusted working capital increased from december 31, 2018 by $28.9 million, or 2.9%, to $1.04 billion at december 31, 2019, which reflected a decrease in accounts receivable of $14.7 million, an increase in inventory of $57.3 million and an increase in accounts payable of $13.8 million. we continue to focus on improving working capital management by reducing our accounts receivable balance and increasing our accounts payable balance at december 31, 2019 compared to the prior year. however, inventories increased at december 31, 2019 compared to 2018 given planned footprint moves and a higher backlog going into 2020.
investing activities cash flow from investing activities is derived from cash inflows from proceeds from sales of businesses, property, plant and equipment and short-term investments, offset by cash outflows for capital expenditures and acquisitions. the majority of the activity in investing activities was comprised of the following:
•acquisitions: in 2019, we deployed $215.7 million to acquire three businesses. in comparison, we acquired two businesses in 2018 for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $68.6 million. total acquisition spend in 2017 was $27.2 million and was comprised of two businesses. see note 4 - acquisitions in the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k for additional information with respect to recent acquisitions.
•proceeds from sale of businesses: in 2019, we generated cash proceeds of $24.2 million, due to the sale of finder. cash proceeds of $3.9 million in 2018 was primarily due to cash received on a sale in 2017. in 2017, we generated cash proceeds of $372.7 million primarily from the sale of pmi and warn.
•capital spending: capital expenditures, primarily to support growth initiatives, productivity and new product launches, were $186.8 million in 2019, $171.0 million in 2018 and $170.1 million in 2017. our capital expenditures increased $15.8 million in 2019 compared to 2018, and remained relatively flat in 2018 compared to 2017.
we anticipate that capital expenditures and any additional acquisitions we make in 2020 will be funded from available cash and internally generated funds and, if necessary, through the issuance of commercial paper, or by accessing the public debt or equity markets.
financing activities our cash flow from financing activities generally relates to the use of cash for purchases of our common stock and payment of dividends, offset by net borrowing activity. the majority of financing activity was attributed to the following:
•long-term debt, commercial paper and notes payable, net: during 2019, we issued €500 million of 0.750% euro-denominated notes due 2027 and $300 million of 2.950% notes due 2029. the proceeds from the sale of euro-denominated notes of €494.7 million, net of discounts and issuance costs, were used in part to redeem the €300 million 2.125% notes due 2020. the proceeds from the sale of notes of $296.9 million, net of discounts and issuance costs, and the remaining funds from the sale of the euro-denominated notes, were used to fund the redemption of the $450 million 4.30% notes due 2021. the early extinguishment of debt resulted in a pre-tax loss of $23.5 million. net borrowings decreased by $93.3 million due to the issuance of debt, early extinguishment of debt, and decrease in borrowings from commercial paper.
during 2018, we repaid the company's $350.0 million 5.45% notes, which matured on march 15, 2018, and decreased net borrowings from commercial paper by $10.7 million. during 2017, we decreased net borrowings from commercial paper by $182.6 million with the cash proceeds from the sale of pmi and warn.
•cash received from apergy, net of cash distributed: in connection with the separation of apergy from dover on may 9, 2018, apergy incurred borrowings to fund a one-time cash payment of $700.0 million to dover in connection with dover's contribution to apergy of stock and assets relating to the businesses spun off with apergy. dover received net cash of $689.6 million upon separation, which reflects $10.4 million of cash held by apergy at the time of distribution and retained by it in connection with its separation from dover.
•repurchase of common stock: during the year ended december 31, 2019, we repurchased 1,343,622 shares of common stock at a total cost of $143.3 million. for the year ended december 31, 2018, we used $45.0 million to repurchase 440,608 shares under our january 2015 authorization, which expired on january 9, 2018. under a share repurchase authorization adopted by the board of directors in february 2018, we also repurchased 1,753,768 shares of common stock at a total cost of $150.0 million and used $700 million to repurchase a total of 8,542,566 shares through an accelerated share repurchase transaction which concluded in december 2018. we funded the accelerated share repurchase primarily with funds received from apergy in connection with the consummation of the apergy spin-off. for the year ended december 31, 2017, we used $105.0 million to repurchase 1,059,682 shares under the january 2015 authorization.
cash flows from discontinued operations there were no cash flows from discontinued operations for the year ended december 31, 2019. our cash flows from discontinued operations for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 (used) generated $(14.3) million and $48.5 million, respectively. these cash flows primarily reflect the operating results of apergy prior to its separation during the second quarter of 2018. cash flows used in discontinued operations for the year ended december 31, 2018 primarily reflects cash payments of spin-off costs of $46.4 million and capital expenditures of $23.7 million, partially offset by cash provided by operations of approximately $55.4 million. cash flows generated for the years ended december 31, 2017 primarily reflects cash provided by operating activities of approximately $96.2 million, respectively, partially offset by capital expenditures.
liquidity and capital resources free cash flow in addition to measuring our cash flow generation and usage based upon the operating, investing and financing classifications included in the consolidated statements of cash flows, we also measure free cash flow (a non-gaap measure) which represents net cash provided by operating activities minus capital expenditures. we believe that free cash flow is an important measure of operating performance because it provides management and investors a measurement of cash generated from operations that may be available for mandatory payment obligations and investment opportunities, such as funding acquisitions, paying dividends, repaying debt and repurchasing our common stock.
the following table reconciles our free cash flow to cash flow provided by operating activities:
cash flow provided by operating activities                                       $945,306                      $789,193                      $739,409
less: capital expenditures                                                      (186,804)                     (170,994)                     (170,068)
for 2019, we generated free cash flow of $758.5 million, representing 10.6% of revenue and 111.9% of earnings from continuing operations. free cash flow in 2018 was $618.2 million or 8.8% of revenue and 104.6% of earnings from continuing operations. free cash flow in 2017 was $569.3 million, or 8.3% of revenue and 76.3% of earnings from continuing operations. the full year increase in 2019 free cash flow reflects higher cash flow provided by operations due to higher operating earnings, as previously mentioned, partially offset by higher capital expenditures. the 2018 increase in free cash flow compared to 2017 is due to higher operating earnings. cash payments related to restructuring initiatives were $33.3 million, $52.0 million, and $22.6 million in 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively.
capitalization we use commercial paper borrowings for general corporate purposes, including the funding of acquisitions and the repurchase of our common stock. on october 4, 2019, we entered into a $1 billion five-year unsecured revolving credit facility with a syndicate of banks (the "credit agreement") that replaced a similar existing credit facility that was set to expire in november 2020. the credit agreement will expire on october 4, 2024. this facility is used primarily as liquidity back-up for our commercial paper program. we have not drawn down any loans under this facility nor do we anticipate doing so. if we were to draw down a loan, at our election, the loan would bear interest at a base rate plus an applicable margin. under this facility, we are required to pay a facility fee and to maintain an interest coverage ratio of consolidated ebitda to consolidated net interest expense of not less than 3.0 to 1. we were in compliance with this covenant and our other long-term debt covenants at december 31, 2019 and had a coverage ratio of 10.6 to 1. we are not aware of any potential impairment to our liquidity and expect to remain in compliance with all of our debt covenants.
on march 15, 2018, the outstanding 5.45% notes with a principal value of $350,000 matured. the repayment of debt was funded in part by borrowings under our commercial paper program and with existing cash balances.
on november 4, 2019, we issued €500 million of 0.750% euro-denominated notes due 2027 and $300 million of 2.950% notes due 2029. the proceeds from the sale of euro-denominated notes of €494.7 million, net of discounts and issuance costs, were used in part to redeem the €300 million 2.125% notes due 2020. the proceeds from the sale of notes of $296.9 million, net of discounts and issuance costs, and the remaining funds from the sale of the euro-denominated notes, were used to fund the redemption of the $450 million 4.30% notes due 2021. such redemption payments were made on december 4, 2019, which required us to pay a make whole premium to the bondholders, resulting in a loss of $23.5 million. the remainder of the proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes.
we also have a current shelf registration statement filed with the sec that allows for the issuance of additional debt securities that may be utilized in one or more offerings on terms to be determined at the time of the offering. net proceeds of any offering would be used for general corporate purposes, including repayment of existing indebtedness, capital expenditures and acquisitions.
at december 31, 2019, our cash and cash equivalents totaled $397.3 million, of which approximately $273.1 million was held outside the united states. at december 31, 2018, our cash and cash equivalents totaled $396.2 million, of which $247.5 million was held outside the united states. cash and cash equivalents are held primarily in bank deposits with highly rated banks. we regularly hold cash in excess of near-term requirements in bank deposits or invest the funds in government money market instruments or short-term investments, which consist of investment grade time deposits with original maturity dates at the time of purchase of no greater than three months.
we utilize the net debt to net capitalization calculation (a non-gaap measure) to assess our overall financial leverage and capacity and believe the calculation is useful to investors for the same reason. net debt represents total debt minus cash and cash equivalents. net capitalization represents net debt plus stockholders' equity. the following table provides a reconciliation of net debt to net capitalization to the most directly comparable gaap measures:
net debt to net capitalization ratio (dollars in thousands)                    december 31, 2019                december 31, 2018                december 31, 2017
current maturities of long-term debt                                                  $-                               $-                         $350,402
notes payable and current maturities of long-term debt                            84,700                          220,318                          581,102
add: stockholders' equity                                                      3,032,660                        2,768,666                        4,383,180
net capitalization                                                            $5,705,823                       $5,536,423                       $7,197,020
net debt to net capitalization                                    46.8                         %                     50.0       %   39.1                         %
our net debt to net capitalization ratio decreased to 46.8% at december 31, 2019 compared to 50.0% at december 31, 2018. the decrease in this ratio was driven primarily by the increase in stockholders' equity of $264.0 million for the period as a result of increase in current earnings of $677.9 million, offset by $143.3 million in share repurchases and $282.2 million of dividends paid. net debt decreased $94.6 million during the period primarily due to a reduction in commercial paper, partially offset by a net increase in long-term debt after debt issuances and redemptions in 2019.
our net debt to net capitalization ratio increased to 50.0% at december 31, 2018 compared to 39.1% at december 31, 2017 primarily due to the reduction in stockholders' equity as a result of the $906.8 million distribution of apergy, $895.0 million in share repurchases and $283.6 million of dividends paid, offset by $570.3 million of current earnings. net debt decreased $46.1 million during the period primarily due to a reduction in current maturities of long term debt, partially offset by a reduction in cash levels to fund dividends and other operating purposes.
our ability to obtain debt financing at comparable risk-based interest rates is partly a function of our existing cash flow-to-debt and debt-to-capitalization levels as well as our current credit standing. our credit ratings, which are independently developed by the respective rating agencies, were as follows as of december 31, 2019:
short term rating       long term rating        outlook moody's                       p-2                     baa1                    stable standard &amp; poor's         a-2                     bbb+                    stable operating cash flow and access to capital markets are expected to satisfy our various cash flow requirements, including acquisitions and capital expenditures. acquisition spending and/or share repurchases could potentially increase our debt.
we believe that existing sources of liquidity are adequate to meet anticipated funding needs at current risk-based interest rates for the foreseeable future.
off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately $158.5 million outstanding in letters of credit, surety bonds, and performance and other guarantees with financial institutions, which expire on various dates through 2028. these letters of credit and bonds are primarily issued as security for insurance, warranty and other performance obligations. in general, we would only be liable for the amount of these guarantees in the event of default in the performance of our obligations, the probability of which we believe is remote.
we have also provided typical indemnities in connection with sales of certain businesses and assets, including representations and warranties and related indemnities for environmental, health and safety, tax and employment matters. we do not have any material liabilities recorded for these indemnifications and are not aware of any claims or other information that would give rise to material payments under such indemnities.
a summary of our consolidated contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2019 and the years when these obligations are expected to be due is as follows:
supplemental and post-retirement benefits (3)                   77,824              14,936                         20,840                       13,561                         28,487                    -
unrecognized tax benefits (5)                                  101,052                   -                              -                            -                              -                    101,052
(1)   see note 12 - borrowings and lines of credit to the consolidated financial statements. amounts represent principal payments for all long-term debt, including current maturities, net of unamortized discounts and deferred issuance costs.
(3)   amounts represent estimated benefit payments under our unfunded supplemental and post-retirement benefit plans and our unfunded non-u.s. qualified defined benefit plans. see note 17 - employee benefit plans to the consolidated financial statements. we also expect to contribute approximately $4.6 million to our non-u.s. qualified defined benefit plans in 2020, which amount is not reflected in the above table.
(4)   amounts represent a tax imposed by the tax reform act for a one-time deemed repatriation of unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries, including current payable.
(5)   due to the uncertainty of the potential settlement of future unrecognized tax benefits, we are unable to estimate the timing of the related payments, if any, that will be made subsequent to 2019. this amount does not include the potential indirect benefits resulting from deductions or credits for payments made to other jurisdictions. this amount includes accrued interest and penalties.
financial instruments and risk management the diverse nature of our businesses' activities necessitates the management of various financial and market risks, including those related to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. we periodically use derivative financial instruments to manage some of these risks. we do not hold or issue derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. we are exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to our financial instrument contracts; however, nonperformance by these counterparties is considered unlikely as our policy is to contract with highly-rated, diversified counterparties.
interest rate exposure as of december 31, 2019 and during the three year period then ended, we did not have any open interest rate swap contracts; however, we may in the future enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to interest rate changes. we issue commercial paper, which exposes us to changes in variable interest rates; however, maturities are typically three months or less so a change in rates over this period would not have a material impact on our pre-tax earnings.
we consider our current risk related to market fluctuations in interest rates to be minimal since our debt is largely long-term and fixed-rate in nature. generally, the fair market value of fixed-interest rate debt will increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise. a 100 basis point increase in market interest rates would decrease the 2019 year-end fair value of our long-term debt by approximately $275.2 million. however, since we have no plans to repurchase our outstanding fixed-rate instruments before their maturities, the impact of market interest rate fluctuations on our long-term debt does not affect our results of operations or financial position.
foreign currency exposure we conduct business in various non-u.s. countries, including canada, substantially all of the european countries, mexico, brazil, china, india and other asian countries. therefore, we have foreign currency risk relating to receipts from customers, payments to suppliers and intercompany transactions denominated in foreign currencies. we will occasionally use derivative financial instruments to offset such risks, when it is believed that the exposure will not be limited by our normal operating and financing activities. we have formal policies to mitigate risk in this area by using fair value and/or cash flow hedging programs.
changes in the value of the currencies of the countries in which we operate affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows when translated into u.s. dollars, our reporting currency. the strengthening of the u.s. dollar could result in unfavorable translation effects as the results of foreign operations are translated into u.s. dollars. we have generally accepted the exposure to exchange rate movements relative to our investment in non-u.s. operations. we may, from time to time, for a specific exposure, enter into fair value hedges.
additionally, we have designated the €600 million and €500 million of euro-denominated notes issued november 9, 2016 and november 4, 2019, respectively, as a hedge of our net investment in euro-denominated operations. we had also designated the €300 million notes due in 2020 as a net investment hedge prior to our redemption of the notes. due to the high degree of effectiveness between the hedging instruments and the exposure being hedged, fluctuations in the value of the euro-denominated debt due to exchange rate changes are offset by changes in the net investment. accordingly, changes in the value of the euro-denominated debt are recognized in the cumulative translation adjustment section of other comprehensive income to offset changes in the value of the net investment in euro-denominated operations. due to the fluctuations of the euro relative to the u.s. dollar, the u.s. dollar equivalent of this debt increases or decreases, resulting in the recognition of a pre-tax gain (loss) of $22.4 million, $45.2 million and $(125.3) million in other comprehensive income for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017 respectively.
commodity price exposure certain of our businesses are exposed to volatility in the prices of certain commodities, such as aluminum, steel, copper and various precious metals, among others. our primary exposure to commodity pricing volatility relates to the use of these materials in purchased component parts or the purchase of raw materials. when possible, we maintain long-term fixed price contracts on raw materials and component parts; however, we are prone to exposure as these contracts expire.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements and related financial information are based on the application of u.s. gaap. the preparation of financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap requires the use of estimates, assumptions, judgments and interpretations of accounting principles that affect the amount of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses on the consolidated financial statements. these estimates also affect supplemental information contained in our disclosures, including information regarding contingencies, risk and our financial condition. the significant accounting policies used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements are discussed in note 1 - description of business and summary of significant accounting policies in the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k. the accounting assumptions and estimates discussed in the section below are most critical to an understanding of our financial statements because they inherently involve significant judgments and estimates. we believe our use of estimates and underlying accounting assumptions conforms to u.s. gaap and is consistently applied. we evaluate our critical accounting estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis and update them as necessary. management has discussed our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of the board of directors.
revenue recognition - effective january 1, 2018, we adopted accounting standard codification ("asc") topic 606, revenue from contracts with customers. under asc topic 606, a contract with a customer is an agreement which both parties have approved, that creates enforceable rights and obligations, has commercial substance and where payment terms are identified and collectability is probable. once we enter a contract, it is evaluated to identify performance obligations. for each performance obligation, revenue is recognized as control of promised goods or services transfers to the customer in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those goods or services. the amount of revenue recognized takes into account variable consideration, such as discounts and volume rebates. the majority of our revenue is generated through the manufacture and sale of a broad range of specialized products and components, with revenue recognized upon transfer of title and risk of loss, which is generally upon shipment. service revenue represents less than 5% of our total revenue and is recognized as the services are performed. in limited cases, our revenue arrangements with customers require delivery, installation, testing, certification, or other acceptance provisions to be satisfied before revenue is recognized. we include shipping costs billed to customers in revenue and the related shipping costs in cost of goods and services.
inventories - inventories for the majority of our subsidiaries, including all international subsidiaries, are stated at the lower of cost, determined on the first-in, first-out (fifo) basis, or net realizable value. other domestic inventories are stated at cost, determined on the last-in, first-out (lifo) basis, which is less than market value. under certain market conditions, estimates and judgments regarding the valuation of inventories are employed by us to properly value inventories.
goodwill and other intangible assets - we have significant goodwill and intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheets as a result of current and past acquisitions. the valuation and classification of these assets and the assignment of useful lives involve significant judgments and the use of estimates. in addition, the testing of goodwill and intangibles for impairment requires significant use of judgment and assumptions, particularly as it relates to the determination of fair value. our indefinite-lived intangible assets and reporting units are tested and reviewed for impairment on an annual basis during the fourth quarter, or more frequently when indicators of impairment exist, when some portion but not all of a reporting unit is disposed of or classified as assets held for sale, or when a change in the composition of reporting units occurs for other reasons, such as a change in segments.
when performing an impairment test, we estimate fair value using the income-based valuation method. under the income-based valuation method, fair value is determined based on the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at an appropriate risk-adjusted rate. we use our internal forecasts to estimate future cash flows and include an estimate of long-term future growth rate based on our most recent views of the long-term outlook for each reporting unit. actual results may differ from these estimates. the discount rates used in these analyses vary by reporting unit and are based on a capital asset pricing model and published relevant industry rates. we use discount rates commensurate with the risks and uncertainties inherent to each reporting unit and in our internally developed forecasts. discount rates used in our 2019 reporting unit valuations ranged from 8.0% to 9.5%.
concurrent with the timing of the annual impairment test, effective october 1, 2019, we changed our management structure which resulted in a change in our operating segments and reporting units. as a result, management tested goodwill for impairment before and after the segment change under the old and new reporting unit structures. we performed a quantitative goodwill impairment test for each of our seven reporting units under the old structure and fifteen reporting units under the new structure, concluding that the fair values of all of its reporting units were substantially in excess of their carrying values. as such, no goodwill impairment was recognized. while we believe the assumptions used in the 2019 impairment analysis are reasonable and representative of expected results, actual results may differ from expectations.
employee benefit plans - the valuation of our pension and other post-retirement plans requires the use of assumptions and estimates that are used to develop actuarial valuations of expenses and assets/liabilities. inherent in these valuations are key assumptions, including discount rates, investment returns, projected salary increases and benefits and mortality rates. annually, we review the actuarial assumptions used in our pension reporting and compare them with external benchmarks to ensure that they accurately account for our future pension obligations. changes in assumptions and future investment returns could potentially have a material impact on our pension expense and related funding requirements. our expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is reviewed annually based on actual and forecasted returns, economic trends and and portfolio allocation. our discount rate assumption is determined by developing a yield curve based on high quality corporate bonds with maturities matching the plans' expected benefit payment streams. the plans' expected cash flows are then discounted by the resulting year-by-year spot rates. as disclosed in note 17 - employee benefit plans to the consolidated financial statements, the 2019 weighted-average discount rates used to measure our qualified defined benefit obligations ranged from 1.18% to 3.40%, a general decrease from the 2018 rates, which ranged from 1.83% to 4.35%. the lower 2019 discount rates in the u.s. are reflective of decreased market interest rates over this period. a 25 basis point decrease in the discount rates used for these plans would have increased the post-retirement benefit obligations by approximately $31.3 million from the amount recorded in the consolidated financial statements at december 31, 2019. our pension expense is also sensitive to changes in the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. a decrease of 25 basis points in the expected long-term rate of return on assets would have increased our defined benefit pension expense by approximately $1.5 million.
income taxes - we have significant amounts of deferred tax assets that are reviewed for recoverability and valued accordingly. these assets are evaluated by using estimates of future taxable income streams and the impact of tax planning strategies. reserves are also estimated, using more likely than not criteria, for ongoing audits regarding federal, state and non-u.s. issues that are currently unresolved. we routinely monitor the potential impact of these situations and believe that we have established the proper reserves. reserves related to tax accruals and valuations related to deferred tax assets can be impacted by changes in tax codes and rulings (as further described below with respect to u.s. tax law), changes in statutory tax rates and our future taxable income levels. the provision for uncertain tax positions provides a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for financial statement tax benefits taken or expected to be taken in a tax return and disclosure requirements regarding uncertainties in income tax positions. the tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. we record interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of our provision for income taxes.
on december 22, 2017, the tax reform act was enacted which permanently reduced the u.s. corporate income tax rate from a maximum of 35% to a flat 21% rate, effective january 1, 2018. as a result of the reduction in the u.s. corporate income tax rate, we revalued our ending net deferred tax liabilities as of december 31, 2017 and recognized a provisional tax benefit of $172.0 million. the tax reform act also imposed a tax for a one-time deemed repatriation of post-1986 unremitted foreign earnings and profits through the year ended december 31, 2017. for the year ended december 31, 2017, we recorded provisional tax expense related to the deemed repatriation of $111.6 million payable over eight years.
on december 22, 2017, the sec staff issued sab 118 to address the application of u.s. gaap in situations when a registrant did not have the necessary information available, prepared, or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain income tax effects of the tax reform act. in accordance with the sab 118 guidance, we recognized the provisional tax impacts related to deemed repatriated earnings and the benefit for the revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities in its consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2017. in accordance with sab 118, we finalized the financial reporting impact of the tax reform act in the fourth quarter of 2018. for the year ended december 31, 2018, we recorded a $4.2 million net tax benefit, which resulted in a 0.6% decrease in the effective tax rate, as an adjustment to the provisional estimates as a result of additional regulatory guidance and changes in interpretations and assumptions we made as a result of the tax reform act.
risk, retention, insurance - we have significant accruals and reserves related to the self-insured portion of our risk management program. these accruals require the use of estimates and judgment with regard to risk exposure and ultimate liability. we estimate losses under these programs using actuarial assumptions, our experience and relevant industry data. we review these factors quarterly and consider the current level of accruals and reserves adequate relative to current market conditions and experience.
contingencies - we have established liabilities for environmental and legal contingencies at both the business and corporate levels. a significant amount of judgment and the use of estimates are required to quantify our ultimate exposure in these matters. the valuation of liabilities for these contingencies is reviewed on a quarterly basis to ensure that we have accrued the proper level of expense. the liability balances are adjusted to account for changes in circumstances for ongoing issues and the establishment of additional liabilities for emerging issues. while we believe that the amount accrued to-date is adequate, future changes in circumstances could impact these determinations.
restructuring - we establish liabilities for restructuring activities at an operation when management has committed to an exit or reorganization plan and when termination benefits are probable and can be reasonably estimated based on circumstances at the time the restructuring plan is approved by management or when termination benefits are communicated. exit costs may include contractual terminations and asset impairments as a result of an approved restructuring plan. the accrual of both severance and exit costs requires the use of estimates. though we believe that these estimates accurately reflect the anticipated costs, actual results may be different than the estimated amounts.
disposed and discontinued operations - from time to time we sell or discontinue or dispose of certain operations for various reasons. estimates are used to adjust, if necessary, the assets and liabilities of discontinued operations to their estimated fair value. these estimates include assumptions relating to the proceeds anticipated as a result of the sale. fair value is established using internal valuation calculations along with market analysis of similar-type entities. the adjustments to fair value of these operations provide the basis for the gain or loss when sold. changes in business conditions or the inability to sell an operation could potentially require future adjustments to these estimates. as noted previously, in 2019, we recorded an impairment on assets held for sale due to the sale of finder. in 2018 and 2017, no impairment charges were recorded due to operations sold, discontinued, or disposed.
stock-based compensation - we are required to recognize in our consolidated statements of earnings the expense associated with all share-based payment awards made to employees and directors, including stock appreciation rights ("sars"), restricted stock units and performance share awards. we use the black-scholes valuation model to estimate the fair value of sars granted to employees. the model requires that we estimate the expected life of the sar, expected forfeitures and the volatility of our stock using historical data. for additional information related to the assumptions used, see note 15 - equity and cash incentive program to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k.
recent accounting standards see note 1 - description of business and summary of significant accounting policies to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements and recently adopted accounting standards.
non-gaap disclosures in an effort to provide investors with additional information regarding our results as determined by gaap, we also disclose non-gaap information which we believe provides useful information to investors. segment ebitda, segment ebitda margin, free cash flow, free cash flow as a percentage of revenue, free cash flow as a percentage of earnings from continuing operations, net debt, net capitalization, net debt to net capitalization ratio, adjusted working capital, organic revenue growth and rightsizing costs are not financial measures under gaap and should not be considered as a substitute for earnings, cash flows from operating activities, debt or equity, working capital, revenue or restructuring costs as determined in accordance with gaap, and they may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
we believe that segment ebitda and segment ebitda margin are useful to investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating ongoing operating profitability as they exclude the depreciation and amortization expense related primarily to capital expenditures and acquisitions that occurred in prior years, as well as in evaluating operating performance in relation to our competitors. segment ebitda is calculated by adding back depreciation and amortization expense to segment earnings, which is the most directly comparable gaap measure. we do not present segment net income because corporate expenses are not allocated at a segment level. segment ebitda margin is calculated as segment ebitda divided by segment revenue.
we believe the net debt to net capitalization ratio, free cash flow and free cash flow ratios are important measures of liquidity. net debt to net capitalization ratio is helpful in evaluating our capital structure and the amount of leverage we employ. free cash flow and free cash flow ratios provide both management and investors a measurement of cash generated from operations that is available to fund acquisitions, pay dividends, repay debt and repurchase our common stock. free cash flow as a percentage of revenue equals free cash flow divided by revenue. free cash flow as a percentage of earnings from continuing operations equals free cash flow divided by earnings from continuing operations. we believe that reporting adjusted working capital, which is calculated as accounts receivable, plus inventory, less accounts payable, provides a meaningful measure of our operational results by showing the changes caused solely by revenue. we believe that reporting organic revenue growth, which exclude the impact of foreign currency exchange rates and the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, provides a useful comparison of our revenue performance and trends between periods. we believe that reporting rightsizing costs, which include restructuring and other charges, is important as it enables management and investors to better understand the financial impact of our broad-based cost reduction and operational improvement initiatives.
reconciliations of non-gaap measures can be found above in this item 7, md&a.