item 1a.   risk factors in addition to the other information in this form 10-k, the following factors should be considered in evaluating our business. our operating results depend upon many factors and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. the most significant risks and uncertainties known to us which may cause our operating results to vary from anticipated results or which may negatively affect our operating results and profitability are as follows:
company risks products that we sell may expose us to potential material liability for property damage, environmental damage, personal injury, or death linked to the use of those products by our customers. some of our customers operate in challenging industries where there is a material risk of catastrophic events. we are actively seeking to expand our sales to certain categories of customers, some of whose businesses may entail heightened levels of such risk. if any of these events are linked to the use by our customers of any of our products, claims could be brought against us by those customers, by governmental authorities, and by third parties who are injured or damaged as a result of such events. in addition, our reputation could be adversely affected by negative publicity surrounding such events regardless of whether or not claims against us are successful. while we maintain insurance coverage to mitigate a portion of this risk and may have recourse against our suppliers for losses arising out of defects in products procured from them, we could experience significant losses as a result of claims made against us to the extent adequate insurance is not in place, the products are manufactured by us or legal recourse against our suppliers is otherwise not available, or our insurers or suppliers are unwilling or unable to satisfy their obligations to us.
interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems or the inability to maintain or upgrade our information systems, or convert to alternate systems in a timely and efficient manner, could disrupt operations, cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues, and result in less efficient operations. the proper functioning of our information systems is critical to many aspects of our business and we could be adversely affected if we experience a disruption or data loss relating to our information systems and are unable to recover in a timely manner. our information systems are protected with robust backup systems and processes, including physical and software safeguards and remote processing capabilities. still, information systems are vulnerable to natural disasters, power losses, unauthorized access, telecommunication failures, and other problems. in addition, certain software used by us is licensed from, and certain services related to our information systems are provided by, third parties who could choose to discontinue their products or services or their relationship with us. it is also possible that we are unable to improve, upgrade, maintain, and expand our information systems. our ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, pay expenses, and maintain the security of company and customer data, as well as the success of our growth drivers, is dependent in varying degrees on the effective and timely operation and support of our information technology systems. if critical information systems fail or these systems or related software or services are otherwise unavailable, or if we experience extended delays or unexpected expenses in securing, developing, and otherwise implementing technology solutions to support our growth and operations, it could adversely affect our profitability and/or ability to grow.
in the event of a cyber security incident, we could experience certain operational interruptions, incur substantial additional costs, become subject to legal or regulatory proceedings, or suffer damage to our reputation in the marketplace. the nature of our business requires us to receive, retain, and transmit certain personally identifying information that our customers provide to purchase products or services, register on our websites, or otherwise communicate and interact with us. while we have taken and continue to undertake significant steps to protect our customer and confidential information, a compromise of our data security systems or those of businesses we interact with could result in information related to our customers or business being obtained by unauthorized persons. we develop and update processes and maintain systems in an effort to try to prevent this from occurring and have established and maintained disclosure controls and procedures that would permit us to make accurate and timely disclosures of any material event, including any cyber security event, but the development and maintenance of these processes and systems are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. consequently, despite our efforts, the possibility of cyber security incidents cannot be eliminated entirely. there can be no assurance that we will not experience a cyber security incident that may materially impact our consolidated financial statements. while we also seek to obtain assurances that third parties we interact with will protect confidential information, there is a risk the confidentiality of data held or accessed by third parties may be compromised. if a compromise of our data security were to occur, it could interrupt our operations, subject us to additional legal, regulatory, and operating costs, and damage our reputation in the marketplace.
we may be unable to meet our goals regarding the growth drivers of our business. our sales growth is dependent primarily on our ability to attract new customers and increase our activity with existing customers. historically, the most effective way to attract new customers has been opening new branches. in recent years, however, we have devoted increased resources to other growth drivers, including our industrial vending business, our onsite business, our national accounts team, and our international operations. while we have taken steps to build momentum in the growth drivers of our business, we cannot assure you those steps will lead to additional sales growth. failure to achieve any of our goals regarding industrial vending, fmi, onsite locations, national accounts signings, digital solutions, international operations, or other growth drivers could negatively impact our long-term sales growth. further, failure to identify appropriate targets for our onsite and industrial vending businesses or failure to find suitable locations for them once appropriate targets are identified may adversely impact our goals regarding the number of new onsite locations we are able to open or the number of industrial vending devices we are able to deploy.
changes in customer or product mix, downward pressure on sales prices, and changes in volume of orders could cause our gross profit percentage to fluctuate or decline in the future. changes in our customer or product mix could cause our gross profit percentage to fluctuate or decline. for example, the portion of our sales attributable to fasteners has been decreasing in recent years. that has adversely affected our gross profit percentage as our non-fastener products generally carry lower gross profit margins than our fastener products. similarly, in recent years, revenues from national accounts customers, which typically have lower gross profit margins by virtue of their scale and available business, have tended to grow faster than revenues from smaller customers. this factor has become more significant as revenues from onsite locations have grown in the mix. customer and product mix have contributed to the decline in our gross profit percentage over time, including in 2019 and 2018, and will likely continue to affect our gross profit percentage in 2020 and beyond. however, whether this adverse mix impact will result in a decline of our gross profit percentage in any given year will depend on the extent to which they are, or are not, offset by positive impacts to gross profit margin during such year. downward pressure on sales prices, changes in the volume of our orders, and an inability to pass higher product costs on to customers could also cause our gross profit percentage to fluctuate or decline. we can experience downward pressure on sales prices as a result of deflation, pressure from customers to reduce costs, or increased competition. reductions in our volume of purchases can adversely impact gross profit by reducing supplier volume allowances. we may not be able to pass rising product costs to customers if those customers have ready product or supplier alternatives in the marketplace.
our operating and administrative expenses could grow more rapidly than net sales which could result in failure to achieve our goals related to leveraging revenue growth into higher net earnings. over time, we have generally experienced an increase in our operating and administrative expenses, including costs related to payroll, occupancy, freight, and information technology, among others, as our net sales have grown. however, historically, a portion of these expenses has not increased at the same rates as net sales, allowing us to leverage our growth and sustain or expand our operating profit margins. there are various scenarios where we may not be able to continue to achieve this leverage as we have been able to do in the past. for instance, it is typical that when demand declines, most commonly from cyclical factors (though it could be due to customer losses or some other company-specific event), our operating and administrative expenses do not fall as quickly as net sales. it is also possible that in the future we will elect to make investments in operating and administrative expenses that would result in costs growing faster than net sales. in addition, market variables, such as labor rates, energy costs, and legal costs, could move in such a way as to cause us to not be able to manage our operating and administrative expenses in a way that would enable us to leverage our revenue growth into higher net earnings. should any of these scenarios, or a combination of them, occur in the future, it is possible that our operating and pre-tax profit margins could decline even if we are able to grow revenue.
our competitive advantage in our industrial vending business could be eliminated and the loss of key suppliers of equipment and services for that business could be disruptive and could result in failure to deploy devices. we believe we have a competitive advantage in industrial vending due to our vending hardware and software, our local branch presence (allowing us to service devices more rapidly), our 'vendible' product depth, and, in north america, our distribution strength. these advantages have developed over time; however, other competitors could respond to our expanding industrial vending business with highly competitive platforms of their own. such competition could negatively impact our ability to expand our industrial vending business or negatively impact the economics of that business. in addition, we currently rely on a limited number of suppliers for the vending devices used in, and certain software and services needed to operate, our industrial vending business. while these devices, software, and services can be obtained from other sources, loss of our current suppliers could be disruptive and could result in us failing to meet our goals related to the number of devices we are able to deploy in the next twelve to eighteen months.
the ability to identify new products and product lines, and integrate them into our selling locations and distribution network, may impact our ability to compete, our ability to generate additional sales, and our profit margins. our success depends in part on our ability to develop product expertise at the selling location level and identify future products and product lines that complement existing products and product lines and that respond to our customers' needs. we may not be able to compete effectively unless our product selection keeps up with trends in the markets in which we compete or trends in new products. in addition, our ability to integrate new products and product lines into our branches and distribution network could impact sales and profit margins.
our ability to successfully attract and retain qualified personnel to staff our selling locations could impact labor costs, sales at existing selling locations, and the successful execution of our growth drivers. our success depends in part on our ability to attract, motivate, and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, including inside and outside branch associates, onsite managers, national account sales representatives, and support personnel, who understand and appreciate our culture and are able to adequately represent this culture to our customers. qualified individuals of the requisite caliber and number needed to fill these positions may be in short supply in some areas, and the turnover rate in the industry is high, particularly for less tenured employees. if we are unable to hire and retain personnel capable of consistently providing a high level of customer service, as demonstrated by their enthusiasm for our culture and product knowledge, our sales could be materially adversely affected. additionally, competition for qualified employees could require us to pay higher wages to attract a sufficient number of employees. an inability to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified individuals in the future may also delay the planned expansion of our various selling channels.
our inability to attract or transition key executive officers may divert the attention of other members of our senior leadership and adversely impact our existing operations. our success depends on the efforts and abilities of our key executive officers and senior leadership. in the event of voluntary or involuntary vacancies in our executive team in the future, the extent to which there is disruption in the oversight and/or leadership of our business will depend on our ability to either transition internal, talented individuals or recruit suitable replacements to serve in these roles. in addition, difficulties in smoothly implementing any transition to new members of our executive team, or recruiting suitable replacements, could divert the attention of other members of our senior leadership team from our existing operations.
we may not be able to compete effectively against traditional or non-traditional competitors, which could cause us to lose market share or erode our gross and/or operating income profit and/or percentage. the industrial, construction, and maintenance supply industry, although slowly consolidating, still remains a large, fragmented, and highly competitive industry. our current or future competitors may include companies with similar or greater market presence, name recognition, and financial, marketing, technological, and other resources, and we believe they will continue to challenge us with their product selection, financial resources, technological advancements, and services. increased competition from brick-and-mortar retailers could cause us to lose market share or reduce our prices or increase our spending. similarly, the emergence of on-line retailers, whether as extensions of our traditional competition or in the form of major, non-traditional competitors, could result in easier and quicker price discovery and the adoption of aggressive pricing strategies and sales methods. these pressures could have the effect of eroding our gross and/or operating income profit and/or percentage over time.
our business is subject to a wide array of operating laws and regulations in every jurisdiction where we operate. compliance with these laws and regulations increases the cost of doing business and failure to comply could result in the imposition of fines or penalties and the termination of contracts. we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations including without limitation; import and export requirements, anti-bribery and corruption laws, product compliance laws, environmental laws, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, advertising regulations, data privacy and cyber security requirements, regulations on suppliers regarding the sources of supplies or products, labor and employment laws, and anti-competition regulations. in addition, as a supplier to federal, state, and local government agencies, we must comply with certain laws and regulations relating specifically to the formation, administration, and performance of our governmental contracts. we are also subject to governmental audits and inquiries in the normal course of business. ongoing audit activity and changes to the legal and regulatory environments could increase the cost of doing business, and such costs may increase in the future as a result of changes in these laws and regulations or in their interpretation. while we have implemented policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate such laws and regulations, or our policies. any such violations could result in the imposition of fines and penalties, damage to our reputation, and, in the case of laws and regulations relating specifically to governmental contracts, the loss of those contracts.
tax laws and regulations require compliance efforts that can increase our cost of doing business and changes to these laws and regulations could impact financial results. we are subject to a variety of tax laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. maintaining compliance with these laws can increase our cost of doing business and failure to comply could result in audits or the imposition of fines or penalties. further, our future effective tax rates in any of these jurisdictions could be affected, positively or negatively, by changing tax priorities, changes in statutory rates, or changes in tax laws or the interpretation thereof. the most significant recent example of this is the comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the 'tax act'), which was enacted in the united states in december 2017. the tax act reduced the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate, included a one-time tax on accumulated offshore earnings, eliminated certain deductions for which we had previously qualified, requires a current inclusion in u.s. federal income of certain earnings of controlled foreign corporations, allows a domestic corporation an immediate deduction in u.s. taxable income for a portion of its foreign-derived intangible income, and introduced a base erosion anti-abuse tax. there is also a longer term risk that the beneficial aspects of the tax act on our business could be reversed depending on changes in future fiscal or political priorities.
we may not be successful in integrating acquisitions and achieving intended benefits and synergies. we have completed several acquisitions of businesses in recent years. we expect to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions that we believe will either expand or complement our business in new or existing markets or further enhance the value and offerings we are able to provide to our existing or future potential customers. acquisitions involve numerous risks and challenges, including, among others, a risk of potential loss of key employees of an acquired business, inability to achieve identified operating and financial synergies anticipated to result from an acquisition, diversion of our capital and our management's attention from other business issues, and risks related to the integration of the acquired business including unanticipated changes in our business, our industry, or general economic conditions that affect the assumptions underlying the acquisition. any one or more of these factors could cause us to not realize the benefits anticipated to result from the acquisitions.
industry and general economic risks a downturn in the economy or in the principal markets served by us and other factors may affect customer spending, which could harm our operating results. in general, our sales represent spending on discretionary items or consumption needs by our customers. this spending is affected by many factors, including, among others:
•   general business conditions,
•   business conditions in our principal markets,
•   liquidity in credit markets,
•   weather conditions, and
a downturn in either the national or local economy where we operate, or in the principal markets served by us, or changes in any of the other factors described above, could negatively impact sales at our in-market locations, sales through our other selling channels, and the level of profitability of those in-market locations and other selling channels.
this risk was most recently demonstrated in 2019. after experiencing strong demand in 2017 and 2018 that produced double-digit sales growth for fastenal, our growth slowed into the mid-single digits beginning in the second quarter of 2019. during that period, many of our customers involved in the manufacture of components, capital goods, and heavy equipment were impacted by higher costs and reduced confidence stemming from global trade uncertainty. when this happens, these customers tend to cut back on spending which yields a slowdown in our business with these customers.
trade policies could make sourcing product from overseas more difficult and/or more costly, and could adversely impact our gross and/or operating profit percentage. we source a significant amount of the products we sell from outside of the united states, primarily asia. we have made significant structural investments over time to be able to source both directly from asia through our wholly-owned, asia-based subsidiary, fastco trading co., ltd. and indirectly from suppliers that procure product from international sources. this was initially necessary due to the absence of significant domestic fastener production, but over time we have expanded our non-fastener sourcing as well, and at this time it may be difficult to adjust our sourcing in the short term. in light of this, changes in trade policies could affect our sourcing operations, our ability to secure sufficient product to serve our customers and/or impact the cost or price of our products, with potentially adverse impacts on our gross and operating profit percentages and financial results. these risks are particularly acute currently in light of an increase in tariffs, either directly on products we trade in or indirectly on industries we sell into, between the united states and its trading partners, as well as greater uncertainty around regional and global trade agreements generally. china and canada represent significant sources of product and canada and mexico represent our two largest markets in terms of revenue generation after the united states, and each of these countries are currently and/or have been previously subject to disruption due to historical trade policies. there can be no assurances that these disruptions will not continue or increase in the future, with the previously mentioned countries or additional countries with which we do business. the degree to which these changes in the global marketplace affect our financial results will be influenced by the specific details of the changes in trade policies, their timing and duration, and our effectiveness in deploying tools to address these issues. in particular, the tariffs levied on most of our products originating in china have caused us to review and implement potential solutions to the increase in our product costs with our customers. the first of these actions occurred on september 24, 2018, but since that date there have been additional actions to both increase the number of products covered by tariffs and to raise the tariff rates themselves. we have taken actions, including increasing product prices, re-sourcing product, and seeking exemptions for certain products, that have been mostly effective at offsetting the impacts of tariffs on our financial results. the effectiveness of these strategies in response to any future tariffs is unknown.
trade policies could have an adverse impact on industries we sell into, negatively affecting our net sales and profits. considerable political uncertainty in the united states may result in changes to trade policies that could create disruption in geographic demand trends. to the extent that the united states government enacts tariffs or taxes that penalize imports to benefit domestic manufacturing, we may improve our domestic sales which may have an overall positive impact on us given that 86% of our total revenue is derived from the united states. however, any such action may adversely impact our foreign sales, which may, in turn, adversely impact our ability to expand our overseas branches in the future. in addition, should a foreign government engage in its own trade protection, independent of or in response to another nation's action, it could have a negative direct or, more likely, indirect effect on our net sales and profits by reducing demand for exports by united states companies. such changes could adversely affect our financial results.
products manufactured in foreign countries may cease to be available for reasons unrelated to trade policy, which could adversely affect our inventory levels and operating results. we obtain certain of our products, and our suppliers obtain certain of their products, from china, taiwan, south korea, mexico, and other foreign countries. our suppliers could discontinue selling products manufactured in foreign countries at any time for reasons that may or may not be in our control or our suppliers' control, including foreign government regulations, domestic government regulations, political unrest, war, disruption or delays in shipments, or changes in local economic conditions. additionally, the shipment of goods from foreign countries could be delayed by container shipping companies encountering financial or other difficulties. our operating results and inventory levels could suffer if we are unable to promptly replace a supplier or shipper who is unwilling or unable to satisfy our requirements with another supplier or shipper providing equally appealing products and services.
changes in energy costs and the cost of raw materials used in our products could impact our net sales, cost of sales, gross profit percentage, distribution expenses, and occupancy expenses, which may result in lower operating income. costs of raw materials used in our products (e.g., steel) and energy costs can fluctuate significantly over time. increases in these costs result in increased production costs for our suppliers. these suppliers typically look to pass their increased costs along to us through price increases. the fuel costs of our distribution and branch operations have fluctuated as well. while we typically try to pass higher supplier prices and fuel costs through to our customers or to modify our activities to mitigate the impact, we may not be successful, particularly if supplier prices or fuel costs rise rapidly. failure to fully pass any such increased prices and costs through to our customers or to modify our activities to mitigate the impact would have an adverse effect on our operating income. while increases in the cost of fuel or raw materials could be damaging to us, decreases in those costs, particularly if severe, could also adversely impact us by creating deflation in selling prices, which could cause our gross profit to decline, or by negatively impacting customers in certain industries, which could cause our sales to those customers to decline.
the industrial, construction, and maintenance supply industry is consolidating, which could cause it to become more competitive and could negatively impact our market share, gross profit, and operating income. the industrial, construction, and maintenance supply industry in north america is consolidating. this consolidation is being driven by customer needs and supplier capabilities, which could cause the industry to become more competitive as greater economies of scale are achieved by suppliers, or as competitors with new business models are willing and able to operate with lower gross profit on select products. customers are increasingly aware of the total costs of fulfillment and of the need to have consistent sources of supply at multiple locations. we believe these customer needs could result in fewer suppliers as the remaining suppliers become larger and capable of being a consistent source of supply.
there can be no assurance we will be able in the future to take effective advantage of the trend toward consolidation. the trend in our industry toward consolidation could make it more difficult for us to maintain our current gross profit and operating income. furthermore, as our industrial customers face increased foreign competition, and potentially lose business to foreign competitors or shift their operations overseas in an effort to reduce expenses, we may face increased difficulty in growing and maintaining our market share.
inclement weather and other disruptions to the transportation network could adversely impact our distribution system and demand for our products. our ability to provide efficient distribution of core business products to our branch network is an integral component of our overall business strategy. disruptions at distribution centers or shipping ports may affect our ability to both maintain core products in inventory and deliver products to our customers on a timely basis, which may in turn adversely affect our results of operations. in addition, severe weather conditions could adversely affect demand for our products in particularly hard hit regions. in august and september 2017, we experienced temporary disruptions in our distribution network in our gulf coast, florida, georgia, and puerto rico regions due to hurricanes harvey, irma, and maria. these storms adversely impacted our product demand and revenues, as well as our gross and operating profit percentages, due to an increase in demand for storm-related products which have a lower gross profit margin, and inefficiencies in delivery services in the immediate aftermath of the storms. in september 2018, hurricane florence had a similar impact in our carolinas region, and in the first quarter of 2019, severe winter weather had a similar impact across the northern part of the united states.
our current estimates of total market potential as well as the market potential of our business strategies could be incorrect. we believe we have a significant opportunity for growth based on our belief that north american market demand for the products we sell is estimated to exceed $140 billion. this figure is not derived from an independent organization or data source that aggregates and publishes widely agreed-upon demand and market share statistics. instead, we have identified this figure based on our own experience in the marketplace for our products and by evaluating estimates from other sources. if we have overestimated the size of our market, and in doing so, underestimated our current share of it, the size of our opportunity for growth may not be as significant as we currently believe. similarly, we have provided estimates of the opportunities we have with some of our specific growth strategies, such as industrial vending and onsite locations. we believe the potential market opportunity for industrial vending is approximately 1.7 million devices and we have identified over 15,000 customer locations with the potential to implement our onsite service model. similar to the case for total market size, we use our own experience and data to arrive at the size of these potential opportunities and not independent sources. these estimates are based on our business model today, and the introduction or expansion of other business strategies, such as on-line retailing, could cause them to change. in addition, the market potential of a particular business strategy may vary from expectations due to a change in the marketplace (such as changes in customer concentration or needs), a change in the nature of that business strategy, or weaker than anticipated acceptance by customers of that business strategy. we cannot guarantee that our market potential estimates are accurate or that we will ultimately decide to expand our industrial vending or onsite service models as we anticipate to reach the full market opportunity.
we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk, and changes in foreign exchange rates could increase the cost of purchasing products and impact our foreign sales. because the functional currency related to most of our foreign operations is the applicable local currency, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk arising from transactions in the normal course of business. fluctuations in the relative strength of foreign economies and their related currencies could adversely impact our ability to procure products overseas at competitive prices and our foreign sales. historically, our primary exchange rate exposure has been with the canadian dollar. there can be no assurance that currency exchange rate fluctuations with the canadian dollar and other foreign currencies will not adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. while the use of currency hedging instruments may provide us with protection from adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates, we are not currently using these instruments and we have not historically hedged this exposure. if we decide to do so in the future, we could potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
tight credit markets could impact our ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms or increase the cost of existing or future financing and interest rate fluctuations could adversely impact our results. as of december 31, 2019, we had $345.0 of outstanding debt obligations, including loans outstanding under our revolving credit facility (the 'credit facility') of $210.0 and senior unsecured promissory notes issued under our master note agreement (the 'master note agreement') in the aggregate principal amount of $135.0. loans under the credit facility bear interest at a rate per annum based on the london interbank offered rate ('libor') and mature on november 30, 2023. the notes issued under our master note agreement consist of three series. the first is in an aggregate principal amount of $40.0, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.00% per annum, and is due and payable on july 20, 2021. the second is in an aggregate principal amount of $35.0, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.45% per annum, and is due and payable on july 20, 2022. the third is in an aggregate principal amount of $60.0, bears interest at a fixed rate of 3.22% per annum, and is due and payable on march 1, 2024. our aggregate borrowing capacity under the credit facility is $700.0. our aggregate borrowing capacity under the master note agreement is $600.0; however, none of the institutional investors that are parties to that agreement are committed to purchase notes thereunder.
during periods of volatility and disruption in the united states credit markets, financing may become more costly and more difficult to obtain. although the credit market turmoil of 2008 and 2009 did not have a significant adverse impact on our liquidity or borrowing costs given our low level of indebtedness at that time, the availability of funds tightened and credit spreads on corporate debt increased. our indebtedness has increased since 2009 and we have the capacity under our credit facility and master note agreement to increase borrowings in the future. if credit market volatility were to return, the cost of servicing our existing debt could increase due to the libor-based interest rate provided for under our credit facility. in addition, borrowing additional amounts to finance stock purchases, dividends, capital expenditures, and other liquidity needs or to refinance our existing indebtedness could be difficult and the cost of doing so could be high.
investment risk there can be no assurance that our stock price will continue to reflect the current multiple of earnings over time. stock prices, including ours, are commonly thought to be a function of earnings multiplied by a multiple. historically, investors have given our earnings a higher multiple, or premium, than is typical of the broader industrial sector of which we are typically associated. we believe we have earned this premium by virtue of a long history of superior growth, profitability, and returns. however, to the extent that we fail to successfully execute our growth strategies and/or poorly navigate the risks that surround our business, including those described throughout this section, or to the extent our industry (industrial distribution, or industrial stocks in general) loses favor in the marketplace, there can be no assurance that investors will continue to afford a premium multiple to our earnings which could adversely affect our stock price.
we cannot provide any guaranty of future dividend payments or that we will continue to purchase shares of our common stock pursuant to our share purchase program. although our board of directors has historically authorized the payment of quarterly cash dividends on our common stock and indicated an intention to do so in the future, there are no assurances that we will continue to pay dividends in the future or continue to increase dividends at historic rates. in addition, although our board of directors has authorized share purchase programs and we purchased shares in 2018, 2017, and prior years through these programs, we may discontinue doing so at any time. any decision to continue to pay quarterly dividends on our common stock, to increase those dividends, or to purchase our common stock in the future will be based upon our financial condition and results of operations, the price of our common stock, credit conditions, and such other factors as are deemed relevant by our board of directors.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following is management's discussion and analysis of certain significant factors which have affected our financial position and operating results during the periods included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
business and operational overview fastenal is a north american leader in the wholesale distribution of industrial and construction supplies. we distribute these supplies through a network of over 3,200 in-market locations. most of our customers are in the manufacturing and non-residential construction markets. the manufacturing market includes both oem and mro customers. the non-residential construction market includes general, electrical, plumbing, sheet metal, and road contractors. other users of our products include farmers, truckers, railroads, oil exploration companies, oil production and refinement companies, mining companies, federal, state, and local governmental entities, schools, and certain retail trades. geographically, our branches, onsite locations, and customers are primarily located in north america.
it is helpful to appreciate several aspects of our marketplace: (1) it's big. we estimate the north american marketplace for industrial supplies is in excess of $140 billion per year (and we have expanded beyond north america) and no company has a significant portion of this market. (2) many of the products we sell are individually inexpensive, but the cost and time to manage, procure, and transport these products can be quite meaningful. (3) purchasing professionals often expend disproportionate effort managing the high sku count of low-volume, low value mro supplies which is better allocated to their higher volume, higher value oem supplies. (4) many customers prefer to reduce their number of suppliers to simplify their business, while also utilizing various technologies and models (including our local branches when they need something quickly or unexpectedly) to improve availability and reduce waste. (5) we believe the markets are efficient. to us, this means we can grow our market share if we provide the greatest value to our customer.
our approach to addressing these aspects of our marketplace is captured in our motto growth through customer service. the concept of growth is simple: find more customers every day and increase our activity with them. however, execution is hard work. first, we recruit service-minded individuals to support our customers and their business. second, we operate in a decentralized fashion to help identify the greatest value for our customers. third, we have a great team behind our customer-facing resources to operate efficiently and to help identify new business solutions. fourth, we strive to generate strong profits, which produce the cash flow necessary to fund our growth and to support the needs of our customers. lastly, we identify drivers that allow us to get closer to our customers and gain market share.
we believe our ability to grow is amplified if we can serve our customers at the closest economic point of contact. at one point, the closest economic point of contact was the local branch. today, in some cases, we have moved the branch inside the customer's facility. we also are frequently positioned right at the point of consumption within customers' facilities through our industrial vending or fmi capabilities. therefore, our focus centers on understanding our customers' day, their opportunities, and their obstacles. by doing these things every day, fastenal remains a growth-centric organization.
executive overview net sales increased $368.6, or 7.4%, in 2019 relative to 2018. our gross profit as a percentage of net sales declined to 47.2% in 2019 from 48.3% in 2018. our operating income as a percentage of net sales declined to 19.8% in 2019 from 20.1% in 2018.
our net earnings in 2019 were $790.9, an increase of 5.2% when compared to 2018. our diluted net earnings per share were $1.38 in 2019 compared to $1.31 in 2018, an increase of 5.2%. discrete tax items benefited net earnings by $7.1 in 2018.
we continued to focus on our growth drivers in 2019. daily sales to our national account customers (defined as customer accounts with a multi-site contract) grew 11.9% in the period. additionally, we signed 362 new onsite customer locations (defined as dedicated sales and service provided from within, or in close proximity to, the customer's facility) and 21,857 new industrial vending devices. we experienced sales growth in the mid-teens through both our vending devices and our onsite locations (excluding sales transferred from a branch).
the table below summarizes our total employee headcount, our investments in in-market locations (defined as the sum of the total number of public branch locations and the total number of active onsite locations), and industrial vending devices at the end of the periods presented and the percentage change compared to the end of the prior period.
number of active onsite locations                             1,114         894                           24.6            %
during the last twelve months, we reduced our absolute employee headcount by 38 people in our in-market locations and increased by 304 people in total. the reduction in our absolute employee headcount in our in-market locations reflects actions taken by leadership in our public branches over the past couple of quarters to control expenses in response to weaker demand, which was only partly offset by increases to support growth in our number of onsite locations. the increase in our total absolute employee headcount is mostly from additions we have made to support customer acquisition, implementation, and growth in the field, particularly as it relates to our growth drivers and to support general corporate and hub functions.
we opened twelve branches and closed 125 branches, net of conversions, in 2019. we activated 312 onsite locations and closed 92, net of conversions, in 2019. the number of closings reflects both normal churn in our business, whether due to exiting customer relationships, the shutting or relocation of a customer facility, or a customer decision, as well as a review of certain underperforming locations. our in-market network forms the foundation of our business strategy, and we will continue to open or close locations as is deemed necessary to sustain and improve our network, support our growth drivers, and manage our operating expenses.
gross profit                                                   47.2   %        48.3   %        49.3   %
net sales note - daily sales are defined as the total net sales for the period divided by the number of business days (in the united states) in the period. the table below sets forth net sales and daily sales for the periods ended december 31, and changes in such sales from the prior period to the more recent period:
daily sales impact of acquisitions                    0.1   %            0.4   %            1.0   %
the increases in net sales noted above for both 2019 and 2018 were a result of higher unit sales and, to a lesser degree, higher prices. higher product prices were realized throughout 2019 and 2018 as a result of actions (beginning initially in late 2017) taken to offset increases in product costs, and we believe these increases contributed 0.9% to 1.0% and 0.7% to 0.8% to sales growth during 2019 and 2018, respectively. the increase in net sales for 2017 was driven primarily by higher unit sales. price increases were not a material factor in 2017.
the higher unit sales in 2019 and 2018 resulted primarily from two sources. the first is higher underlying market demand, which we believe is reflected in a number of metrics. for instance, the u.s. purchasing managers index, published by the institute for supply chain management, averaged 51.2 in 2019 and 58.8 in 2018. readings above 50 are indicative of growing demand, and we believe these levels are consistent with the sales growth rates we experienced in the respective periods. in addition, u.s. industrial production, which is published by the federal reserve, increased 0.8% in 2019 and increased 3.9% in 2018. we believe u.s. industrial production is a good proxy for the state of our marketplace and that the growth in this metric is consistent with the sales growth rates we experienced in the respective periods. this was reflected as well in daily sales of fasteners, our most cyclical product line, which grew 5.5% and 11.2% in 2019 and 2018, respectively. we also experienced growth in sales to 75 of our top 100 customers in 2019, which compares to growth in sales to 84 of our top 100 customers in 2018.
another explanation for our results is that while underlying demand throughout 2018 was stable at high levels, underlying demand in 2019 began strong but weakened throughout the year. for instance, the u.s. purchasing managers index averaged 55.4 in the first quarter of 2019 but averaged 47.9 in the fourth quarter of 2019. in addition, u.s. industrial production increased 2.9% in the first quarter of 2019 but decreased 0.9% in the fourth quarter of 2019. the slowing in these metrics from the start to the end of 2019 mirrors the slowing growth we experienced in our unit sales over the same period.
a relatively greater contributor to our growth in 2019 was the success of our growth initiatives. we signed 21,857 industrial vending devices during 2019. while this represented a slight decrease in signings of 1.0% from 2018, it also contributed to growth in our installed base to 89,937 vending devices at the end of 2019, an increase of 10.8% over 2018. growth in our installed base was primarily responsible for sales growth through our vending devices in the mid-teens during 2019. we signed 362 new onsite locations in 2019, an increase of 7.7% over 2018, and had 1,114 active sites on december 31, 2019, an increase of 24.6% over december 31, 2018. growth in our number of active sites was primarily responsible for sales growth through our onsites in the mid-teens during 2019. the contribution of new national account contracts and strong penetration of existing national account customers resulted in daily sales from our national account customers growing 11.9% in 2019 compared to 2018.
we signed 22,073 industrial vending devices during 2018, an increase of 14.0% over 2017. in addition to an increase in our installed base, we achieved a low-single digit increase in average sales per device. these variables combined to generate sales growth through our vending devices in excess of 20% in 2018. we signed 336 new onsite locations in 2018, an increase of 24.4% over 2017, and had 894 active sites on december 31, 2018, an increase of 47.8% over december 31, 2017. we signed 152 new national account contracts in 2018. the contribution of these new contracts and strong penetration of existing national account customers resulted in daily sales from our national account customers growing 18.1% in 2018 compared to 2017.
we signed 19,355 industrial vending devices during 2017, an increase of 7.2% over 2016. in addition to an increase in our installed base, we were also more efficient with the existing base, resulting in a modest increase in average sales per device and a decrease in our device removals of 3.8%. combined sales through our vending devices accelerated throughout 2017, finishing with growth in the high teens. we signed 270 new onsite locations in 2017, an increase of 53.4% over 2016, and had 605 active sites on december 31, 2017, an increase of 50.9% over december 31, 2016. we signed 168 new national account contracts in
the decrease in our fastener sales as a percentage of total sales arises from two factors. first, we believe non-fastener products represent a larger market opportunity than fasteners, and that we are relatively under-represented in this market. over time, this has led to faster growth in the non-fastener product lines, a trend amplified by the growth of our industrial vending program through which we sell primarily non-fastener products. we believe this factor impacted each year shown and will continue to promote a lower mix of fasteners in our total sales over time. second, a weak industrial production environment has a disproportionately negative effect on fastener sales, particularly oem fasteners sales, relative to non-fastener sales (which relates more to plant operations than production). this weakness is more of a cyclical factor than a structural one, and as such was relevant in 2019, but not in 2018 or 2017 when a better economic environment at least partially mitigated the first factor discussed.
annual sales changes, sequential trends, and end market performance this section focuses on three distinct views of our business - annual sales changes by month, sequential trends, and end market performance. the first discussion regarding sales changes by month provides a good mechanical view of our business. the second discussion provides a framework for understanding the sequential trends (that is, comparing a month to the immediately preceding month, and also looking at the cumulative change from an earlier benchmark month) in our business. finally, we believe the third discussion regarding end market performance provides insight into activities with our various types of customers.
sequential trends we find it helpful to think about the monthly sequential changes in our business using the analogy of climbing a stairway - this stairway has several predictable landings where there is a pause in the sequential gain (i.e. april, july, and october to december), but generally speaking, climbs from january to october. the october landing then establishes the benchmark for the start of the next year.
history has identified these landings in our business cycle. they generally relate to months where certain holidays impair business days and/or seasons impact certain end markets, particularly non-residential construction. the first landing centers on easter and the good friday holiday that precedes it, which alternates between march and april (good friday occurred in april 2019, march 2018, and april 2017, and will fall in april in 2020), the second landing centers on july 4th, and the third landing centers on the approach of winter with its seasonal impact on primarily our non-residential construction business and with the christmas/new year holidays. the holidays we noted impact the trends because they either move from month-to-month or because they move around during the week.
it is important to note that these benchmarks are historical averages. in a year where demand is strong, our daily sales growth rates will tend to have more months that exceed the benchmark than fall below it. in a year where demand is weak, we will tend to have more months that fall short of the benchmark than exceed it. in both cases, there is a random element that makes it difficult to know how any single month will perform.
a graph of the sequential daily sales change patterns discussed above, starting with a base of '100' in the previous october and ending with the next october, would be as follows:
end market performance the sequential trends noted above were directly linked to fluctuations in our end markets. to place this in perspective - we estimate approximately 65% of our business has historically been with customers engaged in some type of manufacturing, a significant subset of which finds its way into the heavy equipment market. the daily sales growth rates to these manufacturing customers, when compared to the same period in the prior year, were as follows(1):
our manufacturing business consists of two subsets: the industrial production business (this is business where we supply products that become part of the finished goods produced by our customers and is sometimes referred to as oem - original equipment manufacturing) and the maintenance portion (this is business where we supply products that maintain the facility or the equipment of our customers engaged in manufacturing and is sometimes referred to as mro - maintenance, repair, and operations). the industrial business is more fastener centered, while the maintenance portion is represented by all product categories.
the best way to understand the change in our industrial production business is to examine the results in our fastener product line (approximately 35% of our business) which is heavily influenced by changes in our business with heavy equipment manufacturers. from a company perspective, daily sales growth rates of fasteners, when compared to the same period in the prior year, were as follows (note: this information includes all end markets):
our non-residential construction and reseller business is heavily influenced by the manufacturing economy as well as infrastructure spending. in 2019, the slowing production environment, as described above, and the accompanying worsening trends for commodities, caused the growth in our non-residential construction and reseller customers to slow. in 2018 and 2017, improving trends for commodities such as metals and energy, industrial capital spending, and the state of the broader economy contributed to an improvement in growth for these end markets.
gross profit the gross profit percentage during each period was as follows:
our gross profit, as a percentage of net sales, was 47.2% in 2019 and 48.3% in 2018. the gross profit percentage for 2019 declined by 110 basis points based on three items. (1) a change in product and customer mix. fasteners are our largest and highest gross profit margin product line due to the high transaction cost surrounding the sourcing and supply of the product for customers. our fastener product line declined to 34.2% of sales in 2019 from 34.9% of sales in 2018. larger customers (for which national accounts are a good proxy), whose more focused buying patterns allow us to offer them better pricing, also influence the gross profit margin. sales to our national account customers increased to 53.6% in 2019 from 50.7% of sales in 2018. the combination of relatively slower growth in our fastener product line and relatively faster growth in sales to our largest customers contributed to the decline in our overall gross profit margin in 2019. (2) we operate our own fleet of trucks for moving product between suppliers, our distribution centers, and our in-market locations. we believe this provides us a competitive advantage in terms of our ability to move product efficiently and quickly. there is a cost to supporting and maintaining these assets, which we traditionally attempt to minimize by charging freight. during periods of weaker business conditions it can be more difficult to charge freight, and as a result our freight revenues were down in 2019. at the same time, the overall cost of our fleet assets is relatively stable, resulting in reduced absorption of our fixed costs. (3) we experienced an increase in the cost of our products due to generalized inflation and tariffs resulting from disputes between the united states and its trade partners. we implemented several actions to mitigate the impact of these cost increases in 2019, including price increases. for the full year, the net impact of these actions was minor. however, the impact through the year differed, with a larger negative impact on the gross profit percentage in the first half of 2019 and a relatively modest impact in the second half of 2019.
during 2018 and 2017, our gross profit, as a percentage of net sales, decreased when compared to the prior year. in each year, the decrease was primarily caused by the changes in product and customer mix noted above and rising freight expense as a result of costs related to transporting products, particularly shipping fees, driver wages, and fuel. in 2018, our gross profit percentage was also affected by rising product costs as a result of generalized inflation and tariffs. in 2017, our gross profit percentage was also affected by the acquisition of mansco, the customer mix of which is more heavily oriented toward larger customers and its product mix tends to carry a lower gross profit product mix than the company's other products.
employee-related expenses include: (1) payroll (which includes cash compensation, stock option expense, and profit sharing), (2) health care, (3) personnel development, and (4) social taxes. our employee-related expenses increased in 2019. this was related to: (1) an increase in full-time equivalent ('fte') headcount related to efforts to support growth in our business, (2) higher performance bonuses and commissions due to growth in net sales and net earnings, (3) an increase in our profit sharing contribution and options awards, (4) increases in hourly base wages, and (5) increased health care costs. the increase in 2018, when compared to 2017, was related to: (1) an increase in fte headcount related to efforts to support growth in our business, (2) higher performance bonuses and commissions due to growth in net sales and net earnings, (3) an increase in our profit sharing contribution, (4) increases in hourly base wages, and (5) increased health care costs. the increase in 2017, when compared to 2016, was related to: (1) an increase in fte headcount related to efforts to support growth in our business, (2) higher performance bonuses and commissions due to growth in net sales and net earnings, as well as regulatory driven incremental compensation, (3) an increase in our profit sharing contribution and options awards, (4) increased health care costs, and (5) the inclusion of mansco personnel.
occupancy-related expenses include: (1) building rent and depreciation, (2) building utility costs, (3) equipment related to our branches and distribution locations, and (4) industrial vending equipment (we consider the vending equipment, excluding leased locker equipment, to be a logical extension of our in-market operations and classify the depreciation and repair costs as occupancy expense). the increase in occupancy-related expenses in 2019, when compared to 2018, was mainly driven by increases related to industrial vending equipment. the increase in occupancy-related expenses in 2018, when compared to 2017 was mainly driven by increases related to industrial vending equipment and non-branch occupancy and utility costs, only partly offset by a slight decline in branch occupancy costs from a lower public branch count. the slight increase in 2017, when compared to 2016, was mainly driven by increases in costs related to industrial vending equipment, fmi bins, and automation equipment at our distribution centers. the most significant components of our occupancy-related expenses, facility costs and utility expenses, were mostly flat in 2017, when compared to 2016 due to a reduction in our number of public branches.
all other operating and administrative expenses include: (1) selling-related transportation, (2) information technology (it) expenses, (3) general corporate expenses, which consists of legal expenses, general insurance expenses, travel and marketing expenses, etc., and (4) the gain on sales of property and equipment. combined, all other operating and administrative expenses increased in 2019 when compared to 2018. this was primarily due to higher it spending. the increase in 2018 when compared to 2017, was due to an increase in selling-related transportation expenses, consisting of both higher vehicle movement and fuel costs, as well as higher it spending. general corporate expenses were slightly down. the increase in 2017 when compared to 2016, was driven by increases in selling-related transportation, including higher vehicle movement and fuel costs, it spending, and general corporate expenses.
income taxes we recorded income tax expense of $252.8 in 2019, or 24.2% of earnings before income taxes. our income tax expense was reduced by $2.6 as a result of applying guideline clarifications issued by the irs on certain aspects of tax reform as well as tax benefits associated with the exercise of stock options. this reduced our tax rate in the period by 30 basis points.
we recorded income tax expense of $235.1 in 2018, or 23.8% of earnings before income taxes. the effective income tax rate was significantly impacted by the following two items: (1) the lower corporate tax rate provided by the tax act resulted in a lower tax rate beginning in the first quarter of 2018. the effective income tax rate includes the immaterial impact of the u.s. tax on certain offshore earnings referred to as global intangible low-taxed income (gilti), a new deduction for foreign derived intangible income (fdii), and the new alternative u.s. tax on certain base erosion anti-avoidance (beat) payments from a u.s. company to any foreign related party. (2) discrete income tax items to adjust our transition tax liability, reflect the impacts of accelerating depreciation for certain physical assets, and remeasure the impact of the u.s. tax rate on certain inter-company transactions. these discrete items resulted in approximately $7.1 of income tax benefit during 2018. the accounting for the income tax effects of the tax act is complete as of december 31, 2018.
we recorded a provisional income tax expense of $294.5 in 2017, or 33.7% of earnings before income taxes. this amount reflects a provisional estimate for the reduction in our deferred income tax liabilities of $30.8 as a result of the income tax rate decrease included in the tax act, partially offset by an estimated increase in income tax payable in the amount of $6.5 as a result of the transition tax on cash and cash equivalent balances related to accumulated earnings associated with our international operations, also included in the tax act. the decrease in our income tax rate from 2016 to 2017 was also related to changes in our reserve for uncertain tax positions and the adoption of the financial accounting standards board ('fasb') accounting standard update ('asu') 2016-09, improvements to employee share-based payment accounting, in the first quarter of 2017.
(1) as a result of the tax act, discrete tax items benefited our net earnings by $7.1 during 2018.
during 2019, net earnings increased, primarily due to stronger sales and operating profits, and were only partly offset by an increase in income tax expense. during 2018, net earnings increased, primarily due to stronger sales and operating profits combined with a reduction in income tax expense. the increase in basic and diluted earnings per share also reflected the purchase of our shares of common stock in 2018. during 2017, net earnings increased, primarily due to stronger sales and operating profits combined with a reduction in income tax expense. the slightly higher increase in basic and diluted earnings per share was primarily due to the purchase of our shares of common stock in 2017.
liquidity and capital resources net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities in dollars and as a percentage of net earnings were as follows:
in 2019, the increase in our operating cash flow as a percentage of net earnings reflects a reduced drag from working capital investment than was experienced in 2018 and, to a lesser degree, higher net income. in 2018, the increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to our net earnings growth, which resulted from pre-tax earnings growth and a lower tax rate as a result of the tax act. the decline in our operating cash flow as a percentage of net earnings largely reflects working capital trends, as further described below. in 2017, the increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to our net earnings growth.
operational working capital assets operational working capital assets, which we define as accounts receivable, net and inventories, is highlighted below. the annual dollar change and the annual percentage change were as follows:
operational working capital assets      $115.2         292.2
operational working capital assets         5.8   %      17.2   %
in 2019, the annual growth in net accounts receivable reflects not only our growth in sales, but also the fact that our growth is being driven disproportionately by our national accounts program where our customers tend to have longer payment terms than our customer base as a whole. growth was also relatively stronger with customers outside the u.s., which similarly tend to have longer payment terms than our customer base as a whole. the rate of growth in receivables did slow throughout 2019, largely reflecting the impact on receivables of softer business activity. in 2018, the annual growth in net accounts receivable reflects accelerating growth in sales throughout the course of the year combined with relatively stronger growth of our national accounts and international business. in addition, two trends emerged among our customer base that increased our net accounts receivable. the first was a push from our customers to contractually increase the period between when they are invoiced and when payment is due. the second was customers delaying payments beyond the end of the applicable quarter. we saw these behaviors intensify throughout 2018.
our inventory balances over time will respond to business activity, though various factors produce a looser relationship to our monthly sales patterns than we tend to experience in accounts receivable. one reason for this is cyclical. we source significant quantities of product from overseas, and the lead time involved in procuring these products is typically longer than the visibility we have into future monthly sales patterns. as a result, trends in our inventory will often lag trends in economic conditions. another reason inventories may fluctuate independently of monthly sales patterns is based on strategic decisions. for instance, at various times we have increased our relative inventory levels to enhance product breadth and availability in our branches and distribution centers, expand direct sourcing, and broaden fastenal brands. our growth drivers, including industrial vending solutions, national accounts, and onsite and international locations, have also required significant investments in inventory. in 2019, our inventories increased to support higher sales, largely reflecting large increases in the number of installed vending devices and active onsite locations, and from inflation and tariffs. we intend to continue to invest in the inventory necessary to support our vending and onsite initiatives. however, over the course of the year we did reduce other spending, both reflecting proactive efforts to reduce inventory and in reaction to the effect of softer business activity, which allowed us to meaningfully decelerate inventory growth in the fourth quarter of 2019. in 2018, our inventories increased as a result of growth in general demand and successful execution of our growth drivers. inflation had an increasing impact in the second half of 2018, and our decision to accelerate shipments of product to the u.s. from overseas ahead of potential tariffs resulted in extra inventory of approximately $12.0 in the fourth quarter of 2018.
net cash used in investing activities net cash used in investing activities in dollars and as a percentage of net earnings were as follows:
the changes in net cash used in investing activities were primarily related to changes in our net capital expenditures as discussed below for each period and cash paid for acquisitions in 2017.
property and equipment expenditures typically consist primarily of: (1) purchases related to industrial vending, (2) purchases of property and equipment related to expansion of and enhancements to distribution centers, (3) spending on software and hardware for our information processing systems, (4) the addition of fleet vehicles, (5) expansion, improvement or investment in certain owned or leased branch properties, and (6) the addition of manufacturing and warehouse equipment. disposals of property and equipment consisted of the planned disposition of certain pick-up trucks, distribution vehicles, and trailers in the normal course of business.
set forth below is a recap of our 2019, 2018, and 2017 net capital expenditures in dollars and as a percentage of net sales and net earnings:
manufacturing, warehouse and packaging equipment, industrial vending equipment, and facilities                            172.7           110.7            66.2
net capital expenditures                                                                                                  239.8           166.8           112.5
our net capital expenditures increased in 2019, when compared to 2018, primarily due to increased spending on hub property and equipment, both to expand current capacity and for potential future expansion, higher spending on vending devices to support the growth of our industrial vending program, and investment in our trucking assets. while the sources of the increase in our net capital spending in 2019 were expected, our total spend exceeded our targeted range of $195.0 to $225.0. we had significant spending in 2019 on facilities, with a couple of locations having higher costs than originally anticipated. our net capital expenditures increased in 2018, when compared to 2017, primarily due to increased spending on hub property and equipment, both to expand current capacity and for potential future expansion, as well as vending devices to support the growth of our industrial vending program. our net capital expenditures decreased in 2017, when compared to 2016, primarily due to lower spending in 2017 related to the absence of spending on vending equipment that occurred in 2016 related to the leased locker rollout, the absence of spending on shelving and signage that occurred in 2016 for the csp 16 initiative, and timing associated with the addition of pick-up trucks.
we expect our net capital expenditures in 2020 to be within a range of $180.0 to $205.0. this decrease from 2019 is primarily attributable to reduced projects to develop and expand certain distribution center assets and, to a lesser degree, reduced fleet vehicle investment. we anticipate funding our capital expenditure needs with cash generated from operations, from available cash and cash equivalents, and from our borrowing capacity.
net cash used in financing activities net cash used in financing activities in dollars and as a percentage of net earnings were as follows:
the fluctuations in net cash used in financing activities are due to changes in the level of our dividend payments and in the level of common stock purchases. these amounts were partially offset by the exercise of stock options and net payments (proceeds) from debt obligations. these items in dollars and as a percentage of earnings were as follows:
debt in order to fund the considerable cash needed to expand our industrial vending business, to expand capacity and increase the use of automation in our distribution centers, pay dividends, and to purchase our common stock in 2018, we have borrowed under our credit facility and our master note agreement in recent periods.
our borrowings under the credit facility peaked during each quarter of 2019 and 2018 as follows:
as of december 31, 2019, we had loans outstanding under the credit facility of $210.0 and contingent obligations from letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility in an aggregate face amount of $36.3. as of december 31, 2019, we also had loans outstanding under the master note agreement of $135.0. descriptions of our credit facility and master note agreement are contained in note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
unremitted foreign earnings approximately $122.7 of cash and cash equivalents are held by non-u.s. subsidiaries. these funds may create foreign currency translation gains or losses depending on the functional currency of the entity holding the cash. we have considered the financial requirements of each foreign subsidiary and our parent company and will continue to reinvest these funds to support our expansion activities outside the u.s., even after taking into consideration the deemed repatriation and transition tax under the tax act. the income tax impact of repatriating cash associated with investments in foreign subsidiaries is discussed in note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
effects of inflation we experienced higher product costs through 2019 relative to 2018 as a result of generalized inflation and tariffs, though the impact of these items did moderate later in the year as economic activity slowed and conditions around trade stabilized. we took actions during the year to mitigate the effects of higher product costs, including increasing product prices. these actions were not able to offset the pressure we experienced on our gross profit percentage in the first half of 2019, but were more effective at doing so in the second half of 2019. throughout 2018, we experienced increasing product cost inflation for non-fastener and, especially, fastener products. we took actions in the latter part of 2017 and throughout 2018, including pricing adjustments, to offset this inflation. while we succeeded in raising prices through the year, we were not able to do so at the same rate that our costs rose which negatively affected our profit margins and earnings in 2018. apart from generalized inflation, tariffs were instituted on certain products that we source from china, but this occurred later in the year and did not have a meaningful impact on sales or profits in 2018. throughout 2017, we experienced increasing product cost inflation, particularly in our fastener products. we were able to take actions during the period, including pricing adjustments, to mostly offset this inflation. in the aggregate, the overall impact of inflation and pricing on sales and profits was not material in 2017.
critical accounting policies and estimates in preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap, we must make decisions that impact the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosures. such decisions include the selection of the appropriate accounting principles to be applied and the assumptions on which to base accounting estimates. in reaching such decisions, we apply judgments based on our understanding and analysis of relevant circumstances, historical experience, and actuarial valuations. actual amounts could differ from those estimated at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared.
our most significant accounting policies, including revenue recognition and inventories, are described in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. some of those significant accounting policies require us to make difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, or estimates. an accounting estimate is considered to be critical if it meets both of the following criteria: (i) the estimate requires assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate is made, and (ii) different estimates reasonably could have been used, or changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period may have a material impact on the presentation of our financial condition, changes in financial condition, or results of operations. our most critical accounting estimates include the following:
allowance for doubtful accounts - this reserve is for accounts receivable balances that are potentially uncollectible. the reserve is based on an analysis of customer accounts and our historical experience with accounts receivable write-offs. our methodology for estimating this reserve includes ongoing reviews of the aging of accounts receivable, the financial condition of a customer or industry, and general economic conditions. if business or economic conditions change, our estimates and assumptions may be adjusted as deemed appropriate. historically, actual required reserves have not varied materially from estimated amounts.
inventory obsolescence reserves - these reserves are based on an analysis of inventory trends including reviews of inventory levels, sales information, and the on-hand quantities relative to the sales history for the product. our methodology for estimating these reserves is continually evaluated for factors that could require changes to the reserves including significant changes in product demand, market conditions, condition of the inventory, or liquidation value. if business or economic conditions change, our estimates and assumptions may be adjusted as deemed appropriate. historically, actual required reserves have not varied materially from estimated amounts.
general insurance reserves - these reserves are for general claims related to workers' compensation, property and casualty losses, and other general liability self-insured losses. the reserves are based on an analysis of reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported related to our historical claim trends. we perform ongoing reviews of our insured and uninsured risks and use this information to establish appropriate reserve levels. we analyze historical trends, claims experience, and loss development patterns to ensure the appropriate loss development factors are applied to the incurred costs associated with the claims made. historically, actual required reserves have not varied materially from estimated amounts.
geographic information information regarding our revenues and long-lived assets by geographic area is contained in note 2 and note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. risks related to our foreign operations are described earlier in this form 10-k under the heading 'forward-looking statements' and 'item 1a. risk factors'.
certain contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019, we had outstanding long-term debt and facilities, equipment, and vehicles leased under operating leases. our future obligations to pay principal of and interest on such long-term debt and to make minimum lease payments under such operating leases are as follows:
(1) interest on the long-term debt outstanding under our credit facility was calculated using the interest rates and balances at december 31, 2019.
(2) amounts include lease liabilities for pick-up truck leases, which typically have a non-cancelable lease term of less than one year and are not included on the consolidated balance sheets as an operating lease right-of-use asset.
purchase orders and contracts for the purchase of inventory and other goods and services are not included in the table above. our purchase orders are based on current distribution needs and are fulfilled by our suppliers within short time horizons. we do not have significant agreements for the purchase of inventory or other goods or services specifying minimum order quantities.
liabilities for uncertain tax positions have been excluded from the table above due to the uncertainty surrounding the ultimate settlement and timing of these liabilities, which we believe will be immaterial. a discussion of income taxes is contained in note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.