item 1a: risk factors huntington has formalized a holistic risk governance framework in alignment with the size, complexity, and profile of the company. we, like other financial companies, are subject to a number of risks that may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations, many of which are outside of our direct control. our framework is approved by the risk oversight committee (roc) of the huntington's board of directors (the board). key components include establishing our risk appetite, line of defense and risk pillars, governance and committee oversight and limit setting and escalation processes. huntington classifies/aggregates risk into seven risk pillars. huntington recognizes that risks can be interrelated or embedded within each other, and therefore managing across risk pillars is a key component of the framework. the following defines the company's risk pillars.
•   credit risk, which is the risk of loss due to loan and lease customers or other counterparties not being able to meet their financial obligations under agreed upon terms;
•   market risk, which occurs when fluctuations in interest rates impact earnings and capital. financial impacts are realized through changes in the interest rates of balance sheet assets and liabilities (net interest margin) or directly through valuation changes of capitalized msr and/or trading assets (noninterest income);
•   liquidity risk, which is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from an inability to meet obligations when they come due. liquidity risk includes the inability to access funding sources or manage fluctuations in funding levels. liquidity risk also results from the failure to recognize or address changes in market conditions that affect our ability to liquidate assets quickly and with minimal loss in value;
•   operational risk, which is the risk of loss arising from inadequate or failed internal processes or systems, including information security breaches or cyberattacks, human errors or misconduct, or adverse external events. operational losses result from internal fraud, external fraud, inadequate or inappropriate employment practices and workplace safety, failure to meet professional obligations involving customers, products, and business practices, damage to physical assets, business disruption and systems failures, and failures in execution, delivery, and process management;
•   compliance risk, which exposes us to money penalties, enforcement actions, or other sanctions as a result of non-conformance with laws, rules, and regulations that apply to the financial services industry;
•   strategic risk, which is defined as risk to current or anticipated earnings, capital, or enterprise value arising from adverse business decisions, improper implementation of business decisions or lack of responsiveness to industry / market changes; and
•   reputation risk, which is the risk that negative publicity regarding an institution's business practices, whether true or not, will cause a decline in the customer base, costly litigation, or revenue reductions.
in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference into this report, readers should carefully consider that the following important factors, among others, could negatively impact our business, future results of operations, and future cash flows materially.
credit risks:
our acl level may prove to not be adequate or be negatively affected by credit risk exposures which could adversely affect our net income and capital.
our business depends on the creditworthiness of our customers. our acl of $887 million at december 31, 2019, represented management's estimate of probable losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio (alll) as well as our unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit (aulc). we regularly review our acl for appropriateness. in doing so, we consider economic conditions and trends, collateral values, and credit quality indicators, such as past charge-off experience, levels of past due loans, and npas. there is no certainty that our acl will be appropriate over time to cover losses in the portfolio because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy, market conditions, or events adversely affecting specific customers, industries, or markets. if the credit quality of our customer base materially decreases, if the risk profile of a market, industry, or group of customers changes materially, or if the acl is not appropriate, our net income and capital could be materially adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
2019 form 10-k in addition, regulatory review of risk ratings and loan and lease losses may impact the level of the acl and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
furthermore, in june 2016, the fasb issued a new cecl accounting rule, which requires banks to record, at the time of origination, credit losses expected throughout the life of the asset on loans and held-to-maturity securities, as opposed to the current practice of recording losses when it is probable that a loss event has occurred. we are required to adopt the cecl accounting rule in 2020 and will recognize a one-time cumulative effect adjustment to our acl and retained earnings as of january 1, 2020. the cecl model could materially affect how we determine our acl and report our financial condition and results of operations. for further discussion, see note 2 "accounting standards update" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
weakness in economic conditions could adversely affect our business.
our performance could be negatively affected to the extent there is deterioration in business and economic conditions which have direct or indirect material adverse impacts on us, our customers, and our counterparties. these conditions could result in one or more of the following:
•   a decrease in the demand for loans and other products and services offered by us;
•   a decrease in customer savings generally and in the demand for savings and investment products offered by us; and
•   an increase in the number of customers and counterparties who become delinquent, file for protection under bankruptcy laws, or default on their loans or other obligations to us.
an increase in the number of delinquencies, bankruptcies, or defaults could result in a higher level of npas, ncos, provision for credit losses, and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale. the markets we serve are dependent on industrial and manufacturing businesses and, thus, are particularly vulnerable to adverse changes in economic conditions affecting these sectors.
market risks:
changes in interest rates could reduce our net interest income, reduce transactional income, and negatively impact the value of our loans, securities, and other assets. this could have an adverse impact on our cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, and capital.
our results of operations depend substantially on net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on interest earning assets (such as investments and loans) and interest paid on interest bearing liabilities (such as deposits and borrowings). interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary policies and domestic and international economic and political conditions. conditions such as inflation, deflation, recession, unemployment, money supply, and other factors beyond our control may also affect interest rates. in addition, decisions by the federal reserve to increase or reduce the size of its balance sheet may also affect interest rates. if our interest earning assets mature or reprice faster than interest bearing liabilities in a declining interest rate environment, net interest income could be materially adversely impacted. likewise, if interest bearing liabilities mature or reprice more quickly than interest earning assets in a rising interest rate environment, net interest income could be adversely impacted.
changes in interest rates can affect the value of loans, securities, assets under management, and other assets, including mortgage servicing rights. an increase in interest rates that adversely affects the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans and leases may lead to an increase in npas and a reduction of income recognized, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. when we place a loan on nonaccrual status, we reverse any accrued but unpaid interest receivable, which decreases interest income. however, we continue to incur interest expense as a cost of funding nals without any corresponding interest income. in addition, transactional income, including trust income, brokerage income, and gain on sales of loans can vary significantly from period-to-period based on a number of factors, including the interest rate environment. a decline in interest rates along with a flattening yield curve limits our ability to reprice deposits given the current historically low level of interest rates and could result in declining net interest margins if longer duration assets reprice faster than deposits.
huntington bancshares incorporated rising interest rates reduce the value of our fixed-rate securities. any unrealized loss from these portfolios impacts oci, shareholders' equity, and the tangible common equity ratio. any realized loss from these portfolios impacts regulatory capital ratios. in a rising interest rate environment, pension and other post-retirement obligations somewhat mitigate negative oci impacts from securities and financial instruments. for more information, refer to "market risk" of the md&a.
certain investment securities, notably mortgage-backed securities, are sensitive to rising and falling rates. generally, when rates rise, prepayments of principal and interest will decrease and the duration of mortgage-backed securities will increase. conversely, when rates fall, prepayments of principal and interest will increase and the duration of mortgage-backed securities will decrease. in either case, interest rates have a significant impact on the value of mortgage-backed securities.
msr fair values are sensitive to movements in interest rates, as expected future net servicing income depends on the projected outstanding principal balances of the underlying loans, which can be reduced by prepayments. prepayments usually increase when mortgage interest rates decline and decrease when mortgage interest rates rise.
in addition to volatility associated with interest rates, the company also has exposure to equity markets related to the investments within the benefit plans and other income from client-based transactions.
industry competition may have an adverse effect on our success.
our profitability depends on our ability to compete successfully. we operate in a highly competitive environment, and we expect competition to intensify. certain of our competitors are larger and have more resources than we do, enabling them to be more aggressive than us in competing for loans and deposits. in our market areas, we face competition from other banks and financial service companies that offer similar services. some of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations we are and, therefore, may have greater flexibility in competing for business. technological advances have made it possible for our non-bank competitors to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products and for financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial solutions, including mobile payments, online deposit accounts, electronic payment processing, and marketplace lending, without having a physical presence where their customers are located. legislative or regulatory changes also could lead to increased competition in the financial services sector. for example, the economic growth act and the tailoring rules reduce the regulatory burden of certain large bhcs and raise the asset thresholds at which more onerous requirements apply, which could cause certain large bhcs to become more competitive or to more aggressively pursue expansion. our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including customer convenience, quality of service by investing in new products and services, electronic platforms, personal contacts, pricing, and range of products. if we are unable to successfully compete for new customers and retain our current customers, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely affected. in particular, if we experience an outflow of deposits as a result of our customers seeking investments with higher yields or greater financial stability, or a desire to do business with our competitors, we may be forced to rely more heavily on borrowings and other sources of funding to operate our business and meet withdrawal demands, thereby adversely affecting our net interest margin.  for more information, refer to "competition" section of item 1: business.
uncertainty about the future of libor may adversely affect our business.
libor and certain other interest rate "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international, and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. these reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. on july 27, 2017, the united kingdom's financial conduct authority, which regulates libor, publicly announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit information to the administrator of libor after 2021. the announcement indicates that the continuation of libor on the current basis cannot be guaranteed after 2021. while there is no consensus on what rate or rates may become accepted alternatives to libor, a group of market participants convened by the federal reserve, the alternative reference rate committee (arrc), has selected sofr as its recommended alternative to libor. the federal reserve bank of new york started to publish sofr in april 2018.  sofr is a broad measure of the cost of overnight borrowings collateralized by treasury securities that was selected by the alternative reference rate committee due to the depth and robustness of the u.s. treasury repurchase market. at this time, it
2019 form 10-k is impossible to predict whether sofr will become an accepted alternative to libor. in january of 2020, huntington was added as an arrc member.
the market transition away from libor to an alternative reference rate, such as sofr, is complex and could have a range of adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. in particular, any such transition could:
•   adversely affect the interest rates paid or received on, the revenue and expenses associated with or the value of huntington's libor-based assets and liabilities, which include certain variable rate loans, huntington's series b preferred stock, certain of huntington's junior subordinated debentures, certain of the bank's senior notes and certain other securities or financial arrangements;
•   adversely affect the interest rates paid or received on, the revenue and expenses associated with or the value of other securities or financial arrangements, given libor's role in determining market interest rates globally;
•   prompt inquiries or other actions from regulators in respect of huntington's preparation and readiness for the replacement of libor with an alternative reference rate; and
•   result in disputes, litigation or other actions with counterparties regarding the interpretation and enforceability of certain fallback language in libor-based contracts and securities.
the transition away from libor to an alternative reference rate will require the transition to or development of appropriate systems and analytics to effectively transition huntington's risk management and other processes from libor-based products to those based on the applicable alternative reference rate, such as sofr. huntington has developed a libor transition team and project plan that outlines timelines and priorities to prepare its processes, systems and people to support this transition. timelines and priorities include assessing the impact on our customers, as well as assessing system requirements for operational processes. there can be no guarantee that these efforts will successfully mitigate the operational risks associated with the transition away from libor to an alternative reference rate.
the manner and impact of the transition from libor to an alternative reference rate, as well as the effect of these developments on our funding costs, loan and investment and trading securities portfolios, asset-liability management, and business, is uncertain.
liquidity risks:
changes in either huntington's financial condition or in the general banking industry could result in a loss of depositor confidence.
liquidity is the ability to meet cash flow needs on a timely basis at a reasonable cost. the bank uses its liquidity to extend credit and to repay liabilities as they become due or as demanded by customers.
our primary source of liquidity is our large supply of deposits from consumer and commercial customers. the continued availability of this supply depends on customer willingness to maintain deposit balances with banks in general and us in particular. the availability of deposits can also be impacted by regulatory changes (e.g., changes in fdic insurance, the lcr, etc.), changes in the financial condition of huntington, other banks, or the banking industry in general, changes in the interest rates our competitors pay on their deposits, and other events which can impact the perceived safety or economic benefits of bank deposits. while we make significant efforts to consider and plan for hypothetical disruptions in our deposit funding, market related, geopolitical, or other events could impact the liquidity derived from deposits.
we are a holding company and depend on dividends by our subsidiaries for most of our funds.
huntington is an entity separate and distinct from the bank. the bank conducts most of our operations, and huntington depends upon dividends from the bank to service huntington's debt and to pay dividends to huntington's shareholders. the availability of dividends from the bank is limited by various statutes and regulations. it is possible, depending upon the financial condition including liquidity and capital adequacy of the bank and other factors, that the occ could limit the payment of dividends or other payments to huntington by the bank. in addition, the payment of dividends by our other subsidiaries is also subject to the laws of the subsidiary's state of incorporation, and regulatory capital and liquidity requirements applicable to such subsidiaries. in the event that the huntington bancshares incorporated bank was unable to pay dividends to us, we in turn would likely have to reduce or stop paying dividends on our preferred and common stock. our failure to pay dividends on our preferred and common stock could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our preferred and common stock. additional information regarding dividend restrictions is provided in item 1: business - regulatory matters.
if we lose access to capital markets, we may not be able to meet the cash flow requirements of our depositors, creditors, and borrowers, or have the operating cash needed to fund corporate expansion and other corporate activities.
wholesale funding sources include securitization, federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements, non-core deposits, and long-term debt.  the bank is also a member of the fhlb, which provides members access to funding through advances collateralized with mortgage-related assets.  we maintain a portfolio of highly-rated, marketable securities that is available as a source of liquidity.
capital markets disruptions can directly impact the liquidity of huntington and the bank.  the inability to access capital markets funding sources as needed could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and level of regulatory-qualifying capital.  we may, from time-to-time, consider using our existing liquidity position to opportunistically retire outstanding securities in privately negotiated or open market transactions.
a reduction in our credit rating could adversely affect our access to capital and could increase our cost of funds.
the credit rating agencies regularly evaluate huntington and the bank, and credit ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and ability to generate earnings, as well as factors not entirely within our control, including conditions affecting the financial services industry, the economy, and changes in rating methodologies. there can be no assurance that we will maintain our current credit ratings. a downgrade of the credit ratings of huntington or the bank could adversely affect our access to liquidity and capital, and could significantly increase our cost of funds, trigger additional collateral or funding requirements, and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend to us or purchase our securities. this could affect our growth, profitability, and financial condition, including liquidity.
operational risks:
our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could fail or be breached, which could disrupt our business and adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition, as well as cause legal or reputational harm.
the potential for operational risk exposure exists throughout our business and, as a result of our interactions with, and reliance on, third parties, is not limited to our own internal operational functions. our operational and security systems and infrastructure, including our computer systems, data management, and internal processes, as well as those of third parties, are integral to our performance. we rely on our employees and third parties in our day-to-day and ongoing operations, who may, as a result of human error, misconduct, malfeasance, failure, or breach of our or of third-party systems or infrastructure, expose us to risk. for example, our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by any significant disruptions to us or to third parties with whom we interact or upon whom we rely. our financial, accounting, data processing, backup, or other operating or security systems and infrastructure may fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, which could adversely affect our ability to process transactions or provide services. such events may include: sudden increases in customer transaction volume; electrical, telecommunications, or other major physical infrastructure outages; disease pandemics; cyber-attacks; and events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including wars and terrorist attacks. additional events beyond our control that could impact our business directly or indirectly include natural disasters such as earthquakes and weather events, including tornadoes, hurricanes and floods. neither the occurrence nor the potential impact of these events can be predicted, and the frequency and severity of weather events may be impacted by climate changes. in addition, we may need to take our systems off-line if they become infected with malware or a computer virus or as a result of another form of cyber-attack. in the event that backup systems are utilized, they may not process data as quickly as our primary systems and some data might not have been saved to backup systems, potentially resulting in a temporary or permanent loss of such data. in addition, our ability to implement backup
2019 form 10-k systems and other safeguards with respect to third-party systems is more limited than with respect to our own systems. we frequently update our systems to support our operations and growth and to remain compliant with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. this updating entails significant costs and creates risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones, including business interruptions. implementation and testing of controls related to our computer systems, security monitoring, and retaining and training personnel required to operate our systems also entail significant costs. operational risk exposures could adversely impact our operations, liquidity, and financial condition, as well as cause reputational harm. in addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a major interruption.
we face security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure.
our computer systems and network infrastructure and those of third parties, on which we are highly dependent, are subject to security risks and could be susceptible to cyber-attacks, such as denial of service attacks, hacking, terrorist activities, or identity theft. our business relies on the secure processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval of confidential, proprietary, and other information in our computer and data management systems and networks, and in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties. in addition, to access our network, products, and services, our customers and other third parties may use personal mobile devices or computing devices that are outside of our network environment and are subject to their own cybersecurity risks.
we, our customers, regulators, and other third parties, including other financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing, have been subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, cyber-attacks. these cyber-attacks include computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, phishing attacks, denial of service or information, ransomware, improper access by employees or vendors, attacks on personal email of employees, ransom demands to not expose security vulnerabilities in our systems or the systems of third parties or other security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss, or destruction of confidential, proprietary, and other information of ours, our employees, our customers, or of third parties, damage our systems or otherwise materially disrupt our or our customers' or other third parties' network access or business operations. as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. despite efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and implement controls, processes, policies, and other protective measures, we may not be able to anticipate all security breaches, nor may we be able to implement sufficient preventive measures against such security breaches, which may result in material losses or consequences for us.
cybersecurity risks for banking organizations have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, and the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. for example, cybersecurity risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase our mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings and expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications. in addition, cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years in part due to the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations, hostile foreign governments, disgruntled employees or vendors, activists, and other external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage. even the most advanced internal control environment may be vulnerable to compromise. due to increasing geopolitical tensions, nation state cyber attacks and ransomware are both increasing in sophistication and prevalence.  targeted social engineering and email attacks (i.e. "spear phishing" attacks) are becoming more sophisticated and are extremely difficult to prevent. in such an attack, an attacker will attempt to fraudulently induce colleagues, customers, or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to its data or that of its clients. persistent attackers may succeed in penetrating defenses given enough resources, time, and motive. the techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched, and may not be recognized until well after a breach has occurred. the speed at which new vulnerabilities are discovered and exploited often before security patches are published continues to rise.  the risk of a security breach caused by a cyber-attack at a vendor or by unauthorized vendor access has also increased in recent years. additionally, the existence of cyber-attacks or security breaches at third-party vendors with access to our data may huntington bancshares incorporated not be disclosed to us in a timely manner.
we also face indirect technology, cybersecurity, and operational risks relating to the customers, clients, and other third parties with whom we do business or upon whom we rely to facilitate or enable our business activities, including, for example, financial counterparties, regulators, and providers of critical infrastructure such as internet access and electrical power. as a result of increasing consolidation, interdependence, and complexity of financial entities and technology systems, a technology failure, cyber-attack, or other information or security breach that significantly degrades, deletes, or compromises the systems or data of one or more financial entities could have a material impact on counterparties or other market participants, including us. this consolidation, interconnectivity, and complexity increases the risk of operational failure, on both individual and industry-wide bases, as disparate systems need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis. any third-party technology failure, cyber-attack, or other information or security breach, termination, or constraint could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to effect transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk, or expand our business.
cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches, whether directed at us or third parties, may result in a material loss or have material consequences. furthermore, the public perception that a cyber-attack on our systems has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct, may damage our reputation with customers and third parties with whom we do business. hacking of personal information and identity theft risks, in particular, could cause serious reputational harm. a successful penetration or circumvention of system security could cause us serious negative consequences, including our loss of customers and business opportunities, costs associated with maintaining business relationships after an attack or breach; significant business disruption to our operations and business, misappropriation, exposure, or destruction of our confidential information, intellectual property, funds, and/or those of our customers; or damage to our or our customers' and/or third parties' computers or systems, and could result in a violation of applicable privacy laws and other laws, litigation exposure, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, loss of confidence in our security measures, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, additional compliance costs, and could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. in addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a cybersecurity event.
cybersecurity and data privacy are areas of heightened legislative and regulatory focus.
as cybersecurity and data privacy risks for banking organizations and the broader financial system have significantly increased in recent years, cybersecurity and data privacy issues have become the subject of increasing legislative and regulatory focus. the federal bank regulatory agencies have proposed regulations that would enhance cyber risk management standards, which would apply to a wide range of large financial institutions and their third-party service providers, including us and the bank, and would focus on cyber risk governance and management, management of internal and external dependencies, and incident response, cyber resilience, and situational awareness. several states have also proposed or adopted cybersecurity legislation and regulations, which require, among other things, notification to affected individuals when there has been a security breach of their personal data. for more information regarding cybersecurity and data privacy, refer to item 1: business - "regulatory matters".
we receive, maintain, and store non-public personal information of our customers and counterparties, including, but not limited to, personally identifiable information and personal financial information. the sharing, use, disclosure, and protection of these types of information are governed by federal and state law. both personally identifiable information and personal financial information are increasingly subject to legislation and regulation, the intent of which is to protect the privacy of personal information and personal financial information that is collected and handled. for example, in june of 2018, the governor of california signed into law the ccpa. the ccpa, which became effective on january 1, 2020, applies to for-profit businesses that conduct business in california and meet certain revenue or data collection thresholds. for more information regarding data privacy laws and regulations, refer to item 1: business - "regulatory matters".
we may become subject to new legislation or regulation concerning cybersecurity or the privacy of personally identifiable information and personal financial information or of any other information we may store or maintain. we could be adversely affected if new legislation or regulations are adopted or if existing legislation or regulations are modified such that we are required to alter our systems or require changes to our business practices or privacy
2019 form 10-k policies. if cybersecurity, data privacy, data protection, data transfer, or data retention laws are implemented, interpreted, or applied in a manner inconsistent with our current practices, we may be subject to fines, litigation, or regulatory enforcement actions or ordered to change our business practices, policies, or systems in a manner that adversely impacts our operating results.
we face significant operational risks which could lead to financial loss, expensive litigation, and loss of confidence by our customers, regulators, and capital markets.
we are exposed to many types of operational risks, including the risk of fraud or theft by colleagues or outsiders, unauthorized transactions by colleagues or outsiders, operational errors by colleagues, business disruption, and system failures. huntington executes against a significant number of controls, a large percent of which are manual and dependent on adequate execution by colleagues and third-party service providers. there is inherent risk that unknown single points of failure through the execution chain could give rise to material loss through inadvertent errors or malicious attack. these operational risks could lead to financial loss, expensive litigation, and loss of confidence by our customers, regulators, and the capital markets.
moreover, negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including clients, products, and business practices; corporate governance; acquisitions; and from actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. negative public opinion can adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers and can also expose us to litigation and regulatory action.
relative to acquisitions, we incur risks and challenges associated with the integration of employees, accounting systems, and technology platforms from acquired businesses and institutions in a timely and efficient manner, and we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in retaining existing customer relationships or achieving anticipated operating efficiencies expected from such acquisitions.  acquisitions may be subject to the receipt of approvals from certain governmental authorities, including the federal reserve, the occ, and the united states department of justice, as well as the approval of our shareholders and the shareholders of companies that we seek to acquire. these approvals for acquisitions may not be received, may take longer than expected, or may impose conditions that are not presently anticipated or that could have an adverse effect on the combined company following the acquisitions. subject to requisite regulatory approvals, future business acquisitions may result in the issuance and payment of additional shares of stock, which would dilute current shareholders' ownership interests.  additionally, acquisitions may involve the payment of a premium over book and market values. therefore, dilution of our tangible book value and net income per common share could occur in connection with any future transaction.
failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could impair our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results or prevent fraud, resulting in loss of investor confidence and adversely affecting our business and our stock price.
effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. we are subject to regulation that focuses on effective internal controls and procedures. such controls and procedures are modified, supplemented, and changed from time-to-time as necessitated by our growth and in reaction to external events and developments. any failure to maintain an effective internal control environment could impact our ability to report our financial results on an accurate and timely basis, which could result in regulatory actions, loss of investor confidence, and an adverse impact on our business and our stock price.
we rely on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values.
quantitative models may be used to help manage certain aspects of our business and to assist with certain business decisions, including estimating probable loan losses, measuring the fair value of financial instruments when reliable market prices are unavailable, estimating the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, managing risk, and for capital planning purposes (including during the ccar capital planning and capital adequacy process). our measurement methodologies rely on many assumptions, historical analyses, and correlations. these assumptions may not capture or fully incorporate conditions leading to losses, particularly in times of market distress, and the historical correlations on which we rely may no longer be relevant. additionally, as businesses and markets evolve, our measurements may not accurately reflect this evolution. even if the underlying assumptions and historical correlations used in our models are huntington bancshares incorporated adequate, our models may be deficient due to errors in computer code, inaccurate data, misuse of data, or the use of a model for a purpose outside the scope of the model's design.
all models have certain limitations. reliance on models presents the risk that our business decisions based on information incorporated from models will be adversely affected due to incorrect, missing, or misleading information. in addition, our models may not capture or fully express the risks we face, may suggest that we have sufficient capitalization when we do not, or may lead us to misjudge the business and economic environment in which we will operate. if our models fail to produce reliable results on an ongoing basis, we may not make appropriate risk management, capital planning, or other business or financial decisions. strategies that we employ to manage and govern the risks associated with our use of models may not be effective or fully reliable. also, information that we provide to the public or regulators based on poorly designed models could be inaccurate or misleading.
banking regulators continue to focus on the models used by banks and bank holding companies in their businesses. some of our decisions that the regulators evaluate, including distributions to our shareholders, could be affected adversely due to their perception that the quality of the models used to generate the relevant information are insufficient.
we rely on third parties to provide key components of our business infrastructure.
we rely on third-party service providers to leverage subject matter expertise and industry best practice, provide enhanced products and services, and reduce costs. although there are benefits in entering into third-party relationships with vendors and others, there are risks associated with such activities. when entering a third-party relationship, the risks associated with that activity are not passed to the third-party but remain our responsibility. the technology committee of the board of directors provides oversight related to the overall risk management process associated with third-party relationships. management is accountable for the review and evaluation of all new and existing third-party relationships. management is responsible for ensuring that adequate controls are in place to protect us and our customers from the risks associated with vendor relationships.
increased risk could occur based on poor planning, oversight, control, and inferior performance or service on the part of the third-party, and may result in legal costs or loss of business. while we have implemented a vendor management program to actively manage the risks associated with the use of third-party service providers, any problems caused by third-party service providers could adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our customers and to conduct our business. replacing a third-party service provider could also take a long period of time and result in increased expenses.
changes in accounting policies, standards, and interpretations could affect how we report our financial condition and results of operations.
the fasb, regulatory agencies, and other bodies that establish accounting standards periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards governing the preparation of our financial statements. additionally, those bodies that establish and interpret the accounting standards (such as the fasb, sec, and banking regulators) may change prior interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied.
for further discussion, see note 2 - "accounting standards update" to the consolidated financial statements.
our goodwill could become impaired in the future. if goodwill were to become impaired, it could limit the ability of the bank to pay dividends to huntington, adversely impacting huntington liquidity and ability to pay dividends or repay debt. the most significant assumptions affecting our goodwill impairment evaluation are variables including the market price of our common stock, projections of earnings, the discount rates used in the income approach to fair value, and the control premium above our current stock price that an acquirer would pay to obtain control of us. we are required to test goodwill for impairment at least annually or when impairment indicators are present. if an impairment determination is made in a future reporting period, our earnings and book value of goodwill will be reduced by the amount of the impairment. if an impairment loss is recorded, it will have little or no impact on the tangible book value of our common stock, or our regulatory capital levels, but such an
2019 form 10-k impairment loss could significantly reduce the bank's earnings and thereby restrict the bank's ability to make dividend payments to us without prior regulatory approval, because federal reserve policy states the bank holding company dividends should be paid from current earnings. at december 31, 2019, the book value of our goodwill was $2.0 billion, substantially all of which was recorded at the bank. any such write down of goodwill or other acquisition related intangibles will reduce huntington's earnings, as well.
compliance risks:
we operate in a highly regulated industry, and the laws and regulations that govern our operations, corporate governance, executive compensation and financial accounting, or reporting, including changes in them, or our failure to comply with them, may adversely affect us.
the banking industry is highly regulated. we are subject to supervision, regulation, and examination by various federal and state regulators, including the federal reserve, occ, sec, cfpb, fdic, finra, and various state regulatory agencies. the statutory and regulatory framework that governs us is generally intended to protect depositors and customers, the dif, the u.s. banking and financial system, and financial markets as a whole - not to protect shareholders. these laws and regulations, among other matters, prescribe minimum capital requirements, impose limitations on our business activities (including foreclosure and collection practices), limit the dividend or distributions that we can pay, restrict the ability of institutions to guarantee our debt, and impose certain specific accounting requirements that may be more restrictive and may result in greater or earlier charges to earnings or reductions in our capital than accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. compliance with laws and regulations can be difficult and costly, and changes to laws and regulations often impose additional compliance costs. both the scope of the laws and regulations and the intensity of the supervision to which we are subject have increased in recent years in response to the financial crisis, as well as other factors such as technological and market changes. such regulation and supervision may increase our costs and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities. further, our failure to comply with these laws and regulations, even if the failure was inadvertent or reflects a difference in interpretation, could subject us to restrictions on our business activities, fines, and other penalties, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations, capital base, and the price of our securities. further, any new laws, rules, and regulations could make compliance more difficult or expensive or otherwise adversely affect our business and financial condition.
legislative and regulatory actions taken now or in the future that impact the financial industry may materially adversely affect us by increasing our costs, adding complexity in doing business, impeding the efficiency of our internal business processes, negatively impacting the recoverability of certain of our recorded assets, requiring us to increase our regulatory capital, limiting our ability to pursue business opportunities, and otherwise resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operation, liquidity, or stock price.
both the scope of the laws and regulations and the intensity of the supervision to which we are subject increased in response to the financial crisis as well as other factors such as technological and market changes. regulatory enforcement and fines have also increased across the banking and financial services sector. compliance with these laws and regulations have resulted in and will continue to result in additional costs, which could be significant, and may have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, if we do not appropriately comply with current or future legislation and regulations, especially those that apply to our consumer operations, which has been an area of heightened focus, we may be subject to fines, penalties or judgments, or material regulatory restrictions on our businesses, which could adversely affect operations and, in turn, financial results.
huntington bancshares incorporated the resolution of significant pending litigation, if unfavorable, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations for a particular period.
we face legal risks in our businesses, and the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions remain high. substantial legal liability against us could have material adverse financial effects or cause significant reputational harm to us, which in turn could seriously harm our business prospects. it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters, if unfavorable, may be material to the results of operations for a particular reporting period.
for more information on litigation risks, see note 21 - "commitments and contingent liabilities" to the consolidated financial statements.
noncompliance with the bank secrecy act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations could cause us material financial loss.
the bank secrecy act and the patriot act contain anti-money laundering and financial transparency provisions intended to detect and prevent the use of the u.s. financial system for money laundering and terrorist financing activities. the bank secrecy act, as amended by the patriot act, requires depository institutions and their holding companies to undertake activities including maintaining an anti-money laundering program, verifying the identity of clients, monitoring for and reporting suspicious transactions, reporting on cash transactions exceeding specified thresholds, and responding to requests for information by regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies. fincen, a unit of the treasury department that administers the bank secrecy act, is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the federal bank regulatory agencies, as well as the united states department of justice, drug enforcement administration, and irs.
there is also increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the ofac. if our policies, procedures, and systems are deemed deficient or the policies, procedures, and systems of the financial institutions that we have already acquired or may acquire in the future are deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions such as restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain planned business activities, including acquisition plans, which would negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us.
for more information regarding the bank secrecy act, patriot act, anti-money laundering requirements and ofac-administered sanctions, refer to item 1: business - "regulatory matters".
strategic risk:
we depend on our executive officers and key personnel to continue the implementation of our long-term business strategy and could be harmed by the loss of their services.
we believe that our continued growth and future success will depend in large part on the skills of our management team and our ability to motivate and retain these individuals and other key personnel. the loss of service of one or more of our executive officers or key personnel could reduce our ability to successfully implement our long-term business strategy, our business could suffer, and the value of our stock could be materially adversely affected. leadership changes will occur from time to time, and we cannot predict whether significant resignations will occur or whether we will be able to recruit additional qualified personnel. we believe our management team possesses valuable knowledge about the banking industry and that their knowledge and relationships would be very difficult to replicate. our success also depends on the experience of our branch managers and lending officers and on their relationships with the customers and communities they serve. the loss of these key personnel could negatively impact our banking operations. the loss of key personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results.
2019 form 10-k bank regulations regarding capital and liquidity, including the annual ccar assessment process and the u.s. basel iii capital and liquidity standards, could require higher levels of capital and liquidity. among other things, these regulations could impact our ability to pay common stock dividends, repurchase common stock, attract cost-effective sources of deposits, or require the retention of higher amounts of low yielding securities.
the federal reserve administers ccar, an annual forward-looking quantitative assessment of huntington's capital adequacy and planned capital distributions and a review of the strength of huntington's practices to assess capital needs. we generally may pay dividends and repurchase stock only in accordance with a capital plan that has been reviewed by the federal reserve and as to which the federal reserve has not objected. the federal reserve also makes a quantitative assessment of capital based on supervisory-run stress tests that assess the ability to maintain capital levels above each minimum regulatory capital ratio after making all capital actions included in huntington's capital plan, under baseline and stressful conditions throughout a nine-quarter planning horizon. there can be no assurance that the federal reserve or occ will respond favorably to our capital plans, planned capital actions or stress test results, and the federal reserve, occ, or other regulatory capital requirements may limit or otherwise restrict how we utilize our capital, including common stock dividends and stock repurchases.
we are also required to maintain minimum capital ratios and the federal reserve and occ may determine that huntington and/or the bank, based on size, complexity, or risk profile, must maintain capital ratios above these minimums in order to operate in a safe and sound manner. in the event we are required to raise capital to maintain required minimum capital and leverage ratios or ratios above the required applicable minimums, we may be forced to do so when market conditions are undesirable or on terms that are less favorable to us than we would otherwise require. furthermore, in order to prevent becoming subject to restrictions on our ability to distribute capital or make certain discretionary bonus payments to management, we must maintain a capital conservation buffer (of 2.5% as of january 1, 2019), which is in addition to our required minimum capital ratios.
for more information regarding ccar, stress testing, and capital and liquidity requirements, including several proposed rules that would alter, reduce, or eliminate certain of these requirements as they apply to huntington, refer to item 1: business - "regulatory matters".
if our regulators deem it appropriate, they can take regulatory actions that could result in a material adverse impact on our financial results, ability to compete for new business, or preclude mergers or acquisitions. in addition, regulatory actions could constrain our ability to fund our liquidity needs or pay dividends. any of these actions could increase the cost of our services.
we are subject to the supervision and regulation of various state and federal regulators, including the occ, federal reserve, fdic, sec, cfpb, finra, and various state regulatory agencies. as such, we are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations, many of which are discussed in item 1: business - "regulatory matters". as part of their supervisory process, which includes periodic examinations and continuous monitoring, the regulators have the authority to impose restrictions or conditions on our activities and the manner in which we manage the organization. such actions could negatively impact us in a variety of ways, including charging monetary fines, impacting our ability to pay dividends, precluding mergers or acquisitions, limiting our ability to offer certain products or services, or imposing additional capital requirements.
under the supervision of the cfpb, our consumer and business banking products and services are subject to heightened regulatory oversight and scrutiny with respect to compliance under consumer laws and regulations. we may face a greater number or wider scope of investigations, enforcement actions, and litigation in the future related to consumer practices, thereby increasing costs associated with responding to or defending such actions. also, federal and state regulators have been increasingly focused on sales practices of branch personnel, including taking regulatory action against other financial institutions. in addition, increased regulatory inquiries and investigations, as well as any additional legislative or regulatory developments affecting our consumer businesses, and any required changes to our business operations resulting from these developments, could result in significant loss of revenue, require remuneration to our customers, trigger fines or penalties, limit the products or services we offer, require us to increase our prices and, therefore, reduce demand for our products, impose additional compliance costs on us, increase the cost of collection, cause harm to our reputation, or otherwise adversely affect our consumer businesses.
in addition, we are allowed to conduct certain activities that are financial in nature by virtue of huntington's status as an fhc, as discussed in more detail in item 1. regulatory matters. if huntington or the bank cease to meet huntington bancshares incorporated the requirements necessary for huntington to continue to qualify as an fhc, the federal reserve may impose upon us corrective capital and managerial requirements, and may place limitations on our ability to conduct all of the business activities that we conduct as a fhc. if the failure to meet these standards persists, we could be required to divest our bank, or cease all activities other than those activities that may be conducted by a bhc but not an fhc.
damage to our reputation could significantly harm our business, including our competitive position and business prospects.
our ability to attract and retain customers, clients, investors, and employees is affected by our reputation. significant harm to our reputation can arise from various sources, including officer, director or employee misconduct, actual or perceived unethical behavior, conflicts of interest, security breaches, litigation or regulatory outcomes, compensation practices, failing to deliver minimum or required standards of service and quality, failing to address customer and agency complaints, compliance failures, unauthorized release of personal, proprietary or confidential information due to cyber-attacks or otherwise, perception of our environmental, social and governance practices and disclosures, and the activities of our clients, customers, and counterparties, including vendors. actions by the financial service industry generally or by institutions or individuals in the industry can adversely affect our reputation indirectly by association. in addition, adverse publicity or negative information posted on social media, whether or not factually correct, may affect our business prospects. all of these could adversely affect our growth, results of operation, and financial condition.
item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction this md&a provides information we believe necessary for understanding our financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. the md&a should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements, notes to consolidated financial statements, and other information contained in this report. the forward-looking statements in this section and other parts of this report involve assumptions, risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including statements regarding our plans, objectives, goals, strategies, and financial performance. our actual results could differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of factors set forth under the caption "forward-looking statements" and those set forth in item 1a.
executive overview
2019 financial performance review in 2019, we reported net income of $1.4 billion, a 1% increase from the prior year. earnings per common share on a diluted basis for the year were $1.27, up 6% from the prior year.
fully-taxable equivalent net interest income for 2019 increased $20 million, or 1%, from 2018. this reflected the impact of 3% average earning asset growth and a 4% growth of average interest-bearing liabilities. fte net interest margin decreased 7 basis points to 3.26%. average earning asset growth reflects a $2.7 billion, or 4%, increase in average loans and leases. the nim compression reflected a 28 basis point increase in funding costs, partially offset by a 13 basis point positive impact from earning asset yields and a 8 basis point increase in the benefit from noninterest-bearing funding.
the provision for credit losses was $287 million, up $52 million, or 22%. the increase in provision expense over the prior year was primarily attributed to higher commercial losses.
noninterest income was $1.5 billion, up $133 million, or 10%, from the prior year. mortgage banking income increased $59 million or 55% driven by increased volume and higher salable spreads. card and payment processing income increased $22 million, or 10%, due to increased account activity. capital markets fees increased $15 million, or 14%, driven by increased underwriting activity primarily associated with the hse acquisition. other noninterest income increased $20 million, or 12%, as a result of the gain on the sale of the wisconsin retail branches and the impact of the new lease accounting standard with regard to the presentation of income for personal property tax on leased assets.
noninterest expense was $2.7 billion, up $74 million, or 3%, from the prior year. personnel costs increased $95 million, or 6%, primarily reflecting the shift toward colleagues supporting our core strategies, annual merit increases, and $15 million of expense related to position reductions completed in the 2019 fourth quarter. outside data processing and other services increased $52 million, or 18%, primarily driven by higher technology investment costs. partially offsetting these increases, deposit and other insurance expense decreased $29 million, or 46%, primarily due to the discontinuation of the fdic surcharge in the 2018 fourth quarter. net occupancy expense decreased $25 million, or 14%, primarily reflecting lower branch and facility consolidation-related expense as the 2018 fourth quarter included $28 million of consolidation-related expense. marketing decreased $16 million, or 30%, primarily reflecting pacing of marketing campaigns and deposit promotions.
the tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio was 7.88%, up 67 basis points. the regulatory common equity tier 1 (cet1) risk-based capital ratio was 9.88%, up 23 basis points. the regulatory tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 11.26%, up 20 basis points.
consistent with the 2019 capital plan, the company repurchased $441 million of common stock during 2019 at an average cost of $14.00 per share.
2019 form 10-k business overview general our general business objectives are:
•invest in our businesses, particularly technology and risk management.
•deliver positive operating leverage.
•maintain aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite.
•disciplined capital management.
economy our local economies are growing, and our expectation for 2020 is for continued expansion. building on the strong customer sentiment, consumer lending should fuel balance sheet growth in the coming year. our commercial customers are performing well, and we are seeing success in our strategies, though volatility and uncertainty are restraining overall commercial loan growth. the momentum across our businesses and focused execution, augmented by the actions taken in 2019, set us up well entering 2020.
legislative and regulatory a comprehensive discussion of legislative and regulatory matters affecting us can be found in item 1: business - "regulatory matters" section of this form 10-k.
(amounts in millions, except per share data)
year ended december 31, change from 2018                                         change from 2017
provision for credit losses                                   287                52              22                   235                34               17                   201
net interest income after provision for credit losses       2,926               (28    )         (1     )           2,954               153                5                 2,801
service charges on deposit accounts                           372                 8               2                   364                11                3                   353
card and payment processing income                            246                22              10                   224                18                9                   206
trust and investment management services                      178                 7               4                   171                15               10                   156
capital markets fees                                          123                15              14                   108                18               20                    90
net (losses) gains on sales of securities                     (24   )            (3    )        (14     )             (21   )           (17    )        (425     )              (4   )
personnel costs                                             1,654                95               6                 1,559                35                2                 1,524
outside data processing and other services                    346                52              18                   294               (19    )          (6     )             313
marketing                                                      37               (16    )        (30     )              53                (7    )         (12     )              60
deposit and other insurance expense                            34               (29    )        (46     )              63               (15    )         (19     )              78
income before income taxes                                  1,659                31               2                 1,628               234               17                 1,394
provision for income taxes                                    248                13               6                   235                27               13                   208
(1)   comparisons for presented periods are impacted by a number of factors. refer to "significant items" in the discussion of results of operations.
(2)   on a fully-taxable equivalent (fte) basis assuming a 21% tax rate and a 35% tax rate for the period prior to january 1, 2018.
discussion of results of operations this section provides a review of financial performance from a consolidated perspective. it also includes a "significant items" section that summarizes key issues important for a complete understanding of performance trends. key consolidated balance sheet and income statement trends are discussed. all earnings per share data are reported on a diluted basis. for additional insight on financial performance, please read this section in conjunction with the "business segment discussion."
for a discussion of our results of operations for 2018 versus 2017, see "part ii, item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" discussion of results of operations included in our 2018 form 10-k, filed with the sec on february 15, 2019.
significant items earnings comparisons among the three years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017 were impacted by a number of significant items summarized below.
there were no significant items in 2019 or 2018.
significant items included in 2017 were:
1.   mergers and acquisitions. significant events relating to mergers and acquisitions, and the impacts of those events on our reported results, were as follows:
•   during 2017, $154 million of noninterest expense and $2 million of noninterest income was recorded related to the acquisition of firstmerit. this resulted in a negative impact of $0.09 per common share in 2017.
2.   federal tax reform-related tax benefit. significant events relating to federal tax reform-related tax benefits, and the impacts of those events on our reported results, were as follows:
•   during 2017, $123 million of federal tax reform-related tax benefit was recorded as provision for income taxes. this resulted in a positive impact of $0.11 per common share in 2017.
the following table reflects the earnings impact of the above-mentioned significant items for periods affected by this results of operations discussion:
table 3 - significant items influencing earnings performance comparison
(amounts in millions, except per share data)        2019                                 2018                                                                           2017
significant items-favorable (unfavorable) impact:   earnings              eps                 earnings              eps                 earnings              eps federal tax reform-related tax benefit              $-                                        $-                                        $-
federal tax reform-related tax benefit, after-tax   $-                    $-                  $-                    $-                  $123                  $0.11
mergers and acquisitions, net expenses              $-                                        $-                                        $(152       )
mergers and acquisitions, after-tax                 $-                    $-                  $-                    $-                  $(99        )         $(0.09      )
44 huntington bancshares incorporated net interest income / average balance sheet our primary source of revenue is net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from earning assets (primarily loans, securities, and direct financing leases), and interest expense of funding sources (primarily interest-bearing deposits and borrowings). earning asset balances and related funding sources, as well as changes in the levels of interest rates, impact net interest income. the difference between the average yield on earning assets and the average rate paid for interest-bearing liabilities is the net interest spread. noninterest-bearing sources of funds, such as demand deposits and shareholders' equity, also support earning assets. the impact of the noninterest-bearing sources of funds, often referred to as "free" funds, is captured in the net interest margin, which is calculated as net interest income divided by average earning assets. both the net interest margin and net interest spread are presented on a fully-taxable equivalent basis, which means that tax-free interest income has been adjusted to a pretax equivalent income, assuming a 21% tax rate and 35% tax rate for periods prior to january 1, 2018.
the following table shows changes in fully-taxable equivalent interest income, interest expense, and net interest income due to volume and rate variances for major categories of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities:
table 4 - change in net interest income due to changes in average volume and interest rates (1)
investment securities                                            (12      )                   10                          (2      )                 (10      )                   35                          25
other earning assets                                              20                          (5      )                   15                          5                           3                           8
total interest income from earning assets                        135                         113                         248                        184                         312                         496
deposits                                                          17                         177                         194                         16                         195                         211
total interest expense of interest-bearing liabilities            23                         205                         228                         17                         312                         329
(1)   the change in interest income or expense due to both rate and volume has been allocated between the factors in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each.
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                                                                                          average balances change from 2018                                               change from 2017
assets interest-bearing deposits in federal reserve bank (2)          $552                  $430             352   %                 $122                  $122             100   %                   $-
interest-bearing deposits in banks                              142                    54              61                       88                   (11    )        (11   )                   99
securities:
trading account securities                                      136                    40              42                       96                    (6    )         (6   )                  102
available-for-sale securities:
total available-for-sale securities                          13,801                  (362    )         (3   )               14,163                  (921    )         (6   )               15,084
held-to-maturity securities-taxable                           8,645                     2               -                    8,643                   535               7                    8,108
other securities                                                471                  (113    )        (19   )                  584                     -               -                      584
total securities                                             23,053                  (433    )         (2   )               23,486                  (392    )         (2   )               23,878
loans held for sale                                             816                   181              29                      635                    80              14                      555
consumer:
home equity                                                   9,416                  (499    )         (5   )                9,915                   (79    )         (1   )                9,994
other consumer                                                1,259                    56               5                    1,203                   182              18                    1,021
total consumer                                               37,556                 1,392               4                   36,164                 3,230              10                   32,934
allowance for loan and lease losses                            (786    )              (39    )         (5   )                 (747    )              (80    )        (12   )                 (667    )
total earning assets                                         99,541                 2,964                                   96,577                 4,154                                   92,423
intangible assets                                             2,246                   (65    )         (3   )                2,311                   (55    )         (2   )                2,366
all other assets                                              6,128                   471               8                    5,657                   211               4                    5,446
total assets                                               $107,971                $2,989                   %             $104,982                $3,961                   %             $101,021
liabilities and shareholders' equity interest-bearing deposits:
demand deposits-interest-bearing                            $19,858                  $563               3   %              $19,295                $1,715                   %              $17,580
money market deposits                                        23,772                 2,326                                   21,446                 1,711               9                   19,735
savings and other domestic deposits                           9,916                (1,167    )        (11   )               11,083                  (614    )         (5   )               11,697
core certificates of deposit (4)                              5,590                 1,402              33                    4,188                 2,069              98                    2,119
other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more                319                    39              14                      280                  (165    )        (37   )                  445
brokered time deposits and negotiable cds                     2,816                  (687    )        (20   )                3,503                  (172    )         (5   )                3,675
total interest-bearing deposits                              62,271                 2,476               4                   59,795                 4,544               8                   55,251
total interest-bearing liabilities                           74,047                 2,512               4                   71,535                 4,499               7                   67,036
demand deposits-noninterest-bearing                          20,061                  (330    )         (2   )               20,391                (1,308    )         (6   )               21,699
all other liabilities                                         2,303                   306              15                    1,997                   322              19                    1,675
shareholders' equity                                         11,560                   501               5                   11,059                   448               4                   10,611
total liabilities and shareholders' equity                 $107,971                $2,989                   %             $104,982                $3,961                   %             $101,021
(1)   fte yields are calculated assuming a 21% tax rate and a 35% tax rate for periods prior to january 1, 2018.
(2)   deposits in federal reserve bank were treated as non-earning assets prior to 4q 2018.
(3)   for purposes of this analysis, nonaccrual loans are reflected in the average balances of loans.
(4)   includes consumer certificates of deposit of $250,000 or more.
assets interest-bearing deposits in federal reserve bank (2)           $12                          $3                          $-                 2.12      %          2.33      %             -      %
interest-bearing deposits in banks                                3                           2                                             2.01                 1.97                 1.56
securities:
trading account securities                                                                    1                           -                 2.17                 0.80                 0.18
available-for-sale securities:
total available-for-sale securities                             400                         402                         401                 2.90                 2.84                 2.66
held-to-maturity securities-taxable                             218                         211                         193                 2.52                 2.44                 2.38
other securities                                                 16                          25                          20                 3.47                 4.34                 3.42
total securities                                                637                         639                         614                 2.76                 2.72                 2.57
loans held for sale                                              31                          26                          21                 3.76                 4.15                 3.75
consumer:
home equity                                                     508                         512                         463                 5.40                 5.16                 4.63
other consumer                                                  165                         145                         118                13.11                12.04                11.53
total consumer                                                1,766                       1,629                       1,412                 4.70                 4.50                 4.28
total earning assets                                         $4,227                      $3,979                      $3,483                 4.25      %          4.12      %          3.77      %
liabilities and shareholders' equity interest-bearing deposits:
demand deposits-interest-bearing                               $116                         $78                         $38                 0.58      %          0.40      %          0.21      %
money market deposits                                           260                         148                          66                 1.09                 0.69                 0.33
savings and other domestic deposits                              22                          24                          24                 0.22                 0.22                 0.21
core certificates of deposit (4)                                119                          72                          13                 2.13                 1.72                 0.60
other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more                  7                           3                           2                 1.82                 1.25                 0.52
brokered time deposits and negotiable cds                        61                          66                          37                 2.18                 1.88                 1.00
total interest-bearing deposits                                 585                         391                         180                 0.94                 0.65                 0.33
total interest-bearing liabilities                              988                         760                         431                 1.34                 1.06                 0.64
(1)   fte yields are calculated assuming a 21% tax rate and a 35% tax rate for the period prior to january 1, 2018.
(2)   deposits in federal reserve bank were treated as non-earning assets prior to 4q 2018 and the associated interest income was not material.
(3)   for purposes of this analysis, nonaccrual loans are reflected in the average balances of loans.
(4)   includes consumer certificates of deposit of $250,000 or more.
(5)   rates and amounts include the effects of hedge and risk management activities associated with the respective asset and liability categories.
fully-taxable equivalent net interest income for 2019 increased $20 million, or 1%, from 2018. this reflected the impact of 3% average earning asset growth and a 4% growth in average interest-bearing liabilities. fte net interest margin decreased 7 basis points to 3.26%. average earning asset growth reflects a $2.7 billion, or 4%, increase in average loans and leases. the nim compression reflected a 28 basis point increase in funding costs, partially offset by a 13 basis point positive impact from earning asset yields and a 8 basis point increase in the benefit from noninterest-bearing funding.
average earning assets for 2019 increased $3.0 billion, or 3%, from the prior year, reflecting loan growth of $2.7 billion, or 4%. average c&i loans and leases increased $1.7 billion, or 6%, reflecting broad-based growth. residential mortgages increased $1.2 billion, or 12%, reflecting robust mortgage production in the second half of 2019. average rv and marine loans increased $0.6 billion, or 21%, primarily resulting from expansions of lending activities in new markets in 2017 and 2018, while maintaining our commitment to super prime originations. average securities decreased $0.4 billion, or 2%.
both average total interest-bearing deposits and average total interest-bearing liabilities for 2019 increased $2.5 billion, or 4%, from the prior year. average core cds increased $1.4 billion, or 33%, reflecting consumer deposit growth initiatives primarily in the first three quarters of 2018, partially offset by maturity of balances towards the end of 2019. average money market deposits increased $2.3 billion, or 11%, reflecting growth driven by promotional pricing. these increases were offset by a decrease in savings and other domestic deposits of $1.2 billion or 11% reflecting a continued shift in consumer product mix.
provision for credit losses
(this section should be read in conjunction with the "credit risk" section.)
the provision for credit losses is the expense necessary to maintain the alll and the aulc at levels appropriate to absorb our estimate of credit losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio and the portfolio of unfunded loan commitments and letters-of-credit.
the provision for credit losses in 2019 was $287 million, up $52 million, or 22%, from 2018. the increase in provision expense over the prior year was primarily attributed to higher commercial losses.
noninterest income the following table reflects noninterest income for the past three years:
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                 change from 2018                                         change from 2017
service charges on deposit accounts              $372                $8               2     %            $364               $11                3     %            $353
card and payment processing income                246                22              10                   224                18                9                   206
trust and investment management services          178                 7               4                   171                15               10                   156
capital markets fees                              123                15              14                   108                18               20                    90
net (losses) gains on sales of securities         (24   )            (3    )        (14     )             (21   )           (17    )        (425     )              (4   )
noninterest income was $1.5 billion, up $133 million, or 10%, from the prior year. mortgage banking income increased $59 million or 55% driven by increased volume and higher salable spreads. card and payment processing income increased $22 million, or 10%, due to increased account activity. capital markets fees increased $15 million, or 14%, driven by increased underwriting activity primarily associated with the hse acquisition. other income increased $20 million, or 12%, as a result of the gain on the sale of the wisconsin retail branches and the impact of the new lease accounting standard with regard to the presentation of income for personal property tax on leased assets.
(this section should be read in conjunction with significant items section.)
the following table reflects noninterest expense for the past three years:
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                            change from 2018                                                         change from 2017
personnel costs                                           $1,654                         $95          6             %                  $1,559                         $35          2          %            $1,524
outside data processing and other services                   346          52                          18                                  294                         (19      )         (6   )               313
marketing                                                     37                         (16      )           (30   )                      53                          (7      )        (12   )                60
deposit and other insurance expense                           34                         (29      )           (46   )                      63                         (15      )        (19   )                78
impact of significant items:
personnel costs                                            $-                      $-                  $42
outside data processing and other services                 -                       -                    24
marketing                                                  -                       -                     1
total impact of significant items on noninterest expense   $-                      $-                 $154
adjusted noninterest expense (see non-gaap financial measures in the additional disclosures section):
year ended december 31, change from 2018                                                  change from 2017
personnel costs                                    $1,654                     $95                 6     %            $1,559                     $77                 5     %            $1,482
outside data processing and other services            346         52                             18                     294                       5                 2                     289
marketing                                              37                     (16     )         (30     )                53                      (6     )         (10     )                59
deposit and other insurance expense                    34                     (29     )         (46     )                63                     (15     )         (19     )                78
noninterest expense was $2.7 billion, up $74 million, or 3%, from the prior year. personnel costs increased $95 million, or 6%, primarily reflecting the shift toward colleagues supporting our core strategies, annual merit increases, and $15 million of expense related to position reductions completed in the 2019 fourth quarter. outside data processing and other services increased $52 million, or 18%, primarily driven by higher technology investment costs. offsetting these increases, deposit and other insurance expense decreased $29 million, or 46%, primarily due to the discontinuation of the fdic surcharge in the 2018 fourth quarter. net occupancy expense decreased $25 million, or 14%, primarily reflecting lower branch and facility consolidation-related expense as the 2018 fourth quarter included $28 million of consolidation-related expense. marketing decreased $16 million, or 30%, primarily reflecting pacing of marketing campaigns and deposit promotions.
provision for income taxes
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 1 - "significant accounting policies" and note 17 - "income taxes" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
the provision for income taxes was $248 million for 2019 compared with a provision for income taxes of $235 million in 2018. both years included the benefits from tax-exempt income, tax-advantaged investments, general business credits, investments in qualified affordable housing projects, stock-based compensation, and capital losses. as of december 31, 2019 and 2018 there was no valuation allowance on federal deferred taxes. in 2019 and 2018 there was essentially no material change recorded in the provision for state income taxes, net of federal taxes, for the portion of state deferred tax assets and state net operating loss carryforwards that are more likely than not to be realized. at december 31, 2019, we had a net federal deferred tax liability of $221 million and a net state deferred tax asset of $38 million.
we file income tax returns with the irs and various state, city, and foreign jurisdictions. federal income tax audits have been completed for tax years through 2009. certain proposed adjustments resulting from the irs examination of our 2010 through 2011 tax returns have been settled, subject to final approval by the joint committee on taxation of the u.s. congress. while the statute of limitations remains open for tax years 2012 through 2018, the irs has advised that tax years 2012 through 2014 will not be audited, and is currently examining the 2015 and 2016 federal income tax returns. various state and other jurisdictions remain open to examination, including ohio, kentucky, indiana, michigan, pennsylvania, west virginia, and illinois.
huntington bancshares incorporated risk management and capital risk governance we use a multi-faceted approach to risk governance. it begins with the board of directors defining our risk appetite as aggregate moderate-to-low. this does not preclude engagement in select higher risk activities. rather, the definition is intended to represent an aggregate view of where we want our overall risk to be managed.
three board committees primarily oversee implementation of this desired risk appetite and monitoring of our risk profile:
•   the audit committee oversees the integrity of the consolidated financial statements, including policies, procedures, and practices regarding the preparation of financial statements, the financial reporting process, disclosures, and internal control over financial reporting. the audit committee also provides assistance to the board in overseeing the internal audit division and the independent registered public accounting firm's qualifications and independence; compliance with our financial code of ethics for the chief executive officer and senior financial officers; and compliance with corporate securities trading policies.
•   the risk oversight committee (roc) assists the board of directors in overseeing management of material risks, the approval and monitoring of the company's capital position and plan supporting our overall aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile, the risk governance structure, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and determining adherence to the board's stated risk appetite. the committee has oversight responsibility with respect to the full range of inherent risks: credit, market, liquidity, legal, compliance/regulatory, operational, strategic, and reputational. the roc provides assistance to the board in overseeing the credit review division. this committee also oversees our capital management and planning process, ensures that the amount and quality of capital are adequate in relation to expected and unexpected risks, and that our capital levels exceed "well-capitalized" requirements.
•   the technology committee assists the board of directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to all technology, cyber security, and third-party risk management strategies and plans. the committee is charged with evaluating huntington's capability to properly perform all technology functions necessary for its business plan, including projected growth, technology capacity, planning, operational execution, product development, and management capacity. the committee provides oversight of technology investments and plans to drive efficiency as well as to meet defined standards for risk, information security, and redundancy. the committee oversees the allocation of technology costs and ensures that they are understood by the board of directors. the technology committee monitors and evaluates innovation and technology trends that may affect the company's strategic plans, including monitoring of overall industry trends. the technology committee reviews and provides oversight of the company's continuity and disaster recovery planning and preparedness.
the audit and risk oversight committees routinely hold executive sessions with our key officers engaged in accounting and risk management. on a periodic basis, the two committees meet in joint session to cover matters relevant to both, such as the construct and appropriateness of the acl, which is reviewed quarterly. all directors have access to information provided to each committee and all scheduled meetings are open to all directors.
the risk oversight and technology committees routinely hold joint sessions to cover matters relevant to both such as cybersecurity and it risk and control projects and risk assessments.
further, through its compensation committee, the board of directors seeks to ensure its system of rewards is risk-sensitive and aligns the interests of management, creditors, and shareholders. we utilize a variety of compensation-related tools to induce appropriate behavior, including common stock ownership thresholds for the chief executive officer and certain members of senior management, a requirement to hold until retirement or exit from the company, a portion of net shares received upon exercise of stock options or release of restricted stock awards (50% for executive officers and 25% for other award recipients), equity deferrals, recoupment provisions, and the right to terminate compensation plans at any time.
2019 form 10-k management has implemented an enterprise risk management and risk appetite framework. critically important is our self-assessment process, in which each business segment produces an analysis of its risks and the strength of its risk controls. the segment analyses are combined with assessments by our risk management organization of major risk sectors (e.g., credit, market, liquidity, operational, compliance, strategic, and reputation) to produce an overall enterprise risk assessment. outcomes of the process include a determination of the quality of the overall control process, the direction of risk, and our position compared to the defined risk appetite.
management also utilizes a wide series of metrics (key risk indicators) to monitor risk positions throughout the company. in general, a range for each metric is established, which allows the company, in aggregate, to operate within an aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile. deviations from the range will indicate if the risk being measured exceeds desired tolerance, which may then necessitate corrective action.
we also have four executive level committees to manage risk: alco, credit policy and strategy, risk management, and capital management. each committee focuses on specific categories of risk and is supported by a series of subcommittees that are tactical in nature. we believe this structure helps ensure appropriate escalation of issues and overall communication of strategies.
huntington utilizes three lines of defense with regard to risk management: (1) business segments, (2) corporate risk management, and (3) internal audit and credit review. to induce greater ownership of risk within its business segments, segment risk officers have been embedded in the business to identify and monitor risk, elevate and remediate issues, establish controls, perform self-testing, and oversee the self-assessment process. corporate risk management establishes policies, sets operating limits, reviews new or modified products/processes, ensures consistency and quality assurance within the segments, and produces the enterprise risk assessment. the chief risk officer has significant input into the design and outcome of incentive compensation plans as they apply to risk. internal audit and credit review provide additional assurance that risk-related functions are operating as intended.
a comprehensive discussion of risk management and capital matters affecting us can be found in the risk factors section included in item 1a: risk factors and the "regulatory matters" section of item 1: business of this form 10-k.
some of the more significant processes used to manage and control credit, market, liquidity, operational, and compliance risks are described in the following sections.
credit risk credit risk is the risk of financial loss if a counterparty is not able to meet the agreed upon terms of the financial obligation. the majority of our credit risk is associated with lending activities, as the acceptance and management of credit risk is central to profitable lending. we also have credit risk associated with our investment securities portfolios (see note 4 - "investment securities and other securities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements). we engage with other financial counterparties for a variety of purposes including investing, asset and liability management, mortgage banking, and trading activities. a variety of derivative financial instruments, principally interest rate swaps, caps, floors, and collars, are used in asset and liability management activities to protect against the risk of adverse price or interest rate movements. huntington also uses derivatives, principally loan sale commitments, in hedging its mortgage loan interest rate lock commitments and its mortgage loans held for sale. while there is credit risk associated with derivative activity, we believe this exposure is minimal. (see note 1 - "significant accounting policies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
we continue to focus on the identification, monitoring, and management of all aspects of our credit risk. in addition to the traditional credit risk mitigation strategies of credit policies and processes, market risk management activities, and portfolio diversification, we use quantitative measurement capabilities utilizing external data sources, enhanced modeling technology, and internal stress testing processes. our continued expansion of portfolio management resources demonstrates our commitment to maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile. in our efforts to continue to identify risk mitigation techniques, we have focused on product design features, origination policies, and solutions for delinquent or stressed borrowers.
huntington bancshares incorporated the maximum level of credit exposure to individual credit borrowers is limited by policy guidelines based on the perceived risk of each borrower or related group of borrowers. all authority to grant commitments is delegated through the independent credit administration function and is closely monitored and regularly updated. concentration risk is managed through limits on loan type, geography, industry, and loan quality factors. we focus predominantly on extending credit to retail and commercial customers with existing or expandable relationships within our primary banking markets, although we will consider lending opportunities outside our primary markets if we believe the associated risks are acceptable and aligned with strategic initiatives. although we offer a broad set of products, we continue to develop new lending products and opportunities. each of these new products and opportunities goes through a rigorous development and approval process prior to implementation to ensure our overall objective of maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk portfolio profile.
the checks and balances in the credit process and the separation of the credit administration and risk management functions are designed to appropriately assess and sanction the level of credit risk being accepted, facilitate the early recognition of credit problems when they occur, and provide for effective problem asset management and resolution. for example, we do not extend additional credit to delinquent borrowers except in certain circumstances that substantially improve our overall repayment or collateral coverage position.
loan and lease credit exposure mix at december 31, 2019, our loans and leases totaled $75.4 billion, representing a $0.5 billion, or 1%, increase compared to $74.9 billion at december 31, 2018.
total commercial loans and leases were $37.3 billion at december 31, 2019, and represented 49% of our total loan and lease credit exposure. our commercial loan portfolio is diversified by product type, customer size, and geography within our footprint, and is comprised of the following (see commercial credit discussion):
c&i - c&i loans and leases are made to commercial customers for use in normal business operations to finance working capital needs, equipment purchases, or other projects. we focus on borrowers doing business within our geographic regions. c&i loans and leases are generally underwritten individually and secured with the assets of the company and/or the personal guarantee of the business owners. the financing of owner-occupied facilities is considered a c&i loan even though there is improved real estate as collateral. this treatment is a result of the credit decision process, which focuses on cash flow from operations of the business to repay the debt. the operation, sale, rental, or refinancing of the real estate is not considered the primary repayment source for these types of loans. as we have expanded our c&i portfolio, we have developed a series of "vertical specialties" to ensure that new products or lending types are embedded within a structured, centralized commercial lending area with designated, experienced credit officers. these specialties are comprised of either targeted industries (for example, healthcare, food & agribusiness, energy, etc.) and/or lending disciplines (equipment finance, asset based lending, etc.), all of which requires a high degree of expertise and oversight to effectively mitigate and monitor risk. as such, we have dedicated colleagues and teams focused on bringing value-added expertise to these specialty clients.
cre - cre loans consist of loans to developers and reits supporting income-producing or for-sale commercial real estate properties. we mitigate our risk on these loans by requiring collateral values that exceed the loan amount and underwriting the loan with projected cash flow in excess of the debt service requirement. these loans are made to finance properties such as apartment buildings, office and industrial buildings, and retail shopping centers, and are repaid through cash flows related to the operation, sale, or refinance of the property. for loans secured by real estate, appropriate appraisals are obtained at origination and updated on an as needed basis in compliance with regulatory requirements.
construction cre - construction cre loans are loans to developers, companies, or individuals used for the construction of a commercial or residential property for which repayment will be generated by the sale or permanent financing of the property. our construction cre portfolio primarily consists of retail, multi-family, office, and warehouse project types. generally, these loans are for construction projects that have been pre-sold or pre-leased, or have secured permanent financing, as well as loans to real estate companies with significant equity invested in each project. these loans are underwritten and managed by a specialized real estate lending group that actively monitors the construction phase and manages the loan disbursements according to the predetermined construction schedule.
2019 form 10-k total consumer loans and leases were $38.1 billion at december 31, 2019, and represented 51% of our total loan and lease credit exposure. the consumer portfolio is comprised primarily of automobile loans, home equity lines-of-credit, residential mortgages, and rv and marine finance (see consumer credit discussion).
automobile - automobile loans are comprised primarily of loans made through automotive dealerships and include exposure in selected states outside of our primary banking markets. the exposure outside of our core footprint states represents 22% of the total exposure, with no individual state representing more than 5%. applications are underwritten using an automated underwriting system that applies consistent policies and processes across the portfolio.
home equity - home equity lending includes both home equity loans and lines-of-credit. this type of lending, which is secured by a first-lien or junior-lien on the borrower's residence, allows customers to borrow against the equity in their home or refinance existing mortgage debt. products include closed-end loans which are generally fixed-rate with principal and interest payments, and variable-rate, interest-only lines-of-credit which do not require payment of principal during the 10-year revolving period. the home equity line of credit converts to a 20-year amortizing structure at the end of the revolving period. applications are underwritten centrally in conjunction with an automated underwriting system. the home equity underwriting criteria is based on minimum credit scores, debt-to-income ratios, and ltv ratios, with current collateral valuations. the underwriting for the floating rate lines of credit also incorporates a stress analysis for rising interest rates.
residential mortgage - residential mortgage loans represent loans to consumers for the purchase or refinance of a residence. these loans are generally financed over a 15-year to 30-year term, and in most cases, are extended to borrowers to finance their primary residence. applications are underwritten centrally using consistent credit policies and processes. all residential mortgage loan decisions utilize a full appraisal for collateral valuation. huntington has not originated or acquired residential mortgages that allow negative amortization or allow the borrower multiple payment options.
rv and marine - rv and marine loans are loans provided to consumers for the purpose of financing recreational vehicles and boats. loans are originated on an indirect basis through a series of dealerships across 34 states. the loans are underwritten centrally using an application and decisioning system similar to automobile loans. the current portfolio includes 28% of the balances within our core footprint states.
other consumer - other consumer loans primarily consists of consumer loans not secured by real estate, including credit cards, personal unsecured loans, and overdraft balances. we originate these products within our established set of credit policies and guidelines.
54 huntington bancshares incorporated the table below provides the composition of our total loan and lease portfolio:
table 8 - loan and lease portfolio composition at december 31,
consumer:
home equity                        9,093                           9,722                          10,099                          10,106                           8,471          17
other consumer                     1,237           2               1,320           2               1,122           2       956                     1       563                     1
total consumer                    38,066          51              37,453          49              34,785          49              31,602          47              24,513          49
our loan portfolio is composed of a managed mix of consumer and commercial credits. at the corporate level, we manage the overall credit exposure and portfolio composition via a credit concentration policy. the policy designates specific loan types, collateral types, and loan structures to be formally tracked and assigned maximum exposure limits as a percentage of capital. c&i lending by naics categories, specific limits for cre project types, loans secured by residential real estate, large dollar exposures, and designated high risk loan definitions represent examples of specifically tracked components of our concentration management process. there are no identified concentrations that exceed the assigned exposure limit. our concentration management policy is approved by the roc of the board of directors and is one of the strategies used to ensure a high quality, well diversified portfolio that is consistent with our overall objective of maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile. changes to existing concentration limits require the approval of the roc prior to implementation, incorporating specific information relating to the potential impact on the overall portfolio composition and performance metrics.
the table below provides our total loan and lease portfolio segregated by industry type. the changes in the industry composition from december 31, 2018 are consistent with the portfolio growth metrics.
table 9 - loan and lease portfolio by industry type
manufacturing                                                5,248              7                5,140              7
admin./support/waste mgmt. and remediation services            731              1                  737              1
arts, entertainment, and recreation                            690              1                  599              1
information                                                    649              1                  441              1
utilities                                                      546              1                  454              1
agriculture, forestry, fishing and hunting                     154              -                  174              -
management of companies and enterprises                        105              -                   88              -
home equity                                                  9,093                               9,722
other consumer loans                                         1,237              2                1,320              2
commercial credit the primary factors considered in commercial credit approvals are the financial strength of the borrower, assessment of the borrower's management capabilities, cash flows from operations, industry sector trends, type and sufficiency of collateral, type of exposure, transaction structure, and the general economic outlook. while these are the primary factors considered, there are a number of other factors that may be considered in the decision process. we utilize centralized preview and loan approval committees, led by our credit officers. the risk rating (see next paragraph), size, and complexity of the credit determines the threshold for approval. for loans not requiring loan committee approval, with the exception of small business loans, credit officers who understand each local region and are experienced in the industries and loan structures of the requested credit exposure are involved in all loan decisions and have the primary credit authority. for small business loans, we utilize a centralized loan approval process for standard products and structures. in this centralized decision environment, certain individuals who understand each local region may make credit-extension decisions to preserve our commitment to the communities in which we operate. in addition to disciplined and consistent judgmental factors, a sophisticated credit scoring process is used as a primary evaluation tool in the determination of approving a loan within the centralized loan approval process.
56 huntington bancshares incorporated in commercial lending, on-going credit management is dependent on the type and nature of the loan. we monitor all significant exposures on an on-going basis. all commercial credit extensions are assigned internal risk ratings reflecting the borrower's pd and lgd. this two-dimensional rating methodology provides granularity in the portfolio management process. the pd is rated and applied at the borrower level. the lgd is rated and applied based on the specific type of credit extension and the quality and lien position associated with the underlying collateral. the internal risk ratings are assessed at origination and updated at each periodic monitoring event. there is also extensive macro portfolio management analysis on an on-going basis. we continually review and adjust our risk-rating criteria based on actual experience, which provides us with the current risk level in the portfolio and is the basis for determining an appropriate acl amount for the commercial portfolio. a centralized portfolio management team monitors and reports on the performance of the entire commercial portfolio, including small business loans, to provide consistent oversight.
in addition to the initial credit analysis conducted during the approval process, our credit review group performs testing to provide an independent review and assessment of the quality and risk of new loan originations. this group is part of our risk management area and conducts portfolio reviews on a risk-based cycle to evaluate individual loans, validate risk ratings, and test the consistency of credit processes.
our standardized loan grading system considers many components that directly correlate to loan quality and likelihood of repayment, one of which is guarantor support. on an annual basis, or more frequently if warranted, we consider, among other things, the guarantor's reputation and creditworthiness, along with various key financial metrics such as liquidity and net worth, assuming such information is available. our assessment of the guarantor's credit strength, or lack thereof, is reflected in our risk ratings for such loans, which is directly tied to, and an integral component of, our acl methodology. when a loan goes to impaired status, viable guarantor support is considered in the determination of a credit loss.
if our assessment of the guarantor's credit strength yields an inherent capacity to perform, we will seek repayment from the guarantor as part of the collection process and have done so successfully.
substantially all loans categorized as classified (see note 3 "loans / leases and allowance for credit losses" of the notes to consolidated financial statements) are managed by sad. sad is a specialized group of credit professionals that handle the day-to-day management of workouts, commercial recoveries, and problem loan sales. its responsibilities include developing and implementing action plans, assessing risk ratings, and determining the appropriateness of the allowance, the accrual status, and the ultimate collectability of the classified loan portfolio.
c&i portfolio we manage the risks inherent in the c&i portfolio through origination policies, a defined loan concentration policy with established limits, on-going loan-level and portfolio-level reviews, recourse requirements, and continuous portfolio risk management activities. our origination policies for the c&i portfolio include loan product-type specific policies such as ltv and debt service coverage ratios, as applicable.
the c&i portfolio continues to have solid origination activity while we maintain a focus on high quality originations. we continue to maintain a proactive approach to identifying borrowers that may be facing financial difficulty in order to maximize the potential solutions. subsequent to the origination of the loan, the credit review group provides an independent review and assessment of the quality of the underwriting and risk of new loan originations.
cre portfolio we manage the risks inherent in this portfolio specific to cre lending, focusing on the quality of the developer and the specifics associated with each project. generally, we: (1) limit our loans to 80% of the appraised value of the commercial real estate at origination, (2) require net operating cash flows to be 120% of required interest and principal payments, and (3) if the commercial real estate is non-owner occupied, require that pre-leasing generate break even interest-only debt service. we actively monitor both geographic and project-type concentrations and performance metrics of all cre loan types, with a focus on loans identified as higher risk based on the risk rating methodology. both macro-level and loan-level stress-test scenarios based on existing and forecast market conditions are part of the on-going portfolio management process for the cre portfolio.
2019 form 10-k dedicated real estate professionals originate and manage the portfolio. the portfolio is diversified by project type and loan size, and this diversification represents a significant portion of the credit risk management strategies employed for this portfolio. subsequent to the origination of the loan, the credit review group provides an independent review and assessment of the quality of the underwriting and risk of new loan originations.
appraisal values are obtained in conjunction with all originations and renewals, and on an as-needed basis, in compliance with regulatory requirements and to ensure appropriate decisions regarding the on-going management of the portfolio reflect the changing market conditions. appraisals are obtained from approved vendors and are reviewed by an internal appraisal review group comprised of certified appraisers to ensure the quality of the valuation used in the underwriting process. we continue to perform on-going portfolio level reviews within the cre portfolio. these reviews generate action plans based on occupancy levels or sales volume associated with the projects being reviewed. this highly individualized process requires working closely with all of our borrowers, as well as an in-depth knowledge of cre project lending and the market environment.
consumer credit consumer credit approvals are based on, among other factors, the financial strength and payment history of the borrower, type of exposure, and transaction structure. consumer credit decisions are generally made in a centralized environment utilizing decision models. importantly, certain individuals who understand each local region have the authority to make credit extension decisions to preserve our focus on the local communities in which we operate. each credit extension is assigned a specific pd and lgd. the pd is generally based on the borrower's most recent credit bureau score (fico), which we update quarterly, providing an ongoing view of the borrowers pd. the lgd is related to the type of collateral associated with the credit extension, which typically does not change over the course of the loan term. this allows huntington to maintain a current view of the customer for credit risk management and acl purposes.
in consumer lending, credit risk is managed from a segment (i.e., loan type, collateral position, geography, etc.) and vintage performance analysis. all portfolio segments are continuously monitored for changes in delinquency trends and other asset quality indicators. we make extensive use of portfolio assessment models to continuously monitor the quality of the portfolio, which may result in changes to future origination strategies. the independent risk management group has a consumer process review component to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of the consumer credit processes.
collection actions by our customer assistance team are initiated as needed through a centrally managed collection and recovery function. we employ a series of collection methodologies designed to maintain a high level of effectiveness, while maximizing efficiency. in addition to the consumer loan portfolio, the customer assistance team is responsible for collection activity on all sold and securitized consumer loans and leases. collection practices include a single contact point for the majority of the residential real estate secured portfolios.
automobile portfolio our strategy in the automobile portfolio continues to focus on high quality borrowers as measured by both fico and internal custom scores, combined with appropriate ltvs, terms, and profitability. our strategy and operational capabilities allow us to appropriately manage the origination quality across the entire portfolio, including our newer markets. although increased origination volume and entering new markets can be associated with increased risk levels, we believe our disciplined strategy and operational processes significantly mitigate these risks.
we have continued to consistently execute our value proposition and take advantage of available market opportunities. importantly, we have maintained our high credit quality standards while expanding the portfolio.
residential real estate secured portfolios the properties securing our residential mortgage and home equity portfolios are primarily located within our geographic footprint. huntington continues to support our local markets with consistent underwriting across all residential secured products. the residential-secured portfolio originations continue to be of high quality, with the majority of the negative credit impact coming from loans originated prior to the financial crisis. our portfolio management strategies associated with our home savers group allow us to focus on effectively helping our customers with appropriate solutions for their specific circumstances.
huntington bancshares incorporated huntington underwrites all residential mortgage applications centrally, with a focus on higher quality borrowers. we do not originate residential mortgages that allow negative amortization or allow the borrower multiple payment options. residential mortgages are originated based on a completed full appraisal during the credit underwriting process. we update values in compliance with applicable regulations to facilitate our portfolio management, as well as our workout and loss mitigation functions.
we are subject to repurchase risk associated with residential mortgage loans sold in the secondary market. an appropriate level of reserve for representations and warranties related to residential mortgage loans sold has been established to address this repurchase risk inherent in the portfolio.
rv and marine portfolio our strategy in the rv and marine portfolio focuses on high quality borrowers, combined with appropriate ltvs, terms, and profitability. although entering new markets can be associated with increased risk levels, we believe our disciplined strategy and operational processes significantly mitigate these risks.
credit quality
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 3 "loans / leases and allowance for credit losses" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
we believe the most meaningful way to assess overall credit quality performance is through an analysis of specific performance ratios. this approach forms the basis of the discussion in the sections immediately following: npas, nals, tdrs, acl, and ncos. in addition, we utilize delinquency rates, risk distribution and migration patterns, product segmentation, and origination trends in the analysis of our credit quality performance.
credit quality performance in 2019 was weaker than prior periods due to volatility in the commercial portfolio. the consumer portfolio metrics continue to reflect our focus on high quality borrowers. total ncos were $265 million or 0.35% of average total loans and leases, an increase from $145 million or 0.20% in the prior year. there was a 29% increase in npas from the prior year. the alll to total loans and leases ratio increased by 1 basis point from the prior year to 1.04%.
npas and nals npas consist of (1) nals, which represent loans and leases no longer accruing interest, (2) oreo properties, and (3) other npas. any loan in our portfolio may be placed on nonaccrual status prior to the policies described below when collection of principal or interest is in doubt. also, when a borrower with discharged non-reaffirmed debt in a chapter 7 bankruptcy is identified and the loan is determined to be collateral dependent, the loan is placed on nonaccrual status.
commercial loans are placed on nonaccrual status at 90-days past due, or earlier if repayment of principal and interest is in doubt. of the $333 million of commercial related nals at december 31, 2019, $236 million, or 71%, represent loans that were less than 30-days past due, demonstrating our continued commitment to proactive credit risk management. with the exception of residential mortgage loans guaranteed by government organizations which continue to accrue interest, first lien loans secured by residential mortgage collateral are placed on nonaccrual status at 150-days past due. junior-lien home equity loans are placed on nonaccrual status at the earlier of 120-days past due or when the related first-lien loan has been identified as nonaccrual. automobile, rv and marine and other consumer loans are generally fully charged-off at 120-days past due.
when loans are placed on nonaccrual, accrued interest income is reversed with current year accruals charged to interest income and prior year amounts generally charged-off as a credit loss. when, in our judgment, the borrower's ability to make required interest and principal payments has resumed and collectability is no longer in doubt, the loan or lease could be returned to accrual status.
the following table reflects period-end nals and npas detail for each of the last five years:
table 10 - nonaccrual loans and leases and nonperforming assets december 31,
automobile home equity                                                           59                      62                      68                      72                      66
other consumer                                                         -                       -                       -                       -                       -
total nonperforming assets                                          $498                    $387                    $389                    $481                    $399
(1)   other nonperforming assets include certain impaired investment securities and/or nonaccrual loans held-for-sale.
(2)   nonperforming assets divided by the sum of loans and leases, other real estate owned, and other npas.
total npas increased by $111 million, or 29%, compared with december 31, 2018. the increase was due to a $135 million, or 72%, increase in the c&i portfolio, driven primarily by the oil and gas portfolio. oreo balances decreased $12 million, or 52%, from the prior year.
the following table reflects period-end accruing loans and leases 90 days or more past due for each of the last five years:
home equity                                                                                                        14                                                          12                   9
other consumer                                                                                                      7                   6                   5                   4                   1
(1)   amounts include huntington technology finance administrative lease delinquencies and accruing purchase impaired loans related to acquisitions.
tdr loans tdrs are modified loans where a concession was provided to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties. tdrs can be classified as either accruing or nonaccruing loans. nonaccruing tdrs are included in nals whereas accruing tdrs are excluded from nals, as it is probable that all contractual principal and interest due under the restructured terms will be collected. tdrs primarily reflect our loss mitigation efforts to proactively work with borrowers in financial difficulty or to comply with regulations regarding the treatment of certain bankruptcy filing and discharge situations. over the past five years, the accruing component of the total tdr balance has been consistently over 80%, indicating there is no identified credit loss and the borrowers continue to make their monthly payments. as of december 31, 2019, over 77% of the $449 million of accruing tdrs secured by residential real estate (residential mortgage and home equity in table 12) are current on their required payments, with over 62% of the accruing pool having had no delinquency in the past 12 months. there is limited migration from the accruing to non-accruing components, and virtually all of the charge-offs within this group of loans come from the non-accruing tdr balances.
the table below presents our accruing and nonaccruing tdrs at period-end for each of the past five years:
home equity                          226                     252                     265                     270                     199
other consumer                        11                       9                       8                       4                       4
automobile home equity                           26                      28                      28                      28                      21
other consumer                         -                       -                       -                       -                       -
our strategy is to structure tdrs in a manner that avoids new concessions subsequent to the initial tdr terms. however, there are times when subsequent modifications are required, such as when a loan matures. often loans are performing in accordance with the tdr terms, and a new note is originated with similar modified terms. these loans are subjected to the normal underwriting standards and processes for similar credit extensions, both new and existing. if the loan is not performing in accordance with the existing tdr terms, typically an individualized approach to repayment is established. in accordance with gaap, the refinanced note is evaluated to determine if it is considered a new loan or a continuation of the prior loan. a new loan is considered for the removal of the tdr designation. a continuation of the prior note requires the continuation of the tdr designation.
the types of concessions granted include below market interest rates, longer amortization or extended maturity date changes beyond what the collateral supports, as well as principal forgiveness based on the borrower's specific needs at a point in time. our policy does not limit the number of times a loan may be modified. a loan may be modified multiple times if it is considered to be in the best interest of both the borrower and us.
commercial loans are not automatically considered to be accruing tdrs upon the granting of a concession. if the loan is in accruing status and no loss is expected based on the modified terms, the modified tdr remains in accruing status. for loans that are on nonaccrual status before the modification, reasonable assurance of repayment under modified terms and demonstrated repayment performance for a minimum of six months is needed to return to accruing status. this six-month period could extend before or after the restructure date.
any granted change in terms or conditions that are not readily available in the market for that borrower, requires the designation as a tdr. there are no provisions for the removal of the tdr designation based on payment activity for consumer loans. a loan may be returned to accrual status when all contractually due interest and principal has been paid and the borrower demonstrates the financial capacity to continue to pay as agreed, with the risk of loss diminished.
acl our total credit reserve is comprised of two different components, both of which in our judgment are appropriate to absorb credit losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio: the alll and the aulc. combined, these reserves comprise the total acl. our acl methodology committee is responsible for developing the methodology, assumptions and estimates used in the calculation, as well as determining the appropriateness of the acl. the alll
62 huntington bancshares incorporated represents the estimate of incurred losses in the loan portfolio at the reported date. additions to the alll result from recording provision expense for loan losses or increased risk levels resulting from loan risk-rating downgrades or qualitative adjustments, while reductions reflect charge-offs (net of recoveries), decreased risk levels resulting from loan risk-rating upgrades, or the sale of loans. the aulc is determined by applying the same quantitative reserve determination process to the unfunded portion of the loan exposures adjusted by an applicable funding expectation. (see note 1 - "significant accounting policies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
our acl evaluation process includes the on-going assessment of credit quality metrics, and a comparison of certain acl benchmarks to current performance. while the total acl balance increased year over year, all of the relevant benchmarks remain strong.
the following table reflects activity in the alll and aulc for each of the last five years:
table 13 - summary of allowance for credit losses
consumer:
home equity                                                                               (21    )            (21    )            (20    )            (26    )            (36    )
other consumer                                                                            (95    )            (85    )            (72    )            (44    )            (32    )
total consumer                                                                           (197    )           (189    )           (180    )           (134    )           (120    )
consumer:
home equity                                                                                13                  15                  15                  17                  16
other consumer                                                                             12                   9                   7                   4                   6
total consumer                                                                                                                     52                  44                  44
provision for loan and lease losses                                                       277                 226                 212                 169                  89
allowance for assets sold and securitized or transferred to loans held for sale            (1    )              -                   -                 (20    )             (8    )
provision for (reduction in) unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit losses        10                   9                 (11    )             22                  11
fair value of acquired aulc                                                                 -                   -                   -                   4                   -
unfunded commitment losses                                                                 (2    )              -                   -                   -                   -
64 huntington bancshares incorporated the table below reflects the allocation of our alll among our various loan categories and the reported acl during each of the past five years:
table 14 - allocation of allowance for credit losses (1)
consumer automobile                          57            17                56            16                53            17                48            16                50            19
home equity                         50            12                55            13                60            14                65            15                84            17
other consumer                      80             2                74             2                60             2                36             1                23             1
total consumer                     231            51               230            49               209            49               187            47               199            49
at december 31, 2019, the alll was $783 million or 1.04% of total loans and leases, compared to $772 million or 1.03% at december 31, 2018. we believe the ratio is appropriate given the aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile of our loan portfolio and its coverage levels reflect the quality of our portfolio and the current operating environment. we continue to focus on early identification of loans with changes in credit metrics and have proactive action plans for these loans.
ncos a loan in any portfolio may be charged-off prior to the policies described below if a loss confirming event has occurred. loss confirming events include, but are not limited to, bankruptcy (unsecured), continued delinquency, foreclosure, or receipt of an asset valuation indicating a collateral deficiency where that asset is the sole source of repayment. additionally, discharged, collateral dependent non-reaffirmed debt in chapter 7 bankruptcy filings will result in a charge-off to estimated collateral value, less anticipated selling costs at the time of discharge.
commercial loans are either charged-off or written down to net realizable value by 90-days past due with the exception of administrative small ticket lease delinquencies. automobile loans, rv and marine, and other consumer loans are generally fully charged-off at 120-days past due. first-lien and junior-lien home equity loans are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs, at 150-days past due and 120-days past due, respectively. residential mortgages are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs, at 150-days past due. the remaining balance is in delinquent status until a modification can be completed, or the loan goes through the foreclosure process.
the following table reflects nco detail for each of the last five years:
consumer:
home equity                                       8                 6                 5                 9                20
other consumer                                   83                76                65                41                26
total consumer                                  140               131               128                90                76
consumer:
home equity                                    0.08              0.06              0.05              0.10              0.23
other consumer                                 6.62              6.27              6.36              5.53              5.44
total consumer                                 0.37              0.36              0.39              0.32              0.32
in assessing nco trends, it is helpful to understand the process of how commercial loans are treated as they deteriorate over time. the alll is established consistent with the level of risk associated with the commercial portfolio's original underwriting. as a part of our normal portfolio management process for commercial loans, loans within the portfolio are periodically reviewed and the alll is increased or decreased based on the updated risk ratings. for tdrs and individually assessed impaired loans, a specific reserve is established based on the discounted projected cash flows or collateral value of the specific loan. charge-offs, if necessary, are generally recognized in a period after the specific alll is established. consumer loans are treated in much the same manner as commercial loans, with increasing reserve factors applied based on the risk characteristics of the loan, although specific reserves are not identified for consumer loans, except for tdrs. in summary, if loan quality deteriorates, the typical credit sequence would be periods of reserve building, followed by periods of higher ncos as the previously established alll is utilized. additionally, an increase in the alll either precedes or is in conjunction with increases in nals. when a loan is classified as nal, it is evaluated for specific alll or charge-off. as a result, an increase in nals does not necessarily result in an increase in the alll or an expectation of higher future ncos.
ncos increased $120 million, or 83%, in 2019. the increase from the year-ago period was primarily centered in the commercial portfolio.
market risk market risk refers to potential losses arising from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices and commodity prices, including the correlation among these factors and their volatility. when the value of an instrument is tied to such external factors, the holder faces market risk. we are primarily exposed to interest rate risk as a result of offering a wide array of financial products to our customers and secondarily to price risk from trading securities, securities owned by our broker-dealer subsidiaries, foreign exchange positions, equity investments, and investments in securities backed by mortgage loans.
interest rate risk we actively manage interest rate risk, as changes in market interest rates may have a significant impact on reported earnings. changes in market interest rates may result in changes in the fair market value of our financial instruments, cash flows, and net interest income. we seek to achieve consistent growth in net interest income and capital while managing volatility arising from shifts in market interest rates. the alco oversees interest rate and mortgage price risk, as well as the establishment of risk measures, limits, and policy guidelines for managing the amount of interest rate and mortgage price risk and its effect on net interest income and capital. responsibility for measuring and the management of interest rate risk resides with corporate treasury.
interest rate risk on our balance sheet consists of reprice, option, and basis risks. reprice risk results from differences in the maturity, or repricing, of asset and liability portfolios. option risk arises from embedded options present in the investment portfolio and in many financial instruments such as loan prepayment options, deposit early withdrawal options, and interest rate options. these options allow customers opportunities to benefit when market interest rates change, which typically results in higher costs or lower revenue for us. basis risk refers to the potential for changes in the underlying relationship between market rates or indices, which subsequently result in a narrowing of profit spread on an earning asset or liability. basis risk is also present in administered rate liabilities, such as interest-bearing checking accounts, savings accounts, and money market accounts where historical pricing relationships to market rates may change due to the level or directional change in market interest rates. the interest rate risk position is measured and monitored using risk management tools, including earnings simulation modeling and eve sensitivity analysis, which capture both short-term and long-term interest rate risk exposures. combining the results from these separate risk measurement processes allows a reasonably comprehensive view of our short-term and long-term interest rate risks.
interest rate risk measurement is calculated and reported to the alco monthly and roc at least quarterly. the reported information includes period-end results and identifies any policy limits exceeded, along with an assessment of the policy limit breach and the action plan and timeline for resolution, mitigation, or assumption of the risk.
we use two approaches to model interest rate risk: net interest income at risk (nii at risk) and economic value of equity at risk modeling sensitivity analysis (eve).
nii at risk uses net interest income simulation analysis which involves forecasting net interest earnings under a variety of scenarios including changes in the level of interest rates, the shape of the yield curve, and spreads between market interest rates. the sensitivity of net interest income to changes in interest rates is measured using numerous interest rate scenarios including shocks, gradual ramps, curve flattening, curve steepening as well as forecasts of likely interest rates scenarios. modeling the sensitivity of net interest earnings to changes in market interest rates is highly dependent on numerous assumptions incorporated into the modeling process. to the extent that actual performance is different than what was assumed, actual net interest earnings sensitivity may be different than projected. the assumptions used in the models are our best estimates based on studies conducted by the treasury group. the treasury group uses a data warehouse to study interest rate risk at a transactional level and uses various ad-hoc reports to continuously refine assumptions. assumptions and methodologies regarding administered rate liabilities (e.g., savings accounts, money market accounts and interest-bearing checking accounts), balance trends, and repricing relationships reflect our best estimate of expected behavior and these assumptions are reviewed regularly.
2019 form 10-k we also have longer-term interest rate risk exposure, which may not be appropriately measured by earnings sensitivity analysis. the alco uses eve to study the impact of long-term cash flows on earnings and on capital. eve involves discounting present values of all cash flows of on and off-balance sheet items under different interest rate scenarios. the discounted present value of all cash flows represents our eve. the analysis requires modifying the expected cash flows in each interest rate scenario, which will impact the discounted present value. the amount of base-case measurement and its sensitivity to shifts in the yield curve allow us to measure longer-term repricing and option risk in the balance sheet.
basis point change scenario   -100                 +100                 +200
board policy limits (1)       -2.0   %             -2.0   %             -4.0   %
(1)   the policy limit for the -100 basis point scenario changed from -4.0%, which was in effect at december 31, 2018, to -2.0% as of september 30, 2019.
the nii at risk results included in the table above reflect the analysis used monthly by management. it models gradual -100, +100 and +200 basis point parallel shifts in market interest rates, implied by the forward yield curve over the next twelve months. the decrease in sensitivity was driven by the purchase of interest rate floors as well as additional interest rate swaps, changes to the actual and forecasted portfolio composition, and movements in market rates.
our nii at risk is within our board of directors' policy limits for the -100, +100 and +200 basis point scenarios. the nii at risk shows that our balance sheet is asset sensitive at both december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018.
table 17 - economic value of equity at risk economic value of equity at risk (%)
basis point change scenario   -100                 +100                 +200
board policy limits           -6.0   %             -6.0   %             -12.0   %
the eve results included in the table above reflect the analysis used monthly by management. it models immediate -100, +100 and +200 basis point parallel shifts in market interest rates.
we are within our risk appetite policy limits, established by the risk oversight committee (roc), for the -100, +100 and +200 basis point scenarios. the eve depicts an asset sensitive balance sheet profile in the -100 basis point scenario and a liability sensitive profile due to additional convexity in the +100 and +200 basis point scenarios. the decline in asset sensitivity was driven by slower security prepayments, deposit runoff assumption changes, and the addition of interest rate swaps and floors mentioned above.
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 5 - "mortgage loan sales and servicing rights" of notes to consolidated financial statements.)
at december 31, 2019, we had a total of $212 million of capitalized msrs representing the right to service $22 billion in mortgage loans. of this $212 million, $205 million was recorded using the amortization method and $7 million was recorded using the fair value method. as of january 1, 2020, huntington made an irrevocable election to subsequently measure all classes of residential msrs at fair value in order to eliminate any potential measurement mismatch between our economic hedges and the msrs. the impact of the irrevocable election was not material.
msr fair values are sensitive to movements in interest rates as expected future net servicing income depends on the projected outstanding principal balances of the underlying loans, which can be reduced by prepayments. prepayments usually increase when mortgage interest rates decline and decrease when mortgage interest rates rise. we also employ hedging strategies to reduce the risk of msr fair value changes or impairment. however, volatile changes in interest rates can diminish the effectiveness of these economic hedges. we report changes in the msr value net of hedge-related trading activity in the mortgage banking income category of noninterest income.
68 huntington bancshares incorporated decreases in fair value of the msr, below amortized costs, would be recognized as a decrease in mortgage banking income. any increase in the fair value, to the extent of prior impairment, would be recognized as an increase in mortgage banking income.
msr assets are included in servicing rights and other intangible assets in the consolidated financial statements.
price risk price risk represents the risk of loss arising from adverse movements in the prices of financial instruments that are carried at fair value and are subject to fair value accounting. we have price risk from trading securities, securities owned by our broker-dealer subsidiaries, foreign exchange positions, derivative instruments, and equity investments. we have established loss limits on the trading portfolio, on the amount of foreign exchange exposure that can be maintained, and on the amount of marketable equity securities that can be held.
liquidity risk liquidity risk is the possibility of us being unable to meet current and future financial obligations in a timely manner. liquidity is managed to ensure stable, reliable, and cost-effective sources of funds to satisfy demand for credit, deposit withdrawals and investment opportunities. we consider core earnings, strong capital ratios, and credit quality essential for maintaining high credit ratings, which allows us cost-effective access to market-based liquidity. we rely on a large, stable core deposit base and a diversified base of wholesale funding sources to manage liquidity risk. the alco is appointed by the roc to oversee liquidity risk management and the establishment of liquidity risk policies and limits. liquidity risk is managed centrally by corporate treasury. the position is evaluated daily, weekly, and monthly by analyzing the composition of all funding sources, reviewing projected liquidity commitments by future months, and identifying sources and uses of funds. the overall management of our liquidity position is also integrated into retail and commercial pricing policies to ensure a stable core deposit base. liquidity risk is reviewed and managed continuously for the bank and the parent company, as well as its subsidiaries. in addition, liquidity working groups meet regularly to identify and monitor liquidity positions, provide policy guidance, review funding strategies, and oversee the adherence to, and maintenance of, the contingency funding plans.
our primary source of liquidity is our core deposit base. core deposits comprised approximately 97% of total deposits at december 31, 2019. we also have available unused wholesale sources of liquidity, including advances from the fhlb, issuance through dealers in the capital markets, and access to certificates of deposit issued through brokers. liquidity is further provided by unencumbered, or unpledged, investment securities that totaled $19.5 billion as of december 31, 2019. the treasury department also prepares a contingency funding plan that details the potential erosion of funds in the event of a systemic financial market crisis or institutional-specific stress scenario. an example of an institution specific event would be a downgrade in our public credit rating by a rating agency due to factors such as deterioration in asset quality, a large charge to earnings, a decline in profitability or other financial measures, or a significant merger or acquisition. examples of systemic events unrelated to us that could have an effect on our access to liquidity would be terrorism or war, natural disasters, political events, or the default or bankruptcy of a major corporation, mutual fund or hedge fund. similarly, market speculation or rumors about us, or the banking industry in general, may adversely affect the cost and availability of normal funding sources. the liquidity contingency plan therefore outlines the process for addressing a liquidity crisis. the plan provides for an evaluation of funding sources under various market conditions. it also assigns specific roles and responsibilities and communication protocols for effectively managing liquidity through a problem period.
investment securities portfolio
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 4 - "investment securities and other securities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
our investment securities portfolio is evaluated under established alco objectives. changing market conditions could affect the profitability of the portfolio, as well as the level of interest rate risk exposure.
the composition and contractual maturity of the portfolio is presented on the following two tables:
table 18 - investment securities and other securities portfolio summary
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                    at december 31, available-for-sale securities, at fair value:                                      2019                2018                2017
u.s. treasury, federal agency, and other agency securities                  $10,458              $9,968             $10,413
municipal securities                                                          3,055               3,440               3,878
total available-for-sale securities                                         $14,149             $13,780             $14,869
held-to-maturity securities, at cost:
federal agency and other agency securities                                   $9,066              $8,560              $9,086
municipal securities                                                                                                      5
total held-to-maturity securities                                            $9,070              $8,565              $9,091
other securities:
other securities, at cost:
non-marketable equity securities (1)                                           $387                $543                $581
other securities, at fair value:
marketable equity securities                                                                                              1
total other securities                                                         $441                $565                $600
(2)   the average duration assumes a market driven prepayment rate on securities subject to prepayment.
table 19 - investment securities portfolio composition and maturity at december 31, 2019
available-for-sale securities, at fair value:
municipal securities                                       167                                            3.79              1,067                       3.56                      1,305                    3.50                     516             3.77                  3,055             3.58
asset-backed securities                                    48                                             2.66                       31                 3.39                         49                    3.65                     451             3.13                    579             3.15
other securities/sovereign debt                            1                                              3.01                                          2.60                          -                       -                       -                -                                    2.68
total available-for-sale securities                        $229                                           3.45   %          $1,189                      3.52   %                 $1,606                    3.37       %         $11,125             2.79      %         $14,149             2.93      %
held-to-maturity securities, at cost:
municipal securities                                       -                                              -                 -                              -                          -                       -                       4             2.63                      4             2.63
total held-to-maturity securities                          $-                                             -      %          $17                         2.15   %                   $300                    2.78       %          $8,753             2.70      %          $9,070             2.70      %
70 huntington bancshares incorporated bank liquidity and sources of funding our primary sources of funding for the bank are retail and commercial core deposits. at december 31, 2019, these core deposits funded 73% of total assets (105% of total loans). other sources of liquidity include non-core deposits, fhlb advances, wholesale debt instruments, and securitizations. demand deposit overdrafts have been reclassified as loan balances and were $25 million and $23 million at december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, respectively.
the following table reflects contractual maturities of certain deposits at december 31, 2019.
table 20 - maturity schedule of time deposits, brokered deposits, and negotiable cds at december 31, 2019
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                      3 monthsor less               3 monthsto 6 months              6 monthsto 12 months               12 monthsor more          total other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more and brokered deposits and negotiable cds          $2,903                             $326                              $192                             $47                  $3,468
other domestic time deposits of $100,000 or more and brokered deposits and negotiable cds          $3,426                             $816                              $455                            $183                  $4,880
the following table reflects deposit composition detail for each of the last three years:
table 21 - deposit composition at december 31,
demand deposits-noninterest-bearing             $20,247              %         $21,783               %         $21,546         28   %
demand deposits-interest-bearing                 20,583         25              20,042          24              18,001         23
money market deposits                            24,726         30              22,721          27              20,690         27
savings and other domestic deposits               9,549         12              10,451          12              11,270         15
core certificates of deposit (2)                  4,356          5               5,924           7               1,934          3
total core deposits:                             79,461         97              80,921          96              73,441         96
other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more         313          -       337                     -                 239          -
brokered deposits and negotiable cds              2,573                          3,516                           3,361          4
total deposits                                  $82,347        100   %         $84,774         100   %         $77,041        100   %
total core deposits:
consumer                                         44,504         56              43,653          54              39,168         53
total core deposits                             $79,461        100   %         $80,921         100   %         $73,441        100   %
(1)   december 31, 2018 includes $210 million of noninterest-bearing and $662 million of interesting bearing deposits classified as held-for-sale.
(2)   includes consumer certificates of deposit of $250,000 or more.
the bank maintains borrowing capacity at the fhlb and the federal reserve bank discount window. the bank does not consider borrowing capacity from the federal reserve bank discount window as a primary source of liquidity. total loans and securities pledged to the federal reserve bank discount window and the fhlb are $39.6 billion and $46.5 billion at december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, respectively.
to the extent we are unable to obtain sufficient liquidity through core deposits, we may meet our liquidity needs through sources of wholesale funding, asset securitization or sale. sources of wholesale funding include other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more, brokered deposits and negotiable cds, short-term borrowings, and long-term debt. at december 31, 2019, total wholesale funding was $15.3 billion, an increase from $14.5 billion at december 31, 2018. the increase from the prior year-end primarily relates to an increase in short-term borrowings and issuance of long-term debt, partially offset by a decrease in brokered deposits and negotiable cds.
at december 31, 2019, we believe the bank has sufficient liquidity to meet its cash flow obligations for the foreseeable future.
table 22 - maturity schedule of commercial loans at december 31, 2019
at december 31, 2019, the market value of investment securities pledged to secure public and trust deposits, trading account liabilities, u.s. treasury demand notes, and security repurchase agreements totaled $3.8 billion. there were no securities of a single issuer, which are not governmental or government-sponsored, that exceeded 10% of shareholders' equity at december 31, 2019.
parent company liquidity the parent company's funding requirements consist primarily of dividends to shareholders, debt service, income taxes, operating expenses, funding of nonbank subsidiaries, repurchases of our stock, and acquisitions. the parent company obtains funding to meet obligations from dividends and interest received from the bank, interest and dividends received from direct subsidiaries, net taxes collected from subsidiaries included in the federal consolidated tax return, fees for services provided to subsidiaries, and the issuance of debt securities.
on january 22, 2020, the board of directors declared a quarterly common stock cash dividend of $0.15 per common share. the dividend is payable on april 1, 2020, to shareholders of record on march 18, 2020. based on the current quarterly dividend of $0.15 per common share, cash demands required for common stock dividends are estimated to be approximately $153 million per quarter. on january 22, 2020, the board of directors declared a quarterly series b, series c, series d, and series e preferred stock dividend payable on april 15, 2020 to shareholders of record on april 1, 2020. cash demands required for series b preferred stock are expected to be less than $1 million per quarter. cash demands required for series c, series d and series e are expected to be approximately $2 million, $9 million, and $7 million per quarter, respectively.
during 2019, the bank paid preferred and common dividends of $45 million and $640 million, respectively. during 2019, the bank also repaid subordinate debt of $683 million to the holding company. to meet any additional liquidity needs, the parent company may issue debt or equity securities from time to time.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the normal course of business, we enter into various off-balance sheet arrangements. these arrangements include commitments to extend credit, interest rate swaps and floors, financial guarantees contained in standby letters-of-credit issued by the bank, and commitments by the bank to sell mortgage loans.
commitments to extend credit commitments to extend credit generally have fixed expiration dates, are variable-rate, and contain clauses that permit huntington to terminate or otherwise renegotiate the contracts in the event of a significant deterioration in the customer's credit quality. these arrangements normally require the payment of a fee by the customer, the pricing of which is based on prevailing market conditions, credit quality, probability of funding, and other relevant factors. since many of these commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the contract amounts are not necessarily indicative of future cash requirements. the interest rate risk arising from these financial instruments is insignificant as a result of their predominantly short-term, variable-rate nature. see note 21 - "commitments and contingent liabilities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
72 huntington bancshares incorporated interest rate swaps balance sheet hedging activity is arranged to receive hedge accounting treatment and is classified as either fair value or cash flow hedges. fair value hedges are purchased to convert deposits and long-term debt from fixed-rate obligations to floating rate. cash flow hedges are also used to convert floating rate loans made to customers into fixed rate loans. see note 19 - "derivative financial instruments" of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
standby letters-of-credit standby letters-of-credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third-party. these guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing, and similar transactions. most of these arrangements mature within two years and are expected to expire without being drawn upon. standby letters-of-credit are included in the determination of the amount of risk-based capital that the parent company and the bank are required to hold. through our credit process, we monitor the credit risks of outstanding standby letters-of-credit. when it is probable that a standby letter-of-credit will be drawn and not repaid in full, a loss is recognized in the provision for credit losses. see note 21 - "commitments and contingent liabilities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
commitments to sell loans activity related to our mortgage origination activity supports the hedging of the mortgage pricing commitments to customers and the secondary sale to third parties. in addition, we have commitments to sell residential real estate loans. these contracts mature in less than one year. see note 21 - "commitments and contingent liabilities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
we believe that off-balance sheet arrangements are properly considered in our liquidity risk management process.
less than 1 year           1 to 3years           3 to 5years       more than5 years                    total deposits without a stated maturity                      $77,066                      $-                    $-             $-                            $77,066
certificates of deposit and other time deposits           4,671                     566                    44             -                               5,281
purchase commitments                                        111                     117                    14                         8           250
operational risk operational risk is the risk of loss due to human error, inadequate or failed internal systems and controls, including the use of financial or other quantitative methodologies that may not adequately predict future results; violations of, or noncompliance with, laws, rules, regulations, prescribed practices, or ethical standards; and external influences such as market conditions, fraudulent activities, disasters, and security risks. we continuously strive to strengthen our system of internal controls to ensure compliance with laws, rules, and regulations, and to improve the oversight of our operational risk. we actively monitor cyberattacks such as attempts related to online deception and loss of sensitive customer data. we evaluate internal systems, processes and controls to mitigate loss from cyber-attacks and, to date, have not experienced any material losses.
our objective for managing cyber security risk is to avoid or minimize the impacts of external threat events or other efforts to penetrate our systems. we work to achieve this objective by hardening networks and systems against attack, and by diligently managing visibility and monitoring controls within our data and communications environment to recognize events and respond before the attacker has the opportunity to plan and execute on its own goals. to this end we employ a set of defense in-depth strategies, which include efforts to make us less attractive as a target and less vulnerable to threats, while investing in threat analytic capabilities for rapid detection and response. potential concerns related to cyber security may be escalated to our board-level technology
committee, as appropriate. as a complement to the overall cyber security risk management, we use a number of internal training methods, both formally through mandatory courses and informally through written communications and other updates. internal policies and procedures have been implemented to encourage the reporting of potential phishing attacks or other security risks. we also use third-party services to test the effectiveness of our cyber security risk management framework, and any such third parties are required to comply with our policies regarding information security and confidentiality.
to mitigate operational risks, we have an operational risk committee, a legal, regulatory, and compliance committee, funds movement committee, and a third party risk management committee. the responsibilities of these committees, among other duties, include establishing and maintaining management information systems to monitor material risks and to identify potential concerns, risks, or trends that may have a significant impact and ensuring that recommendations are developed to address the identified issues. in addition, we have a model risk oversight committee that is responsible for policies and procedures describing how model risk is evaluated and managed and the application of the governance process to implement these practices throughout the enterprise. these committees report any significant findings and recommendations to the risk management committee. potential concerns may be escalated to our roc and the audit committee, as appropriate. significant findings or issues are escalated by the third party risk management committee to the technology committee of the board, as appropriate.
the goal of this framework is to implement effective operational risk techniques and strategies; minimize operational, fraud, and legal losses; minimize the impact of inadequately designed models and enhance our overall performance.
compliance risk financial institutions are subject to many laws, rules, and regulations at both the federal and state levels. these broad-based laws, rules, and regulations include, but are not limited to, expectations relating to anti-money laundering, lending limits, client privacy, fair lending, prohibitions against unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices, protections for military members as they enter active duty, and community reinvestment. the volume and complexity of recent regulatory changes have increased our overall compliance risk. as such, we utilize various resources to help ensure expectations are met, including a team of compliance experts dedicated to ensuring our conformance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. our colleagues receive training for several broad-based laws and regulations including, but not limited to, anti-money laundering and customer privacy. additionally, colleagues engaged in lending activities receive training for laws and regulations related to flood disaster protection, equal credit opportunity, fair lending, and/or other courses related to the extension of credit. we set a high standard of expectation for adherence to compliance management and seek to continuously enhance our performance.
capital
(this section should be read in conjunction with the "regulatory matters" section included in part i, item 1: business and note 22 - "other regulatory matters" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
both regulatory capital and shareholders' equity are managed at the bank and on a consolidated basis. we have an active program for managing capital and maintain a comprehensive process for assessing the company's overall capital adequacy. we believe our current levels of both regulatory capital and shareholders' equity are adequate.
74 huntington bancshares incorporated regulatory capital we are subject to the basel iii capital requirements including the standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets in accordance with subpart d of the final capital rule. the following table presents risk-weighted assets and other financial data necessary to calculate certain financial ratios, including cet1, which we use to measure capital adequacy.
table 24 - capital under current regulatory standards (basel iii)
cet 1 risk-based capital ratio:
total shareholders' equity                                                          $11,795                                     $11,102
regulatory capital adjustments:
shareholders' preferred equity and related surplus                                   (1,207          )                           (1,207          )
deferred tax assets that arise from tax loss and credit carryforwards                   (44          )                              (33          )
cet 1 capital                                                                         8,647                                       8,271
additional tier 1 capital shareholders' preferred equity and related surplus                                    1,207                                       1,207
tier 1 capital                                                                        9,854                                       9,478
qualifying allowance for loan and lease losses                                          887                                         868
total risk-based capital                                                            $11,413                                     $11,122
risk-weighted assets (rwa)                                                          $87,512                                     $85,687
cet 1 risk-based capital ratio                                                         9.88          %                             9.65          %
other regulatory capital data:
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio                                                       11.26                                       11.06
total risk-based capital ratio                                                        13.04                                       12.98
tier 1 leverage ratio                                                                  9.26                                        9.10
table 25 - capital adequacy-non-regulatory (non-gaap)
consolidated capital calculations:
common shareholders' equity                             $10,592                              $9,899
preferred shareholders' equity                            1,203                               1,203
total shareholders' equity                               11,795                              11,102
other intangible assets (1)                                (183        )                       (222        )
total tangible equity                                     9,622                               8,891
preferred shareholders' equity                           (1,203        )                     (1,203        )
total tangible common equity                             $8,419                              $7,688
total assets                                           $109,002                            $108,781
other intangible assets (1)                                (183        )                       (222        )
total tangible assets                                  $106,829                            $106,570
tangible equity / tangible asset ratio                     9.01        %                       8.34        %
tangible common equity / tangible asset ratio              7.88                                7.21
tangible common equity / rwa ratio                         9.62                                8.97
(1)   other intangible assets are net of deferred tax liability.
2019 form 10-k the following table presents certain regulatory capital data at both the consolidated and bank levels for the past two years:
table 26 - regulatory capital data at december 31,
total risk-weighted assets           consolidated     $87,512               $85,687
cet 1 risk-based capital             consolidated       8,647                 8,271
tier 1 risk-based capital            consolidated       9,854                 9,478
tier 2 risk-based capital            consolidated       1,559                 1,644
total risk-based capital             consolidated      11,413                11,122
cet 1 risk-based capital ratio       consolidated        9.88    %             9.65    %
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio      consolidated       11.26                 11.06
total risk-based capital ratio       consolidated       13.04                 12.98
tier 1 leverage ratio                consolidated        9.26                  9.10
at december 31, 2019, we maintained basel iii capital ratios in excess of the well-capitalized standards established by the frb. all capital ratios were impacted by the repurchase of 31.4 million common shares during 2019.
shareholders' equity we generate shareholders' equity primarily through the retention of earnings, net of dividends and share repurchases. other potential sources of shareholders' equity include issuances of common and preferred stock. our objective is to maintain capital at an amount commensurate with our risk profile and risk tolerance objectives, to meet both regulatory and market expectations, and to provide the flexibility needed for future growth and business opportunities.
shareholders' equity totaled $11.8 billion at december 31, 2019, an increase of $0.7 billion when compared with december 31, 2018.
on june 27, 2019, huntington announced proposed capital actions included in huntington's 2019 capital plan. these actions include a 7% increase in the quarterly dividend per common share to $0.15, starting in the third quarter of 2019, the repurchase of up to $513 million of common stock over the next four quarters (july 1, 2019 through june 30, 2020), and maintaining dividends on the outstanding classes of preferred stock and trust preferred securities. any capital actions, including those contemplated above, are subject to approval by huntington's board of directors.
on july 17, 2019, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $513 million of common shares over the four quarters through the 2020 second quarter. purchases of common stock under the authorization may include open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, and accelerated repurchase programs. during the 2019 fourth quarter, huntington repurchased a total of 13.1 million shares at a weighted average share price of $14.96.
huntington bancshares incorporated dividends we consider disciplined capital management as a key objective, with dividends representing one component. our strong capital ratios and expectations for continued earnings growth positions us to continue to actively explore additional capital management opportunities.
share repurchases from time to time the board of directors authorizes the company to repurchase shares of our common stock. although we announce when the board of directors authorizes share repurchases, we typically do not give any public notice before we repurchase our shares. future stock repurchases may be private or open-market repurchases, including block transactions, accelerated or delayed block transactions, forward transactions, and similar transactions. various factors determine the amount and timing of our share repurchases, including our capital requirements, the number of shares we expect to issue for employee benefit plans and acquisitions, market conditions (including the trading price of our stock), and regulatory and legal considerations. there were 31.4 million shares of common stock repurchased during 2019.
business segment discussion overview our business segments are based on our internally-aligned segment leadership structure, which is how we monitor results and assess performance. we have four major business segments: consumer and business banking, commercial banking, vehicle finance, and regional banking and the huntington private client group (rbhpcg). the treasury / other function includes technology and operations, other unallocated assets, liabilities, revenue, and expense.
business segment results are determined based upon our management practices, which assigns balance sheet and income statement items to each of the business segments. the process is designed around our organizational and management structure and, accordingly, the results derived are not necessarily comparable with similar information published by other financial institutions.
for a discussion of business segment trends for 2018 versus 2017, see "part ii, item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" business segment discussion included in our 2018 form 10-k, filed with the sec on february 15, 2019.
revenue sharing revenue is recorded in the business segment responsible for the related product or service. fee sharing is recorded to allocate portions of such revenue to other business segments involved in selling to, or providing service to, customers. results of operations for the business segments reflect these fee sharing allocations.
expense allocation the management process that develops the business segment reporting utilizes various estimates and allocation methodologies to measure the performance of the business segments. expenses are allocated to business segments using a two-phase approach. the first phase consists of measuring and assigning unit costs (activity-based costs) to activities related to product origination and servicing. these activity-based costs are then extended, based on volumes, with the resulting amount allocated to business segments that own the related products. the second phase consists of the allocation of overhead costs to all four business segments from treasury / other. we utilize a full-allocation methodology, where all treasury / other expenses, except reported significant items, if any, and a small amount of other residual unallocated expenses, are allocated to the four business segments.
2019 form 10-k funds transfer pricing (ftp)
we use an active and centralized ftp methodology to attribute appropriate net interest income to the business segments. the intent of the ftp methodology is to transfer interest rate risk from the business segments by providing matched duration funding of assets and liabilities. the result is to centralize the financial impact, management, and reporting of interest rate risk in the treasury / other function where it can be centrally monitored and managed. the treasury / other function charges (credits) an internal cost of funds for assets held in (or pays for funding provided by) each business segment. the ftp rate is based on prevailing market interest rates for comparable duration assets (or liabilities). during 2019, the company updated and refined its ftp methodology primarily related to the allocation of deposit funding costs. prior period amounts presented below have been restated to reflect the new methodology.
net income by business segment net income by business segment for the past three years is presented in the following table:
table 27 - net income by business segment year ended december 31,
consumer and business banking        $635                    $502                    $374
treasury / other the treasury / other function includes revenue and expense related to assets, liabilities, and equity not directly assigned or allocated to one of the four business segments. assets include investment securities and bank owned life insurance. net interest income includes the impact of administering our investment securities portfolios, the net impact of derivatives used to hedge interest rate sensitivity as well as the financial impact associated with our ftp methodology, as described above. noninterest income includes miscellaneous fee income not allocated to other business segments, such as bank owned life insurance income and securities and trading asset gains or losses. noninterest expense includes certain corporate administrative, and other miscellaneous expenses not allocated to other business segments. the provision for income taxes for the business segments is calculated at a statutory 21% tax rate and a 35% tax rate for periods prior to january 1, 2018, although our overall effective tax rate is lower. as a result, treasury / other reflects a credit for income taxes representing the difference between the lower effective tax rate and the statutory tax rate used at the time to allocate income taxes to the business segments.
78 huntington bancshares incorporated consumer and business banking table 28 - key performance indicators for consumer and business banking year ended december 31,                          change from 2018
provision for credit losses                                 114                     137                     (23     )         (17     )               105
provision for income taxes                                  169                     133                      36                27                     201
total average assets                                    $25,411                 $25,147                    $264                 1                 $24,134
total average deposits                                   51,645                  47,782                   3,863                 8                  45,226
consumer and business banking, including home lending, reported net income of $635 million in 2019, an increase of $133 million, or 26%, compared with net income of $502 million in 2018. segment net interest income increased $39 million, or 2%, primarily due to an increase in average deposits. the provision for credit losses decreased $23 million, or 17%. noninterest income increased $81 million, or 11%, primarily due to increased mortgage banking income due to higher salable volumes and spreads, card interchange income from higher transaction volumes, and increased service charge income on deposit accounts. noninterest expense decreased $26 million, or 2%, due to decreased personnel, occupancy, and equipment expense as a result of branch consolidations and divestitures, as well as reduced fdic insurance expense.
home lending, an operating unit of consumer and business banking, reflects the result of the origination, sale, and servicing of mortgage loans less referral fees and net interest income for mortgage banking products distributed by the retail branch network and other business segments. home lending reported net income of $23 million in 2019, compared with a loss of $8 million in the prior year. total revenues increased largely due to higher origination volume, higher secondary marketing spreads, and net msr risk management. revenue increases were partially offset by an increase in noninterest expense as a result of higher origination volumes and higher indirect expense allocations.
commercial banking table 29 - key performance indicators for commercial banking year ended december 31,                            change from 2018
provision for credit losses                                 132                      42                      90                 214                      33
provision for income taxes                                  147                     166                     (19     )           (11   )                 267
total average assets                                    $33,843                 $31,209                  $2,634                   8                 $29,278
total average deposits                                   21,072                  22,197                  (1,125     )            (5   )              21,166
commercial banking reported net income of $553 million in 2019, a decrease of $71 million, or 11%, compared with net income of $624 million in 2018. segment net interest income increased $24 million, or 2%, primarily due to the higher value of deposits as a source of funding. net interest margin decreased 4 basis points, driven by a decline in loan and lease spreads and a $1.1 billion decline in deposits. the provision for credit losses increased $90 million, or 214%, primarily due to net charge-offs of $93 million in 2019 compared to a net recovery of $7 million in the prior year. noninterest income increased $38 million, or 12%, largely driven by an increase in capital markets related revenues primarily due to increased underwriting activity driven by the acquisition of hse in the fourth quarter of 2018 and customer interest rate derivatives as well as an increase in equipment finance related fee income. noninterest expense increased $62 million, or 12%, primarily due to an increase in personnel expense and allocated overhead, which was driven by the acquisition of hse, and other taxes related to the adoption of the new lease accounting standard, partially offset by lower fdic insurance expense.
vehicle finance table 30 - key performance indicators for vehicle finance year ended december 31,                          change from 2018
provision (reduction in allowance) for credit losses          44                      55                     (11     )         (20   )                  63
provision for income taxes                                    45                      43                       2                 5                      83
total average assets                                     $19,393                 $18,430                    $963                 5                 $16,903
total average deposits                                       333                     338                      (5     )          (1   )                 335
vehicle finance reported net income of $172 million in 2019, an increase of $10 million, or 6%, compared with net income of $162 million in 2018. the increase was driven by a lower provision for credit losses primarily resulting from continued strong credit quality of new loan originations. segment net interest income increased $5 million or 1%, due to a $1.0 billion increase in average loan balances, offset in part by an 8 basis point reduction in the net interest margin. the increase in average loans included a $0.6 billion increase in rv and marine loans primarily resulting from expansions of lending activities in new markets in 2017 and 2018 while maintaining our commitment to super prime originations and a $0.3 billion increase in average floor plan and other commercial loans. the decline in net interest margin is primarily a result of the continued run-off of the higher yielding acquired loan portfolios. the increase in noninterest expense was due to higher costs associated with servicing a larger loan portfolio and production levels.
regional banking and the huntington private client group table 31 - key performance indicators for regional banking and the huntington private client group year ended december 31,                                        change from 2018
provision (reduction in allowance) for credit losses                  (3         )                             1                                (4       )            (400       )                       -
provision for income taxes                                            30                                      32                                (2       )              (6       )                      56
total average assets                                              $6,438                                  $5,802                              $636                      11                          $5,198
total average deposits                                             5,983                                   5,926                                57                       1                           6,097
total assets under management (in billions)-eop                    $17.5                                   $15.3                              $2.2                      14                           $18.3
total trust assets (in billions)-eop                               121.8                                   105.1                              16.7                      16                           110.1
rbhpcg reported net income of $113 million in 2019, a decrease of $6 million, or 5%, compared with a net income of $119 million in 2018. net interest income declined $5 million, or 2%, due to a 14 basis point decrease in net interest margin partially offset by a $0.6 billion increase in average loans as a result of growth in commercial and mortgage loans. noninterest income increased $5 million, or 3%, primarily reflecting higher trust and investment management revenue as a result of increased sales production and year over year market growth. noninterest expense increased $12 million, or 5%, mainly as a result of increased personnel expenses related to the hiring of new sales colleagues.
results for the fourth quarter earnings discussion in the 2019 fourth quarter, we reported net income of $317 million, a decrease of $17 million, or 5%, from the 2018 fourth quarter. diluted earnings per common share for the 2019 fourth quarter were $0.28, a decrease of $0.01 from the year-ago quarter.
net interest income / average balance sheet fte net interest income for the 2019 fourth quarter decreased $55 million, or 7%, from the 2018 fourth quarter. this reflected a 29 basis point decrease in the fte net interest margin to 3.12%, partially offset by the benefit from a $2.3 billion, or 2%, increase in average earning assets. the nim compression primarily reflected a 29 basis point year-over-year decrease in average earning asset yields. the decrease in average earning asset yields was primarily driven by the impact of lower interest rates in the quarter on loan yields. embedded within these yields and costs, fte net interest income during the 2019 fourth quarter included $11 million, or approximately 4 basis points, of purchase accounting impact compared to $17 million, or approximately 7 basis points, in the year-ago quarter.
table 32 - average earning assets - 2019 fourth quarter vs. 2018 fourth quarter fourth quarter                                                  change
home equity                                            9,192                           9,817                            (625       )              (6       )
other consumer                                         1,231                           1,291                             (60       )              (5       )
total consumer                                        37,924                          37,321                             603                       2
total securities                                      23,161                          22,656                             505                       2
loans held-for-sale and other earning assets           1,798                           1,274                             524                      41
total earning assets                                $100,062                         $97,752                          $2,310                       2       %
average earning assets for the 2019 fourth quarter increased $2.3 billion, or 2%, from the year-ago quarter, primarily reflecting a $1.3 billion, or 2%, increase in average total loans and leases. average c&i loans increased $0.8 billion, or 3%, reflecting growth in specialty banking, asset finance, and corporate banking. average residential mortgage loans increased $0.8 billion, or 7%, reflecting robust mortgage production in the second half of 2019. average held-for-sale and other earning assets increased $0.5 billion, or 41%, primarily as a result of increased cash from the timing of the securities portfolio repositioning and an increase in loans held-for-sale. average total securities increased $0.5 billion, or 2%, primarily reflecting the mark-to-market of the available-for-sale portfolio. partially offsetting these increases, average home equity loans and lines of credit decreased $0.6 billion, or 6%, reflecting a shift in consumer preferences.
82 huntington bancshares incorporated table 33 - average interest-bearing liabilities - 2019 fourth quarter vs. 2018 fourth quarter fourth quarter                                                         change
(dollar amounts in millions)                                      2019   2018                                                           amount                    percent interest-bearing deposits:
demand deposits: interest-bearing                      20,140                              19,860                                 280                          1
money market deposits                                  24,560                              22,595                               1,965                          9
savings and other domestic deposits                     9,552                              10,534                                (982        )                (9        )
core certificates of deposit                            4,795                               5,705                                (910        )               (16        )
other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more               313            346                                                      (33        )               (10        )
brokered deposits and negotiable cds                    2,589                               3,507                                (918        )               (26        )
total interest-bearing deposits                        61,949                              62,547                                (598        )                (1        )
total interest-bearing liabilities                    $73,800                             $72,424                              $1,376                          2        %
average total interest-bearing liabilities for the 2019 fourth quarter increased $1.4 billion, or 2%, from the year-ago quarter. long-term debt increased $1.0 billion, or 11%, as a result of the issuance and maturity of $1.6 billion and $0.6 billion, respectively, of long-term debt over the past three quarters. average short-term borrowings increased $1.0 billion, or 95%, as a result of the maturity of brokered cds in the 2019 first quarter. savings and other domestic deposits decreased $1.0 billion, or 9%, primarily reflecting a continued shift in consumer product mix. average core cds decreased $0.9 billion, or 16%, reflecting the maturity of the balances related to the 2018 consumer deposit growth initiatives. average brokered deposits and negotiable cds decreased $0.9 billion, or 26%, reflecting the previously mentioned brokered cd maturities. average money market deposits increased $2.0 billion, or 9%, primarily reflecting growth driven by promotional pricing over the past seven quarters and a continued shift in consumer product mix.
provision for credit losses the provision for credit losses increased to $79 million in the 2019 fourth quarter compared to $60 million from the year-ago quarter.
noninterest income table 34 - noninterest income - 2019 fourth quarter vs. 2018 fourth quarter fourth quarter                                                  change
(dollar amounts in millions)                                 2019                            2018                          amount                 percent service charges on deposit accounts                   $95                             $94                              $1                       1       %
card and payment processing income                     64                              58                               6                      10
trust and investment management services               47                              42                               5                      12
capital markets fees                                   31                              34                              (3       )              (9       )
net (losses) gains on sales of securities             (22       )                     (19       )                      (3       )             (16       )
noninterest income for the 2019 fourth quarter increased $43 million, or 13%, from the year-ago quarter. mortgage banking income increased $35 million, or 152%, primarily reflecting higher volume and overall salable spreads and a $12 million increase in income from net msr risk management. card and payment processing income increased $6 million, or 10%, primarily reflecting increased account activity. trust and investment management services fees increased $5 million, or 12%, primarily driven by strong equity market performance.
noninterest expense table 35 - noninterest expense - 2019 fourth quarter vs. 2018 fourth quarter fourth quarter                                                  change
(dollar amounts in millions)                                          2019                            2018                          amount                 percent personnel costs                                               $426                            $399                             $27           7               %
outside data processing and other services                      89                              83
marketing                                                        9                              15                              (6       )             (40   )
deposit and other insurance expense                             10                               9           1                               11
noninterest expense for the 2019 fourth quarter decreased $10 million, or 1%, from the year-ago quarter. net occupancy costs decreased $29 million, or 41%, primarily reflecting lower branch and facility consolidation-related expense of $24 million. marketing decreased $6 million, or 40%, primarily reflecting pacing of marketing campaigns. equipment decreased $6 million, or 13%, primarily reflecting lower branch and facility consolidation-related expense of $5 million. personnel costs increased $27 million, or 7%, primarily reflecting the $15 million of expense related to the previously announced position reductions completed in the 2019 fourth quarter. outside data processing and other services expense increased $6 million, or 7%, primarily driven by higher technology investment costs and $3 million of expense related to a technology system decommission in the 2019 fourth quarter.
provision for income taxes
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 1 - "significant accounting policies" and note 17 - "income taxes" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
the provision for income taxes was $55 million in the 2019 fourth quarter compared to $57 million in the 2018 fourth quarter. the effective tax rates for the 2019 fourth quarter and 2018 fourth quarter were 14.8% and 14.6%, respectively. at december 31, 2019, we had a net federal deferred tax liability of $221 million and a net state deferred tax asset of $38 million.
credit quality ncos net charge-offs increased $23 million to $73 million. the increase was driven by the oil and gas portfolio, which made up approximately half of the total commercial ncos. consumer charge-offs have remained flat. ncos represented an annualized 0.39% of average loans and leases in the current quarter, up from 0.39% in the prior quarter and up from 0.27% in the year-ago quarter.
nals asset quality metrics remained in line with overall expectations. the consumer portfolio metrics remained relatively stable, reflecting normal seasonal impacts. the commercial portfolio metrics reflected continued volatility in the oil and gas portfolio, while the remainder of the commercial portfolio has performed well.
nals increased $128 million, or 38%, from the year-ago quarter to $468 million, or 0.62% of total loans and leases. the year-over-year increase was primarily in the c&i portfolio, particularly in the oil and gas portfolio. oreo balances decreased $12 million, or 52%, from the year-ago quarter. npas increased to $498 million, or 0.66% of total loans and leases and oreo. on a linked quarter basis, nals increased $30 million, or 7%, while npas increased $16 million, or 3%.
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 3 - "loans / leases and allowance for credit losses" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
the alll increased $11 million from the year-ago quarter, and as a percentage of total loans and leases increased to 1.04% compared to 1.03% a year ago. the alll as a percentage of period-end total nals decreased to 167% from 228% over the same period. the increase in the alll was primarily the result of loan growth and portfolio management activity. we believe the level of the alll and acl are appropriate given the low level of problem loans and the current composition of the overall loan and lease portfolio.
table 36 - selected quarterly financial information three months ended
(amounts in millions, except per share data)                       december 31,              september 30,                june 30,               march 31,
provision for credit losses                                           79                         82                       59                      67
net interest income after provision for credit losses                701                        717                      753                     755
income before income taxes                                           372                        439                      427                     421
provision (benefit) for income taxes                                  55                         67                       63                      63
book value per common share                                       $10.38                     $10.37                   $10.08                   $9.78
tangible book value per common share (1)                            8.25                       8.25                     7.97                    7.67
return on average total assets                                      1.15      %                1.37      %              1.36     %              1.35     %
return on average common shareholders' equity                       11.1                       13.4                     13.5                    13.8
return on average tangible common shareholders' equity (2)          14.3                       17.3                     17.7                    18.3
efficiency ratio (3)                                                58.4                       54.7                     57.6                    55.8
margin analysis-as a % of average earning assets (5)
2019 form 10-k table 37 - selected quarterly capital data capital adequacy (basel iii)                                                                                                                   2019
(dollar amounts in millions)                                    december 31,             september 30,              june 30,              march 31, total risk-weighted assets                                    $87,512                   $86,719                 $86,332               $85,966
tier 1 leverage ratio (period end)                               9.26      %               9.34      %             9.24    %             9.16     %
cet 1 risk-based capital ratio                                   9.88                     10.02                    9.88                  9.84
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio (period end)                    11.26                     11.41                   11.28                 11.25
total risk-based capital ratio (period end)                     13.04                     13.29                   13.13                 13.11
tangible common equity / tangible asset ratio (5) (7)            7.88                      8.00                    7.80                  7.57
tangible equity / tangible asset ratio (6) (7)                   9.01                      9.13                    8.93                  8.71
tangible common equity / risk-weighted assets ratio (7)          9.62                      9.83                    9.58                  9.34
(1)   other intangible assets are net of deferred tax liability.
(2)   net income applicable to common shares excluding expense for amortization of intangibles for the period divided by average tangible shareholders' equity. average tangible shareholders' equity equals average total shareholders' equity less average intangible assets and goodwill. expense for amortization of intangibles and average intangible assets are net of deferred tax liability.
(3)   noninterest expense less amortization of intangibles and goodwill impairment divided by the sum of fte net interest income and noninterest income excluding securities gains (losses).
(5)   tangible common equity (total common equity less goodwill and other intangible assets) divided by tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets). other intangible assets are net of deferred tax.
(6)   tangible equity (total equity less goodwill and other intangible assets) divided by tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets). other intangible assets are net of deferred tax.
(7)   tangible equity, tangible common equity, and tangible assets are non-gaap financial measures. additionally, any ratios utilizing these financial measures are also non-gaap. these financial measures have been included as they are considered to be critical metrics with which to analyze and evaluate financial condition and capital strength. other companies may calculate these financial measures differently.
huntington bancshares incorporated table 38 - selected quarterly financial information three months ended
(amounts in millions, except per share data)                       december 31,              september 30,                june 30,               march 31,
provision for credit losses                                           60                         53                       56                      66
net interest income after provision for credit losses                773                        749                      728                     704
income before income taxes                                           391                        440                      412                     385
provision (benefit) for income taxes                                  57                         62                       57                      59
book value per share                                               $9.46                      $9.17                    $9.30                   $9.17
tangible book value per share (2)                                   7.34                       7.06                     7.27                    7.12
return on average total assets                                      1.25      %                1.42      %              1.36     %              1.27     %
return on average common shareholders' equity                       12.9                       14.3                     13.2                    13.0
return on average tangible common shareholders' equity (3)          17.3                       19.0                     17.6                    17.5
efficiency ratio (4)                                                58.7                       55.3                     56.6                    56.8
margin analysis-as a % of average earning assets (6)
2019 form 10-k table 39 - selected quarterly capital data capital adequacy (basel iii)                                                                                                                   2018
(dollar amounts in millions)                                    december 31,             september 30,              june 30,              march 31, total risk-weighted assets                                    $85,687                   $83,580                 $82,951               $81,365
tier 1 leverage ratio                                            9.10      %               9.14      %             9.65    %             9.53     %
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio                                  9.65                      9.89                   10.53                 10.45
total risk-based capital ratio                                  11.06                     11.33                   11.99                 11.94
tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio                          12.98                     13.36                   13.97                 13.92
tangible common equity / tangible asset ratio (6)(8)             7.21                      7.25                    7.78                  7.70
tangible equity / tangible asset ratio (7)(8)                    8.34                      8.41                    8.95                  8.88
tangible common equity / risk-weighted assets ratio (8)          8.97                      8.97                    9.67                  9.65
(1)   weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarterly period ending march 31, 2018, includes the dilutive impact of the convertible preferred stock issued in april of 2008 until the date of conversion, february 22, 2018.
(2)   other intangible assets are net of deferred tax.
(3)   net income applicable to common shares excluding expense for amortization of intangibles for the period divided by average tangible shareholders' equity. average tangible shareholders' equity equals average total shareholders' equity less average intangible assets and goodwill. expense for amortization of intangibles and average intangible assets are net of deferred tax.
(4)   noninterest expense less amortization of intangibles and goodwill impairment divided by the sum of fte net interest income and noninterest income excluding securities gains (losses).
(6)   tangible common equity (total common equity less goodwill and other intangible assets) divided by tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets). other intangible assets are net of deferred tax.
(7)   tangible equity (total equity less goodwill and other intangible assets) divided by tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets). other intangible assets are net of deferred tax.
(8)   tangible equity, tangible common equity, and tangible assets are non-gaap financial measures. additionally, any ratios utilizing these financial measures are also non-gaap. these financial measures have been included as they are considered to be critical metrics with which to analyze and evaluate financial condition and capital strength. other companies may calculate these financial measures differently.
additional disclosures forward-looking statements this report, including md&a, contains certain forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, certain plans, expectations, goals, projections, and statements, which are not historical facts and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks, and uncertainties. statements that do not describe historical or current facts, including statements about beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as expect, anticipate, believe, intend, estimate, plan, target, goal, or similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as will, may, might, should, would, could, or similar variations. the forward-looking statements are intended to be subject to the safe harbor provided by section 27a of the securities act of 1933, section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, and the private securities litigation reform act of 1995.
while there is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete, below are certain factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in the forward-looking statements: changes in general economic, political, or industry conditions; uncertainty in u.s. fiscal and monetary policy, including the interest rate policies of the federal reserve board; volatility and disruptions in global capital and credit markets; movements in interest rates; reform of libor; competitive pressures on product pricing and services; success, impact, and timing of our business strategies, including market acceptance of any new products or services implementing our "fair play" banking philosophy; the nature, extent, timing, and results of governmental actions, examinations, reviews, reforms, regulations, and interpretations, including those related to the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act and the basel iii regulatory capital reforms, as well as those involving the occ, federal reserve, fdic, and cfpb; and other factors that may affect our future results.
all forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and are based on information available at that time. we do not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements were made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by federal securities laws. as forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, caution should be exercised against placing undue reliance on such statements.
huntington bancshares incorporated non-gaap financial measures this document contains gaap financial measures and non-gaap financial measures where management believes it to be helpful in understanding our results of operations or financial position. where non-gaap financial measures are used, the comparable gaap financial measure, as well as the reconciliation to the comparable gaap financial measure, can be found herein.
significant items from time-to-time, revenue, expenses, or taxes are impacted by items judged by us to be outside of our ordinary business activities and/or by items that, while they may be associated with ordinary banking activities, are so unusually large that their outsized impact is believed by us at that time to be infrequent or short-term in nature. we refer to such items as significant items. most often, these significant items result from factors originating outside the company; e.g., regulatory actions / assessments, windfall gains, one-time tax assessments / refunds, litigation actions, etc. in other cases, they may result from our decisions associated with significant corporate actions outside of the ordinary course of business; e.g., merger / restructuring charges, recapitalization actions, goodwill impairment, etc.
even though certain revenue and expense items are naturally subject to more volatility than others due to changes in market and economic environment conditions, as a general rule volatility alone does not define a significant item. for example, changes in the provision for credit losses, gains / losses from investment activities, asset valuation writedowns, etc., reflect ordinary banking activities and are, therefore, typically excluded from consideration as a significant item.
we believe the disclosure of significant items provides a better understanding of our performance and trends to ascertain which of such items, if any, to include or exclude from an analysis of our performance; i.e., within the context of determining how that performance differed from expectations, as well as how, if at all, to adjust estimates of future performance accordingly. to this end, we adopted a practice of listing significant items in our external disclosure documents; e.g., earnings press releases, investor presentations, forms 10-q and 10-k.
significant items for any particular period are not intended to be a complete list of items that may materially impact current or future period performance.
fully-taxable equivalent basis interest income, yields, and ratios on a fte basis are considered non-gaap financial measures. management believes net interest income on a fte basis provides an insightful picture of the interest margin for comparison purposes. the fte basis also allows management to assess the comparability of revenue arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources. the fte basis assumes a federal statutory tax rate of 21 percent and 35 percent for periods prior to january 1, 2018. we encourage readers to consider the consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in this form 10-k in their entirety, and not to rely on any single financial measure.
non-regulatory capital ratios in addition to capital ratios defined by banking regulators, the company considers various other measures when evaluating capital utilization and adequacy, including:
•   tangible common equity to tangible assets,
•   tangible equity to tangible assets, and
•   tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets using basel iii definitions.
these non-regulatory capital ratios are viewed by management as useful additional methods of reflecting the level of capital available to withstand unexpected market conditions. additionally, presentation of these ratios allows readers to compare our capitalization to other financial services companies. these ratios differ from capital ratios defined by banking regulators principally in that the numerator excludes goodwill and other intangible assets, the nature and extent of which varies among different financial services companies. these ratios are not defined in gaap or federal banking regulations. as a result, these non-regulatory capital ratios disclosed by the company are considered non-gaap financial measures.
2019 form 10-k because there are no standardized definitions for these non-regulatory capital ratios, the company's calculation methods may differ from those used by other financial services companies. also, there may be limits in the usefulness of these measures to investors. as a result, we encourage readers to consider the consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in this form 10-k in their entirety, and not to rely on any single financial measure.
risk factors more information on risk is discussed in the risk factors section included in item 1a: "risk factors" of this report. additional information regarding risk factors can also be found in the risk management and capital discussion of this report, as well as the "regulatory matters" section included in item 1 : business of this report.
critical accounting policies and use of significant estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to establish accounting policies and make estimates that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. note 1 - "significant accounting policies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated by reference into this md&a, describes the significant accounting policies we used in our consolidated financial statements.
an accounting estimate requires assumptions and judgments about uncertain matters that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. estimates are made under facts and circumstances at a point in time, and changes in those facts and circumstances could produce results substantially different from those estimates. our most significant accounting policies and estimates and their related application are discussed below.
allowance for credit losses our acl of $887 million at december 31, 2019, represents our estimate of probable credit losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio and our unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit. we regularly review our acl for appropriateness by performing on-going evaluations of the loan and lease portfolio. in doing so, we consider factors such as the differing economic risk associated with each loan category, the financial condition of specific borrowers, the level of delinquent loans, the value of any collateral and, where applicable, the existence of any guarantees or other documented support. we also evaluate the impact of changes in interest rates and overall economic conditions on the ability of borrowers to meet their financial obligations when quantifying our exposure to credit losses and assessing the appropriateness of our acl at each reporting date. there is no certainty that our acl will be appropriate over time to cover losses in the portfolio because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy, market conditions, or events adversely affecting specific customers, industries, or markets. if the credit quality of our customer base materially deteriorates, the risk profile of a market, industry, or group of customers changes materially, or if the acl is not appropriate, our net income and capital could be materially adversely affected which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  for more information, see note 3 - "loans and leases and allowance for credit losses" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
fair value measurement certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and include trading securities, available-for-sale securities, other securities, loans held for sale, loans held for investment, msrs and derivative instruments. at december 31, 2019, approximately $15.6 billion of our assets and $0.1 billion of our liabilities were recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. assets and liabilities carried at fair value inherently include subjectivity and may require use of significant assumptions, adjustments and judgment. a significant change in assumptions may result in a significant change in fair value, which in turn, may result in a higher degree of financial statement volatility.
significant adjustments and assumptions used in determining fair value include, but are not limited to, market liquidity and credit quality, where appropriate. valuations of products using models or other techniques are sensitive to assumptions that are used as significant inputs. the type and level of judgment required is largely dependent on the amount of observable market information available. where available, we use quoted market prices to determine fair value.  if quoted market prices are not available, fair value is determined based on inputs
90 huntington bancshares incorporated that are either directly observable or derived from market data using either internally developed or independent third-party valuation models.  these inputs include, but are not limited to, interest rate yield curves, credit spreads, option volatilities, and option-adjusted spreads.  where neither quoted market prices nor observable market data are available, fair value is determined using valuation models that feature one or more significant unobservable inputs based on management's expectation of what market participants would use in determining the fair value of the asset or liability. inputs to valuation models are considered unobservable if they are supported by little or no market activity. in periods of extreme volatility, lessened liquidity or in illiquid markets, there may be more variability in market pricing or a lack of market data to use in the valuation process.
a significant portion of our assets and liabilities that are reported at fair value are measured based on quoted market prices or observable market / independent inputs and are classified within levels 1 and 2. instruments valued using internally developed valuation models and other valuation techniques that use significant unobservable inputs are classified within level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. for more information, see note 18 - "fair value of assets and liabilities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
income taxes the calculation of our provision for income taxes requires the use of estimates and judgments. we have two accruals for income taxes: (1) our income tax payable represents the estimated net amount currently due to the federal, state, and local taxing jurisdictions, net of any reserve for potential audit issues and any tax refunds; and (2) our deferred federal and state income tax and related valuation accounts, represents the estimated impact of temporary differences between how we recognize our assets and liabilities under gaap, and how such assets and liabilities are recognized under federal and state tax law. the net receivable balance and deferred tax accounts are presented as components of other assets or other liabilities in accordance with the asset or liability balance of the account.
in the ordinary course of business, we operate in various taxing jurisdictions and are subject to income and non-income taxes. the effective tax rate is based in part on our interpretation of the relevant current tax laws. we believe the aggregate liabilities related to taxes are appropriately reflected in the consolidated financial statements. we review the appropriate tax treatment of all transactions taking into consideration statutory, judicial, and regulatory guidance in the context of our tax positions. in addition, we rely on various tax opinions, recent tax audits, and historical experience. for more information, see note 17 - "income taxes" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
goodwill and intangible assets the acquisition method of accounting requires that acquired assets and liabilities are recorded at their fair values as of the date of acquisition. this often involves estimates based on third party valuations or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques, all of which are inherently subjective. acquisitions typically result in goodwill, the amount by which the cost of net assets acquired in a business combination exceeds their fair value, which is subject to impairment testing at least annually. the amortization of identified intangible assets recognized in a business combination is based upon the estimated economic benefits to be received over their economic life, which is also subjective. customer attrition rates that are based on historical experience are used to determine the estimated economic life of certain intangibles assets, including but not limited to, customer deposit intangibles.  for more information, see note 6 - "goodwill and other intangible assets" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
recent accounting pronouncements and developments note 2 - "accounting standards update" of the notes to consolidated financial statements discusses new accounting pronouncements adopted during 2019 and the expected impact of accounting pronouncements recently issued but not yet required to be adopted. to the extent the adoption of new accounting standards materially affect financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity, the impacts are discussed in the applicable section of this md&a and the notes to consolidated financial statements.