item 1a. risk factors.
arconic's business, financial condition and results of operations may be impacted by a number of factors. in addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially harm its business, financial condition or results of operations, including causing arconic's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. the following list of significant risk factors is not all-inclusive or necessarily in order of importance. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to arconic or that arconic currently deems immaterial also may materially adversely affect the company in future periods.
risks related to our business the markets for arconic's products are highly cyclical and are influenced by a number of factors, including global economic conditions.
arconic is subject to cyclical fluctuations in global economic conditions and lightweight metals end-use markets. arconic sells many products to industries that are cyclical, such as the aerospace, automotive, commercial transportation and building and construction industries, and the demand for its products is sensitive to, and quickly impacted by, demand for the finished goods manufactured by its customers in these industries, which may change as a result of changes in regional or worldwide economies, currency exchange rates, energy prices or other factors beyond its control.
in particular, arconic derives a significant portion of its revenue from products sold to the aerospace industry, which can be highly cyclical and reflective of changes in the general economy. the commercial aerospace industry is historically driven by the demand from commercial airlines for new aircraft. the u.s. and international commercial aviation industries may face challenges arising from competitive pressures and fuel costs. demand for commercial aircraft is influenced by airline industry profitability, trends in airline passenger traffic, the state of u.s., regional and world economies, the ability of aircraft purchasers to obtain required financing and numerous other factors including the effects of terrorism, health and safety concerns, environmental constraints imposed upon aircraft operators, the retirement of older aircraft, the performance and cost of alternative materials, and technological improvements to aircraft. the military aerospace cycle is highly dependent on u.s. and foreign government funding; however, it is also driven by the effects of terrorism, a changing global political environment, u.s. foreign policy, the retirement of older military aircraft, and technological improvements to new engines.
further, the demand for arconic's automotive and ground transportation products is driven by the number of vehicles produced by automotive and commercial transportation manufacturers and volume of aluminum content per vehicle. the automotive industry is sensitive to general economic conditions, including credit markets and interest rates, and consumer spending and preferences regarding vehicle ownership and usage, vehicle size, configuration and features. automotive and commercial transportation sales and production can also be affected by other factors, including the age of the vehicle fleet and related scrappage rates, labor relations issues, fuel prices, regulatory requirements, government initiatives, trade agreements and levels of competition both within and outside of the aluminum industry.
arconic is unable to predict the future course of industry variables, the strength of the u.s., regional or global economies, or the effects of government actions. negative economic conditions, such as a major economic downturn, a prolonged recovery period, or disruptions in the financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on arconic's business, financial condition or results of operations.
arconic faces significant competition, which may have an adverse effect on profitability.
as discussed in part i, item 1. (business-competitive conditions) of this report, the markets for arconic's products are highly competitive. arconic's competitors include a variety of both u.s. and non-u.s. companies in all major markets. new product offerings, new technologies in the marketplace or new facilities may compete with or replace arconic products. the willingness of customers to accept substitutes for the products sold by arconic, the ability of large customers to exert leverage in the marketplace to affect the pricing for arconic's products, and technological advancements or other developments by or affecting arconic's competitors or customers could adversely affect arconic's business, financial condition or results of operations.
in addition, arconic may face increased competition due to industry consolidation. as companies attempt to strengthen or maintain their market positions in an evolving industry, companies could be acquired or merged. companies that are strategic alliance partners in some areas of arconic's business may acquire or form alliances with arconic's competitors, thereby reducing their business with arconic. industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors who are better able to obtain favorable terms from suppliers or who are better able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers. consolidation within arconic's customer base may result in customers who are better able to command increased leverage in negotiating prices and other terms of sale, which could adversely affect arconic's profitability. moreover, if, as a result of increased leverage, customers require arconic to reduce its pricing such that its gross margins are diminished, arconic could decide not to sell certain products to a particular customer, or not to sell certain products at all, which would decrease arconic's revenue. consolidation within arconic's customer base may also lead to reduced demand for arconic's products, a combined entity replacing arconic's products with those of arconic's competitors and cancellations of orders. the result of these developments could have a material adverse effect on arconic's business, operating results and financial condition.
arconic could be adversely affected by changes in the business or financial condition or the loss of a significant customer or customers.
arconic has long-term contracts with a significant number of its customers, some of which are subject to renewal, renegotiation or re-pricing at periodic intervals or upon changes in competitive supply conditions. arconic's failure to successfully renew, renegotiate or favorably re-price such agreements, or a material deterioration in or termination of these customer relationships, could result in a reduction or loss in customer purchase volume or revenue.
additionally, a significant downturn or deterioration in the business or financial condition or loss of a key customer supplied by arconic could affect arconic's financial results. arconic's customers may experience delays in the launch of new products, labor strikes, diminished liquidity or credit unavailability, weak demand for their products, or other difficulties in their businesses. for example, in 2019, boeing announced a temporary reduction in the production rate of, and subsequently announced a temporary suspension of production of, the boeing 737 max aircraft, which has resulted in, and is expected to continue to result in, a reduction in sales of aluminum sheet and plate and other products that arconic produces for boeing airplanes. as no firm timeline has been established for either the adjustment of boeing's manufacturing plans, or for returning the aircraft into service, we are currently unable to definitively quantify any such potential impact.
arconic's customers may also change their business strategies or modify their business relationships with arconic, including to reduce the amount of arconic's products they purchase or to switch to alternative suppliers. if arconic's customers reduce, terminate or delay purchases from arconic due to the foregoing factors or otherwise and arconic is unsuccessful in enforcing its contract rights or replacing such business in whole or in part or replaces it with less profitable business, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
arconic could encounter manufacturing difficulties or other issues that impact product performance, quality or safety, which could affect arconic's reputation, business and financial statements.
the manufacture of many of arconic's products is a highly exacting and complex process. problems may arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols, specifications and procedures, including those related to quality or safety, problems with raw materials, supply chain interruptions, natural disasters, labor unrest and environmental factors. such problems could have an adverse impact on the company's ability to fulfill orders or on product quality or on performance. product manufacturing or performance issues could result in recalls, customer penalties, contract cancellation and product liability exposure. because of approval, license and qualification requirements applicable to manufacturers and/or their suppliers, alternatives to mitigate manufacturing disruptions may not be readily available to arconic or its customers. accordingly, manufacturing problems, product defects or other risks associated with our products, could result in significant costs to and liability for us that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, including the payment of potentially substantial monetary damages, fines or penalties, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation, which could adversely impact product demand and customer relationships.
arconic's business depends, in part, on its ability to meet increased program demand successfully and to mitigate the impact of program cancellations, reductions and delays.
arconic is currently under contract to supply components for a number of new and existing commercial, general aviation, military aircraft and aircraft engine programs as well as aluminum sheet and extrusions for a number of aluminum-intensive automotive vehicle programs. many of these programs are scheduled for production increases over the next several years. if arconic fails to meet production levels or encounters difficulty or unexpected costs in meeting such levels, it could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition or results of operations. similarly, program cancellations, reductions or delays could also have a material adverse effect on arconic's business.
product liability, product safety, personal injury, property damage, and recall claims and investigations may materially affect arconic's financial condition and damage arconic's reputation.
the manufacture and sale of our products exposes arconic to potential product liability, personal injury, property damage and related claims. these claims may arise from failure to meet product specifications, design flaws in our products, malfunction of our products, misuse of our products, use of our products in an unintended, unapproved or unrecommended manner, or use of our products with systems not manufactured or sold by us. new data and information, including information about the ways in which arconic's products are used, may lead arconic, regulatory authorities, government agencies or other entities or organizations to publish guidelines or recommendations, or impose restrictions, related to the manufacturing or use of arconic's products.
in the event that an arconic product fails to perform as expected, regardless of fault, or is used in an unexpected manner, and such failure or use results in, or is alleged to result in, bodily injury and/or property damage or other losses, arconic may be subject to product liability lawsuits and other claims, or may be required or requested by its customers to participate in a recall or other corrective action involving such product. in addition, if an arconic product is perceived to be defective or unsafe, sales of arconic's products could be diminished, arconic's reputation could be adversely impacted and arconic could be subject to further liability claims. moreover, events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose arconic to government investigations or regulatory enforcement actions.
there can be no assurance that arconic will be successful in defending any such proceedings or that insurance available to arconic will be sufficient to cover any losses associated with such proceedings. an adverse outcome in one or more of these proceedings or investigations could: (i) have a material adverse effect on arconic's business, financial condition or profitability; (ii) impose substantial monetary damages and/or non-monetary penalties; (iii) result in additional litigation, regulatory investigations or other proceedings involving arconic; result in loss of customers; (iv) require changes to our products or business operations; or (v) damage arconic's reputation and/or negatively impact the market price of arconic's common stock. even if arconic successfully defends against these types of claims, arconic could still be required to spend a substantial amount of money in connection with legal proceedings or investigations with respect to such claims; arconic's management could be required to devote significant time, attention and operational resources responding to and defending against these claims and responding to these investigations; and arconic's reputation could suffer. product liability claims and related lawsuits and investigations, product recalls, and allegations of product safety or quality issues, regardless of their validity or ultimate outcome, may have a material adverse effect on arconic's business, financial condition and reputation and on our ability to attract and retain customers.
for further discussion of potential liability associated with some of our products, including proceedings and investigations relating to the june 13, 2017 fire at the grenfell tower in london, u.k., see part i, item 3. (legal proceedings) of this report.
arconic's global operations expose arconic to risks that could adversely affect arconic's business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or the market price of its securities.
arconic has operations or activities in numerous countries and regions outside the united states, including europe, canada, china, japan and russia. as a result, arconic's global operations are affected by economic, political and other conditions in the foreign countries in which arconic does business as well as u.s. laws regulating international trade, including:
•   economic and commercial instability risks, including those caused by sovereign and private debt default, corruption, and changes in local government laws, regulations and policies, such as those related to tariffs, sanctions and trade barriers (including tariffs imposed by the united states as well as retaliatory tariffs imposed by china or other foreign entities), taxation, exchange controls, employment regulations and repatriation of assets or earnings;
•   geopolitical risks such as political instability, civil unrest, expropriation, nationalization of properties by a government, imposition of sanctions, and renegotiation or nullification of existing agreements;
•   war or terrorist activities;
•   compliance with antitrust and competition regulations;
•   compliance with foreign labor laws, which generally provide for increased notice, severance and consultation requirements compared to u.s. laws;
•   aggressive, selective or lax enforcement of laws and regulations by national governmental authorities;
•   compliance with the foreign corrupt practices act and other anti-bribery and corruption laws;
•   compliance with u.s. laws concerning trade, including the international traffic in arms regulations, the export administration regulations, and the sanctions, regulations and embargoes administered by the u.s. department of treasury's office of foreign assets control;
•   imposition of currency controls; and
•   adverse tax audit rulings, although the effect of any of the foregoing factors is difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect arconic's business, financial condition, or results of operations. the company's international operations subject arconic to complex and dynamic laws and regulations that, in some cases, could result in conflict or inconsistency between applicable laws and/or legal obligations. while arconic believes it has adopted appropriate risk management, compliance programs and insurance arrangements to address and reduce the associated risks, such measures may provide inadequate protection against costs, penalties, liabilities or other potential risks such as loss of export privileges or repatriation of assets that may arise from such events.
a material disruption of arconic's operations, particularly at one or more of the company's manufacturing facilities, could adversely affect arconic's business.
if arconic's operations, particularly one of the company's manufacturing facilities, were to be disrupted as a result of significant equipment failures, natural disasters, power outages, fires, explosions, terrorism, theft, sabotage, adverse weather conditions, public health crises, labor disputes or other reasons, arconic may be unable to effectively meet its obligations to or demand from its customers, which could adversely affect arconic's financial performance.
interruptions in production could increase arconic's costs and reduce its sales. any interruption in production capability could require the company to incur costs for premium freight, make substantial capital expenditures or purchase alternative material at higher costs to fill customer orders, which could negatively affect arconic's profitability and financial condition. furthermore, because customers may be dependent on planned deliveries from us, customers that have to reschedule their own production due to our delivery delays may be able to pursue financial claims against us, and we may incur costs to correct such problems in addition to any liability resulting from such claims. arconic maintains property damage insurance that the company believes to be adequate to provide for reconstruction of facilities and equipment, as well as business interruption insurance to mitigate losses resulting from significant production interruption or shutdown caused by an insured loss. however, any recovery under arconic's insurance policies may not offset the lost profits or increased costs that may be experienced during the disruption of operations, which could adversely affect arconic's business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
arconic may be unable to realize future targets or goals established for its business segments, or complete projects, at the levels, projected costs or by the dates targeted.
from time to time, arconic may announce future targets or goals for its business, which are based on the company's then current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the operating environment, economies and markets in which arconic operates. future targets and goals reflect the company's beliefs and assumptions and its perception of historical trends, then current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors appropriate in the circumstances. as such, targets and goals are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive and other uncertainties and contingencies regarding future events, including the risks discussed in this report. the actual outcome may be materially different. there can be no assurance that any targets or goals established by the company will be accomplished at the levels or by the dates targeted, if at all. failure to achieve the targets or goals by the company may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations or the market price of its securities.
in addition, the implementation of arconic's business strategy periodically involves the entry into and the execution of complex projects, which place significant demands on the company's management and personnel, and may depend on numerous factors beyond the company's control. there can be no assurance that such projects will be completed within budgeted costs, on a timely basis, or at all, whether due to the risks described in this report, or other factors. the failure to complete a material project as planned, or a significant delay in a material project, whatever the cause, could have an adverse effect on arconic's business, financial condition, or results of operations.
information technology system failures, cyber attacks and security breaches may threaten the integrity of arconic's intellectual property and other sensitive information, disrupt its business operations, and result in reputational harm and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations.
arconic relies on its information technology systems to manage and operate its business, process transactions, and summarize its operating results. arconic's information technology systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer, network and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, and catastrophic events, such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, acts of war or terrorism, and usage errors by employees. if arconic's information technology systems are damaged or cease to function properly, the company may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them, and arconic may suffer loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in its operations. any material disruption in the company's information technology systems, or delays or difficulties in implementing or integrating new systems or enhancing current systems, could have an adverse effect on arconic's business, financial condition or results of operations.
arconic also faces global cybersecurity threats, which may range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures, known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the company. cyber attacks and security breaches may include, but are not limited to, attempts to access information, computer viruses, denial of service and other electronic security breaches.
the company believes that it faces a heightened threat of cyber attacks due to the industries it serves, the locations of its operations and its technological innovations. the company has experienced cybersecurity attacks in the past, including breaches of its information technology systems in which information was taken, and may experience them in the future, potentially with more frequency or sophistication. based on information known to date, past attacks have not had a material impact on arconic's financial condition or results of operations. however, due to the evolving nature of cybersecurity threats, the scope and impact of any future incident cannot be predicted.
arconic employs a number of measures to protect and defend against cyber attacks, including technical security controls, data encryption, firewalls, intrusion prevention systems, anti-virus software and frequent backups. additionally, the company conducts regular periodic training of its employees regarding the protection of sensitive information which includes training intended to prevent the success of "phishing" attacks. while the company continually works to safeguard its systems and mitigate potential risks, there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cyber attacks or security breaches that manipulate or improperly use its systems or networks, compromise confidential or otherwise protected information, destroy or corrupt data, or otherwise disrupt its operations. the occurrence of such events could negatively impact arconic's reputation and its competitive position and could result in litigation with third parties, regulatory action, loss of business, potential liability and increased remediation costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. in addition, such attacks or breaches could require significant management attention and resources, and could result in the diminution of the value of the company's investment in research and development.
arconic's enterprise risk management program and disclosure controls and procedures address cybersecurity and include elements intended to ensure that there is an analysis of potential disclosure obligations arising from cyber attacks and security breaches. arconic also maintains compliance programs to address the potential applicability of restrictions against trading while in possession of material, nonpublic information generally and in connection with a cyber attack or security breach.
however, a breakdown in existing controls and procedures around the company's cybersecurity environment may prevent arconic from detecting, reporting or responding to cyber incidents in a timely manner and could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition or the market price of its securities.
arconic may be unable to develop innovative new products or implement technology initiatives successfully.
arconic's competitive position and future performance depends, in part, on the company's ability to:
•   identify and evolve with emerging technological and broader industry trends in arconic's target end-markets;
•   identify and successfully execute on a strategy to remain an essential and sustainable element of its customers' supply chains;
•   monitor disruptive technologies and understand customers' and competitors' abilities to deploy those disruptive technologies; and
•   achieve sufficient return on investment for new products based on capital expenditures and research and development spending.
while arconic intends to continue to develop innovative new products and services, it may not be able to successfully differentiate its products or services from those of its competitors or match the level of research and development spending of its competitors, including those developing technology to displace arconic's current products. in addition, arconic may not be able to adapt to evolving markets and technologies or achieve and maintain technological advantages. there can be no assurance that any of arconic's new products or services, development programs or technologies will be commercially adopted or beneficial to arconic.
arconic's products are used in a variety of military applications, including military aircraft and armored vehicles. although many of the programs in which arconic participates extend several years, they are subject to annual funding through congressional appropriations. changes in military strategy and priorities, or reductions in defense spending, may affect current and future funding of these programs and could reduce the demand for arconic's products, which could adversely affect arconic's business, financial condition or results of operations.
arconic may face challenges to its intellectual property rights which could adversely affect the company's reputation, business and competitive position.
arconic owns important intellectual property, including patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets. the company's intellectual property plays an important role in maintaining arconic's competitive position in a number of the markets that the company serves. arconic's competitors may develop technologies that are similar or superior to arconic's proprietary technologies or design around the patents arconic owns or licenses. despite its controls and safeguards, arconic's technology may be misappropriated by its employees, its competitors or other third parties. the pursuit of remedies for any misappropriation of arconic intellectual property is expensive and the ultimate remedies may be deemed insufficient. further, in jurisdictions where the enforcement of intellectual property rights is less robust, the risk of misappropriation of arconic intellectual property increases, despite efforts the company undertakes to protect it. developments or assertions by or against arconic relating to intellectual property rights, and any inability to protect or enforce arconic's rights sufficiently, could adversely affect arconic's business and competitive position.
a decline in arconic's financial performance or outlook or a deterioration in its credit profile could negatively impact the company's access to capital markets, reduce its liquidity and increase its borrowing costs.
arconic has significant capital requirements and depends, in part, upon the issuance of debt to fund its operations and contractual commitments and pursue strategic acquisitions. a decline in the company's financial performance or outlook due to internal or external factors could affect the company's access to, and the availability or cost of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions. there can be no assurance that arconic will have access to the global capital market on terms the company finds acceptable. limitations on arconic's ability to access the global capital markets, a reduction in the company's liquidity or an increase in borrowing costs could materially and adversely affect arconic's ability to maintain or grow its business, which in turn may adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations.
a downgrade of arconic's credit ratings could limit arconic's ability to obtain future financing, increase its borrowing costs, increase the pricing of its credit facilities, adversely affect the market price of its securities, trigger letter of credit or other collateral postings, or otherwise impair its business, financial condition, and results of operations.
arconic's credit ratings are important to the company's cost of capital. the major credit rating agencies evaluate our creditworthiness and give us specified credit ratings. these ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and financial policies as well as our strategies, operations, execution and timeliness of financial reporting. these credit ratings are limited in scope, and do not address all material risks related to investment in us, but rather reflect only the view of each rating agency at the time the rating is issued. nonetheless, the credit ratings arconic receives impact our borrowing costs as well as the terms upon which we will have access to capital. failure to maintain sufficiently high credit ratings could adversely affect the interest rate in future financings, our liquidity or our competitive position, and could also restrict our access to capital markets.
on may 1, 2017, standard and poor's ratings services (s&p) affirmed arconic's long-term debt at bbb-, an investment grade rating, with a stable outlook, and its short-term debt at a-3. on february 7, 2019, s&p placed the rating on negative credit watch and, subsequently, on april 26, s&p affirmed the long-term debt rating at bbb- but changed the outlook to negative. on january 28, 2020, s&p affirmed the long-term debt rating at bbb- but changed the outlook to stable in expectation of the separation impact.  on november 1, 2016, moody's investor service (moody's) downgraded arconic's long-term debt rating from ba1, a non-investment grade, to ba2 with a stable outlook and its short-term debt rating from speculative grade liquidity-1 to speculative grade liquidity-2. moody's ratings and outlooks were affirmed on november 2, 2017, october 8, 2018, and october 9, 2019. on january 24, 2020, moody's affirmed the long-term debt rating at ba2 but changed the outlook to negative.  on april 21, 2016, fitch affirmed arconic's long-term debt rating at bb+, a non-investment grade, and short-term debt at b. additionally, fitch changed the outlook from positive to evolving. on july 7, 2016, fitch changed the outlook from evolving to stable (ratings and outlook were affirmed on july 3, 2017). on september 27, 2018, fitch changed the outlook from stable to positive (ratings and outlook were affirmed on october 8, 2019).
there can be no assurance that one or more of these or other rating agencies will not take negative actions with respect to arconic's ratings in the future. increased debt levels, macroeconomic conditions, a deterioration in the company's debt protection metrics, a contraction in the company's liquidity, or other factors could potentially trigger such actions. a rating agency may lower, suspend or withdraw entirely a rating or place it on negative outlook or watch if, in that rating agency's judgment, circumstances so warrant.
a downgrade of arconic's credit ratings by one or more rating agencies could: (i) result in adverse consequences, including: adversely impact the market price of arconic's securities; (ii) adversely affect existing financing (for example, a downgrade by s&p or moody's would subject arconic to higher costs under arconic's five-year revolving credit agreement and certain of its other revolving credit facilities); (iii) limit access to the capital (including commercial paper) or credit markets or otherwise adversely affect the availability of other new financing on favorable terms, if at all; (iv) result in more restrictive covenants in agreements governing the terms of any future indebtedness that the company incurs; (v) increase the cost of borrowing or fees on undrawn credit facilities; or (vi) result in vendors or counterparties seeking collateral or letters of credit from arconic.
limitations on arconic's ability to access the global capital markets, a reduction in arconic's liquidity or an increase in borrowing costs could materially and adversely affect arconic's ability to maintain or grow its business, which in turn may adversely affect its financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
arconic's business and growth prospects may be negatively impacted by limits in its capital expenditures.
arconic requires substantial capital to invest in growth opportunities and to maintain and prolong the life and capacity of its existing facilities. insufficient cash generation or capital project overruns may negatively impact arconic's ability to fund as planned its sustaining and return-seeking capital projects. over the long term, arconic's ability to take advantage of improved market conditions or growth opportunities in its businesses may be constrained by earlier capital expenditure restrictions, which could adversely affect the long-term value of its business and the company's position in relation to its competitors.
an adverse decline in the liability discount rate, lower-than-expected investment return on pension assets and other factors could affect arconic's results of operations or amount of pension funding contributions in future periods.
arconic's results of operations may be negatively affected by the amount of expense arconic records for its pension and other postretirement benefit plans, reductions in the fair value of plan assets and other factors. arconic calculates income or expense for its plans using actuarial valuations in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america (gaap).
these valuations reflect assumptions about financial market and other economic conditions, which may change based on changes in key economic indicators. the most significant year-end assumptions used by arconic to estimate pension or other postretirement benefit income or expense for the following year are the discount rate applied to plan liabilities and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. in addition, arconic is required to make an annual measurement of plan assets and liabilities, which may result in a significant charge to shareholders' equity. for a discussion regarding how arconic's financial statements can be affected by pension and other postretirement benefits accounting policies, see "critical accounting policies and estimates-pension and other postretirement benefits" in part ii, item 7. (management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations) and note f to the consolidated financial statements-pension and other postretirement benefits in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data). although gaap expense and pension funding contributions are impacted by different regulations and requirements, the key economic factors that affect gaap expense would also likely affect the amount of cash or securities arconic would contribute to the pension plans.
potential pension contributions include both mandatory amounts required under federal law and discretionary contributions to improve the plans' funded status. the moving ahead for progress in the 21st century act ("map-21"), enacted in 2012, provided temporary relief for employers like arconic who sponsor defined benefit pension plans related to funding contributions under the employee retirement income security act of 1974 by allowing the use of a 25-year average discount rate within an upper and lower range for purposes of determining minimum funding obligations. in 2014, the highway and transportation funding act (hatfa) was signed into law. hatfa extended the relief provided by map-21 and modified the interest rates that had been set by map-21. in 2015, the bipartisan budget act of 2015 (bba 2015) was signed into law. bba 2015 extends the relief period provided by hatfa. arconic believes that the relief provided by bba 2015 will moderately reduce the cash flow sensitivity of the company's u.s. pension plans' funded status over the next several years due to recent and potential future declines in discount rates. however, higher than expected pension contributions due to a decline in the plans' funded status as a result of unpredictable future declines in the discount rate or lower-than-expected investment returns on plan assets could have a material negative effect on the company's cash flows. adverse capital market conditions could result in reductions in the fair value of plan assets and increase the company's liabilities related to such plans, which could adversely affect arconic's liquidity and results of operations.
unanticipated changes in arconic's tax provisions or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect arconic's future profitability.
arconic is subject to income taxes in both the united states and various non-u.s. jurisdictions. its domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the distribution of income among these different jurisdictions. changes in applicable domestic or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including the possibility of retroactive effect, could affect the company's tax expense and profitability. arconic's tax expense includes estimates of additional tax that may be incurred for tax exposures and reflects various estimates and assumptions. the assumptions include assessments of future earnings of the company that could impact the valuation of its deferred tax assets. the company's future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the overall profitability of the company, changes in tax legislation and rates, changes in generally accepted accounting principles, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the results of tax audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns or related litigation and continuing assessments of its tax exposures.
corporate tax law changes continue to be analyzed in the united states and in many other jurisdictions. in particular, on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act (the "2017 act") was signed into law, significantly reforming the united states internal revenue code of 1986, as amended. during 2018, the internal revenue service (the "irs") began a number of guidance projects which serve to both interpret and implement the 2017 act. those guidance projects, which include both proposed and final treasury regulations, continued in 2019 and may continue in 2020. arconic continues to review the components of the 2017 act, as well as the ongoing interpretive guidance, and evaluate its consequences. as such, the ultimate impact of the 2017 act may differ from reported amounts due to, among other things, changes in interpretations and assumptions the company has made to date; and actions the company may take as a result of the 2017 act and related guidance. these changes to the u.s. corporate tax system could have a substantial impact, positive or negative, on arconic's future effective tax rate, cash tax expenditures, and deferred tax assets and liabilities.
arconic may be unable to realize the expected benefits from acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures and strategic alliances.
arconic has made, and may continue to plan and execute, acquisitions and divestitures and take other actions to grow its business or streamline its portfolio. there is no assurance that anticipated benefits will be realized. acquisitions present significant challenges and risks, including the effective integration of the business into the company, unanticipated costs and liabilities, and the ability to realize anticipated benefits, such as growth in market share, revenue or margins, at the levels or in the timeframe expected. the company may be unable to manage acquisitions successfully. additionally, adverse factors may prevent arconic from realizing the benefits of its growth projects, including unfavorable global economic conditions, currency fluctuations, or unexpected delays in target timelines.
with respect to portfolio optimization actions such as divestitures, curtailments and closures, arconic may face barriers to exit from unprofitable businesses or operations, including high exit costs or objections from customers, suppliers, unions, local or national governments, or other stakeholders. in addition, arconic may retain unforeseen liabilities for divested entities or businesses, including, but not limited to, if a buyer fails to honor all commitments. arconic's business operations are capital intensive, and curtailment or closure of operations or facilities may include significant charges, including employee separation costs, asset impairment charges and other measures.
in addition, arconic has participated in, and may continue to participate in, joint ventures, strategic alliances and other similar arrangements from time to time. although the company has, in connection with past and existing joint ventures, sought to protect its interests, joint ventures and strategic alliances inherently involve special risks. whether or not arconic holds majority interests or maintains operational control in such arrangements, its partners may:
•   have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with or opposed to those of the company;
•   take action contrary to arconic's policies or objectives with respect to investments; or
•   as a result of financial or other difficulties, be unable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations under the joint venture, strategic alliance or other agreements, such as contributing capital to expansion or maintenance projects.
there can be no assurance that acquisitions, growth investments, divestitures, closures, joint ventures, strategic alliances or similar arrangements will be undertaken or completed in their entirety as planned or that they will be beneficial to arconic, whether due to the above-described risks, unfavorable global economic conditions, increases in construction costs, currency fluctuations, political risks, or other factors.
arconic derives a significant portion of its revenue from aluminum-based products. the price of primary aluminum has historically been subject to significant cyclical price fluctuations and the timing of changes in the market price of aluminum is largely unpredictable. although the company's pricing of products is generally intended to pass substantially all the risk of metal price fluctuations on to the company's customers or is otherwise hedged, there are situations where arconic is unable to pass on the entire cost of increases to its customers and there is a potential time lag on certain products between increases in costs for aluminum and the point when the company can implement a corresponding increase in price to its customers and/or there are other timing factors that may result in arconic's exposure to certain price fluctuations which could have a material adverse effect on arconic's business, financial condition or results of operations. further, since metal prices fluctuate among the various exchanges, arconic competitors may enjoy a metal price advantage from time to time.
arconic may be adversely affected by changes in the availability or cost of other raw materials (including, but not limited to, cobalt, nickel, titanium sponge, vanadium, copper, magnesium and zinc), as well as freight costs associated with transportation of raw materials. the availability and costs of certain raw materials necessary for the production of arconic's products may be influenced by private or government entities including mergers and acquisitions, changes in world politics or regulatory requirements (such as human rights regulations or environmental regulations), labor relations between the producers and their work forces, unstable governments in exporting nations, export quotas, sanctions, new or increased import duties, countervailing or anti-dumping duties, market forces of supply and demand, and inflation. in addition, from time to time, commodity prices may fall rapidly. when this happens, suppliers may withdraw capacity from the market until prices improve, which may cause periodic supply interruptions. arconic may be unable to offset fully the effects of raw material shortages or higher costs through customer price increases, productivity improvements or cost reduction programs. shortages or price fluctuations in raw materials could have a material adverse effect on arconic's operating results.
arconic is dependent on a limited number of suppliers for a substantial portion of our aluminum and certain other raw materials essential to our operations.
arconic has supply arrangements with a limited number of suppliers for aluminum and other raw materials. we maintain annual or long-term contracts for a majority of our supply requirements, and for the remainder we depend on spot purchases. from time to time, increasing demand levels have caused regional supply constraints in the industry and further increases in demand levels could exacerbate these issues. such constraints could impact our production or force us to purchase primary metal and other supplies from alternative sources, which may not be available in sufficient quantities or may only be available on terms that are less favorable to us. further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to renew, or obtain replacements for, any of our long-term contracts when they expire on terms that are as favorable as our existing agreements or at all. additionally, arconic could have exposure if a key supplier in a particular region is unable to deliver sufficient quantities of a necessary material on a timely basis. in addition, a significant downturn in the business or financial condition of our significant suppliers exposes us to the risk of default by the supplier on our contractual agreements, and this risk is increased by weak and deteriorating economic conditions on a global, regional or industry sector level.
arconic is exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, as well as inflation, economic factors, and currency controls in the countries in which it operates.
economic factors, including inflation and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, competitive factors in the countries in which arconic operates, and continued volatility or deterioration in the global economic and financial environment could affect arconic's revenues, expenses and results of operations. changes in the valuation of the u.s. dollar against other currencies, including the euro, british pound, canadian dollar, chinese yuan (renminbi), japanese yen and russian ruble, may affect arconic's profitability as some important inputs are purchased in other currencies, while the company's products are generally sold in u.s. dollars.
in addition, a portion of arconic's indebtedness, including certain borrowings under the company's five-year credit facility, bears interest at rates equal to the london interbank offering rate ("libor") plus an applicable margin based on the credit ratings of arconic's outstanding senior unsecured long-term debt. accordingly, the company is subject to risk from changes in interest rates on the variable component of the rate. further, libor is the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. these reforms and other pressures may cause libor to disappear entirely or to perform differently than in the past. the consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted, but could include changes in the cost of arconic's variable rate indebtedness.
arconic also faces risks arising from the imposition of cash repatriation restrictions and exchange controls. cash repatriation restrictions and exchange controls may limit the company's ability to convert foreign currencies into u.s. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by arconic's foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing restrictions or controls. while arconic currently has no need, and does not intend, to repatriate or convert cash held in countries that have significant restrictions or controls in place, should the company need to do so to fund its operations, it may be unable to repatriate or convert such cash, or be unable to do so without incurring substantial costs. arconic currently has substantial operations in countries that have cash repatriation restrictions or exchange controls in place, including china, and, if the company were to need to repatriate or convert such cash, these controls and restrictions may have an adverse effect on arconic's operating results and financial condition.
arconic may not realize expected benefits from its productivity and cost-reduction initiatives.
arconic has undertaken, and may continue to undertake, productivity and cost-reduction initiatives to improve performance and conserve cash, including deployment of company-wide business process models, such as arconic's degrees of implementation process in which ideas are executed in a disciplined manner to generate savings, and operating cost reductions. there is no assurance that these initiatives will be successful or beneficial to arconic or that estimated cost savings from such activities will be realized. if arconic fails to achieve net cost savings at anticipated levels, its business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.
certain applications of arconic's aluminum-based products compete with products made from other materials, such as steel, titanium and composites. the willingness of customers to pursue materials other than aluminum often depends upon the desire to achieve specific attributes. for example, the commercial aerospace industry has used and continues to evaluate the further use of alternative materials to aluminum, such as titanium and composites, in order to reduce the weight and increase the fuel efficiency of aircraft. additionally, the automotive industry, while motivated to reduce vehicle weight through the use of aluminum, may revert to steel or other materials for certain applications. further, the decision to use aluminum may be impacted by aluminum prices or compatibility of aluminum with other materials used by a customer in a given application. the willingness of customers to accept other materials in lieu of aluminum could adversely affect the demand for certain of arconic's products, and thus adversely affect arconic's business, financial condition or results of operations.
labor disputes and other employee relations issues could adversely affect arconic's business, financial condition or results of operations.
a significant portion of arconic's employees are represented by labor unions in a number of countries under various collective bargaining agreements with varying durations and expiration dates. for more information, see "employees" in part i, item 1. (business) of this report. while arconic previously has been successful in renegotiating its collective bargaining agreements with various unions, arconic may not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate all collective bargaining agreements in the united states and other countries when they expire. in addition, existing collective bargaining agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage at arconic's facilities in the future. arconic may also be subject to general country strikes or work stoppages unrelated to its business or collective bargaining agreements. any such work stoppages (or potential work stoppages) could have a material adverse effect on arconic's business, financial condition or results of operations.
a failure to attract, retain or provide adequate succession plans for key personnel could adversely affect arconic's operations and competitiveness.
arconic's existing operations and development projects require highly skilled executives and staff with relevant industry and technical experience. the inability of the company to attract and retain such people may adversely impact arconic's ability to meet project demands adequately and fill roles in existing operations. skills shortages in engineering, manufacturing, technology, construction and maintenance contractors and other labor market inadequacies may also impact activities. these shortages may adversely impact the cost and schedule of development projects and the cost and efficiency of existing operations.
in addition, the continuity of key personnel and the preservation of institutional knowledge are vital to the success of the company's growth and business strategy. the loss of key members of management and other personnel could significantly harm arconic's business, and any unplanned turnover, or failure to develop adequate succession plans for key positions, could deplete the company's institutional knowledge base, result in loss of technical or other expertise, delay or impede the execution of the company's business plans and erode arconic's competitiveness.
arconic's results of operations or liquidity in a particular period could be affected by new or increasingly stringent laws, regulatory requirements or interpretations, or outcomes of significant legal proceedings or investigations adverse to arconic. the company may experience an unfavorable change in effective tax rates or become subject to unexpected or rising costs associated with business operations or provision of health or welfare benefits to employees due to changes in laws, regulations or policies.
arconic is also subject to a variety of legal and regulatory compliance risks in the united states and abroad in connection with its business and products. these risks include, among other things, potential claims relating to product liability, product testing, health and safety, environmental matters, employment matters, required record keeping and record retention, compliance with securities laws, intellectual property rights, government contracts and taxes, insurance or commercial matters, as well as compliance with u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, including those governing import and export, anti-bribery, antitrust and competition, sales and trading practices, human rights and modern slavery, sourcing of raw materials, third-party relationships, supply chain operations and the manufacture and sale of products. arconic may be a party to litigation in a foreign jurisdiction where geopolitical risks might influence the ultimate outcome of such litigation. arconic could be subject to fines, penalties, damages (in certain cases, treble damages), or suspension or debarment from government contracts.
the global and diverse nature of arconic's operations means that these risks will continue to exist, and additional legal proceedings and contingencies may arise from time to time. while arconic believes it has adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs to address and reduce these risks, including insurance arrangements with respect to these risks, such measures may provide inadequate protection against liabilities that may arise. in addition, various factors or developments can lead the company to change current estimates of liabilities or make such estimates for matters previously unsusceptible to reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant regulatory developments or changes in applicable law. a future adverse ruling or settlement or unfavorable changes in laws, regulations or policies, or other contingencies that the company cannot predict with certainty could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in a particular period. litigation and compliance efforts may require substantial attention from management and could result in significant legal expenses, settlement costs or damage awards that could have a material impact on the company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows. for additional information regarding the legal proceedings involving the company, including proceedings and investigations relating to the june 13, 2017 fire at the grenfell tower in london, u.k., see the discussion in part i, item 3. (legal proceedings) of this report and in note t to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data).
arconic is exposed to environmental and safety risks and is subject to a broad range of health, safety and environmental laws and regulations which may result in substantial costs and liabilities.
arconic's operations worldwide are subject to numerous complex and increasingly stringent health, safety and environmental laws and regulations. the costs of complying with such laws and regulations, including participation in assessments and cleanups of sites, as well as internal voluntary programs, are significant and will continue to be so for the foreseeable future. environmental laws may impose cleanup liability on owners and occupiers of contaminated property, including present, past or divested properties, regardless of whether the owners and occupiers caused the contamination or whether the activity that caused the contamination was lawful at the time it was conducted. environmental matters for which arconic may be liable may arise in the future at its present sites, at sites owned or operated by its predecessors or affiliates, at sites that it may acquire in the future, or at third-party sites used by arconic, its predecessors or affiliates for material and waste handling and disposal. compliance with health, safety and environmental laws and regulations, including remediation obligations, may prove to be more challenging and costly than the company anticipates. arconic's results of operations or liquidity in a particular period could be affected by certain health, safety or environmental matters, including remediation costs and damages related to certain sites as well as other health and safety risks relating to its operations and products. additionally, evolving regulatory standards and expectations can result in increased litigation and/or increased costs, including increased remediation costs, all of which can have a material and adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, the industrial activities conducted at arconic's facilities present a significant risk of injury or death to our employees, customers or third parties that may be on site. we have experienced serious injuries in the past, notwithstanding the safety protocols, practices and precautions we take. our operations are subject to regulation by various federal, state and local agencies in the united states and regulation by foreign government entities abroad responsible for employee health and safety, including the occupational safety and health administration. from time to time, we have incurred fines for violations of various health and safety standards. while we maintain insurance and have in place policies to minimize such risks, we may nevertheless be unable to avoid material liabilities for any injury or death that may occur in the future. these types of incidents may not be covered by or may exceed our insurance coverage and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition or result in negative publicity and/or significant reputational harm.
arconic is subject to privacy and data security/protection laws in the jurisdictions in which it operates and may be exposed to substantial costs and liabilities associated with such laws and regulations.
the regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements. for example, the european union's general data protection regulation ("gdpr"), which became effective in may 2018, imposed significant new requirements on how companies process and transfer personal data, as well as significant fines for non-compliance. compliance with changes in privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes, which could have a material adverse effect on arconic's financial condition and results of operations. in addition, the payment of potentially significant fines or penalties in the event of a breach of the gdpr or other privacy and information security laws, as well as the negative publicity associated with such a breach, could damage the company's reputation and adversely impact product demand and customer relationships.
failure to comply with domestic or international employment and related laws could result in penalties or costs that could have a material adverse effect on arconic's business results.
arconic is subject to a variety of domestic and foreign employment laws, such as the fair labor standards act (which governs such matters as minimum wages, overtime and other working conditions), state and local wage laws, the employee retirement income security act, and regulations related to safety, discrimination, organizing, whistle-blowing, classification of employees, privacy and severance payments, citizenship requirements, and healthcare insurance mandates. allegations that arconic has violated such laws or regulations could damage the company's reputation and lead to fines from or settlements with federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities or damages payable to employees, which could have a material adverse impact on arconic's operations and financial condition.
increased concern over climate change has led to new and proposed legislative and regulatory initiatives, such as cap-and-trade systems, additional limits on emissions of greenhouse gases or corporate average fuel economy (cafe) standards in the united states. new or revised laws and regulations in this area could directly and indirectly affect arconic and its customers and suppliers, including by increasing the costs of production or impacting demand for certain products, which could result in an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. compliance with any new or more stringent laws or regulations, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by the company or its customers or suppliers. also, arconic relies on natural gas, electricity, fuel oil and transport fuel to operate its facilities. any increased costs of these energy sources because of new laws could be passed along to the company and its customers and suppliers, which could also have a negative impact on arconic's profitability.
changes in the united kingdom's economic and other relationships with the european union could adversely affect arconic.
in march 2017, the united kingdom formally triggered the process to withdraw from the european union (also referred to as "brexit") following the results of a national referendum that took place in june 2016. the united kingdom formally left the european union on january 31, 2020. a transition period through december 31, 2020 has been established to allow the united kingdom and the european union to negotiate the terms of the united kingdom's withdrawal. however, there is continued uncertainty surrounding the future relationship between the united kingdom and the european union, including trade agreements between the united kingdom and the european union.
the ultimate effects of brexit on arconic are difficult to predict, but because the company currently operates and conducts business in the united kingdom and in europe, brexit could cause disruptions and create uncertainty to arconic's businesses, including affecting the business of and/or our relationships with arconic's customers and suppliers, as well as altering the relationship among tariffs and currencies, including the value of the british pound and the euro relative to the u.s. dollar. such disruptions and uncertainties could adversely affect arconic's financial condition, operating results and cash flows. in addition, brexit could result in legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as new legal relationships between the united kingdom and the european union are established. the ultimate effects of brexit on arconic will also depend on the terms of any agreements the united kingdom and the european union make to retain access to each other's respective markets either during the transition period or more permanently.
dividends on arconic common stock could be reduced or eliminated in the event of material future deterioration in business conditions or in other circumstances.
arconic has historically paid dividends on its common stock; however, it has no obligation to do so. the existence, timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends to arconic's stockholders falls within the discretion of arconic's board of directors, and the company's dividend policy may change at any time without advance notice to arconic's stockholders. for example, on february 8, 2019, in connection with the company's ongoing strategic and portfolio review, arconic announced that it expected to reduce its quarterly common stock dividend from $0.06 to $0.02 per share. the arconic board of directors' decisions regarding the payment of dividends will depend on many factors, such as arconic's financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, covenants associated with certain of the company's debt service obligations, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors that arconic's board of directors deems relevant. arconic's board of directors may determine to further reduce or eliminate arconic's common stock dividend in the event of material future deteriorations in business conditions or in other circumstances.
anti-takeover provisions could prevent or delay a change in control of arconic, including a takeover attempt by a third party and limit the power of arconic's shareholders.
arconic's certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain, and delaware law contains, provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the bidder and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with arconic's board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. for example, arconic is subject to section 203 of the delaware general corporation law, which imposes certain restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between the company and any holder of 15% or more of the company's outstanding common stock, which could make it more difficult for another party to acquire arconic. additionally, the company's certificate of incorporation authorizes arconic's board of directors to issue preferred stock or adopt other anti-takeover measures without shareholder approval. these provisions may apply even if an offer may be considered beneficial by some shareholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that arconic's board of directors determines is not in the best interests of arconic's shareholders. these provisions may also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of arconic common stock or prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors.
risks related to the separation of alcoa the separation of alcoa could result in substantial tax liability.
it was a condition to the distribution of alcoa that (i) the private letter ruling from the internal revenue service (the "irs") regarding certain u.s. federal income tax matters relating to the separation of alcoa and the distribution of alcoa received by arconic remain valid and be satisfactory to arconic's board of directors and (ii) arconic receive an opinion of its outside counsel, satisfactory to the board of directors, regarding the qualification of the distribution of alcoa, together with certain related transactions, as a transaction that is generally tax-free, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, under sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"). both of these conditions were satisfied prior to the distribution of alcoa. however, the irs private letter ruling and the opinion of counsel were based upon and relied on, among other things, various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations, statements and undertakings of arconic and alcoa corporation, including those relating to the past and future conduct of arconic and alcoa corporation. if any of these representations, statements or undertakings is, or becomes, inaccurate or incomplete, or if arconic or alcoa corporation breaches any of its representations or covenants contained in any of the separation of alcoa-related agreements and documents or in any documents relating to the irs private letter ruling and/or the opinion of counsel, the irs private letter ruling and/or the opinion of counsel may be invalid and the conclusions reached therein could be jeopardized.
notwithstanding arconic's receipt of the irs private letter ruling and the opinion of counsel, the irs could determine that the distribution of alcoa and/or certain related transactions should be treated as taxable transactions for u.s. federal income tax purposes if it determines that any of the representations, assumptions or undertakings upon which the irs private letter ruling or the opinion of counsel was based are false or have been violated. in addition, the irs private letter ruling does not address all of the issues that are relevant to determining whether the distribution of alcoa, together with certain related transactions, qualifies as a transaction that is generally tax-free for u.s. federal income tax purposes, and the opinion of counsel represents the judgment of such counsel and is not binding on the irs or any court and the irs or a court may disagree with the conclusions in the opinion of counsel. accordingly, notwithstanding receipt by arconic of the irs private letter ruling and the opinion of counsel, there can be no assurance that the irs will not assert that the distribution of alcoa and/or certain related transactions do not qualify for tax-free treatment for u.s. federal income tax purposes or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. in the event the irs were to prevail with such challenge, arconic, alcoa corporation and arconic shareholders could be subject to significant u.s. federal income tax liability.
if the distribution of alcoa, together with certain related transactions, fails to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, under sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the code, in general, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, arconic would recognize taxable gain as if it had sold the alcoa corporation common stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value and arconic shareholders who received alcoa corporation shares in the distribution would be subject to tax as if they had received a taxable distribution equal to the fair market value of such shares.
under current u.s. federal income tax law, even if the distribution of alcoa, together with certain related transactions, otherwise qualifies for tax-free treatment under sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the code, the distribution of alcoa may nevertheless be rendered taxable to arconic and its shareholders as a result of certain post-distribution of alcoa transactions, including certain acquisitions of shares or assets of arconic or alcoa corporation. the possibility of rendering the distribution of alcoa taxable as a result of such transactions may limit arconic's ability to pursue certain equity issuances, strategic transactions or other transactions that would otherwise maximize the value of arconic's business. under the tax matters agreement that arconic entered into with alcoa corporation, alcoa corporation may be required to indemnify arconic against any additional taxes and related amounts resulting from (i) an acquisition of all or a portion of the equity securities or assets of alcoa corporation, whether by merger or otherwise (and regardless of whether alcoa corporation participated in or otherwise facilitated the acquisition), (ii) issuing equity securities beyond certain thresholds, (iii) repurchasing shares of alcoa corporation stock other than in certain open-market transactions, (iv) ceasing actively to conduct certain of its businesses, (v) other actions or failures to act by alcoa corporation or (vi) any of alcoa corporation's representations, covenants or undertakings contained in any of the separation of alcoa-related agreements and documents or in any documents relating to the irs private letter ruling and/or the opinion of counsel being incorrect or violated. however, the indemnity from alcoa corporation may be insufficient to protect arconic against the full amount of such additional taxes or related liabilities, and alcoa corporation may be unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations fully. moreover, even if arconic ultimately succeeds in recovering from alcoa corporation any amounts for which arconic is held liable, arconic may be temporarily required to bear such losses. in addition, arconic and arconic's subsidiaries may incur certain tax costs in connection with the separation of alcoa, including tax costs resulting from separations in non-u.s. jurisdictions, which may be material. each of these risks could negatively affect arconic's business, results of operations and financial condition.
risks related to the separation of arconic the separation of arconic involves significant time and expense, which could disrupt or adversely affect arconic's business, may not achieve some or all of the anticipated benefits, is subject to various risks and uncertainties and may not be completed in accordance with the expected plans or anticipated timelines, or at all.
on february 8, 2019, arconic announced plans to separate into two independent, publicly-traded companies, composed of the engineered products and forgings businesses, on the one hand, and the global rolled products businesses, on the other hand. the separation of arconic will be subject to the satisfaction of a number of customary conditions, including, among others, receipt of a tax opinion from external counsel.
arconic expects that the process of completing the separation of arconic will be time-consuming and involve significant costs and expenses, which may be significantly higher than what it currently anticipates and may not yield a benefit if the separation of arconic is not completed. executing the separation of arconic will also require significant time and attention from arconic's senior management and employees, which could disrupt the company's ongoing business and adversely affect financial results and results of operations. arconic may also experience increased difficulties in attracting, retaining and motivating employees or maintaining or initiating relationships with lead suppliers, customers and other parties with which arconic currently does business, or may do business in the future, during the pendency of the separation of arconic and following its completion, which could have a material and adverse effect on arconic's businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, or the businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the independent companies resulting from the separation of arconic. and, although we intend for the separation transactions to be tax-free to the company's shareholders for u.s. federal income tax purposes, there can be no assurance that separation of arconic will so qualify. if the separation of arconic were ultimately determined to be taxable, we, the company's shareholders and/or the new independent company would incur income tax liabilities that could be significant.
arconic may not realize some or all of the anticipated strategic, financial, operational or other benefits from the separation of arconic. for example, as independent companies, the engineered products & forgings and global rolled products businesses will be smaller, less diversified companies with a narrower business focus and may be more vulnerable to changing market conditions, such as changes in industry conditions, which could result in increased volatility in their cash flows, working capital and financing requirements and could materially and adversely affect the respective business, financial condition and results of operations. moreover, following the separation of arconic, there can be no assurance that either company will be able to obtain an investment grade rating from nationally recognized credit rating agencies, which could, among other things, increase the non-investment grade rated company's cost of capital. further, there can be no assurance that the combined value of the common stock of the two companies will be equal to or greater than what the value of arconic's common stock would have been had the proposed separation of arconic not occurred.
additionally, the separation is subject to market, regulatory and certain other conditions. unanticipated developments, including, among others, failure of the separation of arconic to qualify for the expected tax treatment, the possibility that any third-party consents required in connection with the separation of arconic will not be received, material adverse changes in business or industry conditions and changes in global economic and financial market conditions generally, could delay or prevent the completion of the separation of arconic, or cause the separation of arconic to occur on terms or conditions that are different or less favorable than expected.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
overview our business arconic inc. ("arconic" or the "company") is a global leader in lightweight metals engineering and manufacturing. arconic's innovative, multi-material products, which include aluminum, titanium, and nickel, are used worldwide in aerospace, automotive, commercial transportation, building and construction, industrial applications, defense, and packaging.
arconic is a global company operating in 18 countries. based upon the country where the point of sale occurred, the united states and europe generated 67% and 23%, respectively, of arconic's sales in 2019. in addition, arconic has operating activities in numerous countries and regions outside the united states, including europe, canada, china, japan, and russia. governmental policies, laws and regulations, and other economic factors, including inflation and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, affect the results of operations in countries with such operating activities.
management review of 2019 and outlook for the future in 2019, sales increased 1% over 2018 as a result of volume growth in the aerospace, packaging, commercial transportation, and industrial end markets; and favorable product pricing in the global rolled products (grp) and engineered products and forgings (ep&f) segments; partially offset by lower aluminum prices; and lower sales of $216 from divestitures of forgings businesses in the united kingdom (divested in december 2019) and eger, hungary (divested in december 2018), latin america extrusions (divested in april 2018), and the completed ramp down of arconic's north american packaging operations (in december 2018). in the segments, segment operating profit increased 27% from 2018 due to favorable product pricing, net cost savings, lower raw material costs including aluminum price, and higher volumes, partially offset by the impact of the tennessee plant transition to industrial production, operational challenges at one aluminum extrusions plant, and higher variable compensation costs.
management continued its focus on liquidity and cash flows as well as improving its operating performance through cost reductions, streamlined organizational structures, margin enhancement, and profitable revenue generation. management has continued its intensified focus on capital efficiency. this focus and the related results enabled arconic to end 2019 with a solid financial position.
•   sales of $14,192, up 1% from 2018, with growth in key end markets, and net income of $470, or $1.03 per diluted share;
•   total segment operating profit of $2,015, an increase of $429, or 27%, from 20181;
•   cash provided from operations of $406; cash used for financing activities of $1,568, reflecting the company's repurchase of $1,150 of its common stock and the repayment of convertible notes in 2019; and cash provided from investing activities of $583;
(1) for the reconciliation of total segment operating profit to consolidated income before income taxes and related information, see page 43.
the company rapidly executed on the separation plan that was announced in february 2019 and is targeting completion of the separation on april 1, 2020. the company will separate into two independent, publicly-traded companies, to be named howmet aerospace inc. (remain co.) and arconic corporation (spin co.) (the "separation of arconic"). remain co. will be comprised of the company's engineered products and forgings businesses (engine products, fastening systems, engineered structures and forged wheels) and will be renamed howmet aerospace inc. at separation and change its stock ticker from "arnc" to "hwm."  spin co. will be comprised of the company's global rolled products businesses (global rolled products, aluminum extrusions and building and construction systems) and will be held by a new company that will be named arconic corporation at separation and that intends to list its common stock on the new york stock exchange under the symbol "arnc."
on february 5, 2020, arconic's board of directors approved the completion of the separation of arconic by means of a pro rata distribution by the company of all of the outstanding common stock of arconic corporation, with each arconic inc. stockholder of record as of the close of business on march 19, 2020 receiving one share of arconic corporation common stock for every four shares of the company's common stock held as of the record date.  on february 7, 2020, the company announced that arconic rolled products corporation (the "issuer"), which is currently a wholly-owned subsidiary of arconic, closed its offering of $600 aggregate principal amount of 6.125% second-lien notes due 2028.  the proceeds will be used to make a payment to arconic to fund the transfer of certain assets to the issuer in connection with the separation and for general corporate purposes.  on february 13, 2020, the registration statement on form 10 for arconic rolled products corporation was declared effective by the securities and exchange commission.
in conjunction with the separation of arconic, the company realigned its reporting segments in the third quarter of 2019 by eliminating its transportation and construction solutions segment and transferring the forged wheels business to the ep&f segment and transferring the building and construction systems business to the grp segment. the company also executed on its plan to sell businesses that do not best fit into one of its two segments, having signed or closed on divestitures in 2019 resulting in proceeds of approximately $190.
results of operations earnings summary sales. sales for 2019 were $14,192 compared with $14,014 in 2018, an increase of $178, or 1%. the increase was primarily due to volume growth in the aerospace, packaging, commercial transportation, and industrial end markets; favorable product pricing and mix in the grp segment; and favorable product pricing in the ep&f segment when fulfilling volume above contractual share, renewing contracts, and selling non-contractual spot business; partially offset by lower aluminum prices; lower sales of $216 from the completed ramp down of arconic's north american packaging operations (in december 2018) and the divestitures of forgings businesses in the united kingdom (divested in december 2019) and hungary (divested in december 2018), and the latin america extrusions business (divested in april 2018); and unfavorable foreign currency movements.
sales for 2018 were $14,014 compared with $12,960 in 2017, an increase of $1,054, or 8%. the increase was the result of strong volume growth across both segments, primarily in the aerospace engines and defense, automotive, commercial transportation, industrial, and building and construction end markets; higher aluminum prices and favorable product mix primarily in the grp segment; and favorable foreign currency movements; partially offset by a decline in volumes in the industrial gas turbine end market; lower sales of $190 from the divestitures of the latin america extrusions business, the rolling mill in fusina, italy (divested in march 2017), and the ramp down of arconic's north american packaging operations; and costs of $38 in 2018 related to settlements of certain customer claims primarily related to product introductions.
cost of goods sold (cogs). cogs as a percentage of sales was 79.1% in 2019 compared with 81.3% in 2018. the decrease was primarily due to lower raw material costs including aluminum prices; net cost savings; favorable product pricing; and costs incurred in 2018 that did not recur in 2019 related to settlements of certain customer claims of $38 noted above and a charge related to a physical inventory adjustment at one plant in the grp segment of $23. these positive impacts were partially offset by unfavorable product mix; a charge for environmental remediation at grasse river of $25; the impairment of energy business assets of $10; and a charge primarily for a one-time signing bonus for employees associated with the collective bargaining agreement negotiation of $9. in june of 2019 the company and the united steelworkers reached a tentative three-year labor agreement covering approximately 3,400 employees at four u.s. locations; the previous labor agreement expired on may 15, 2019. the tentative agreement was ratified on july 11, 2019. additionally, in 2019, the company sustained a fire at a fasteners plant in france and recorded charges of $26 for higher operating costs, equipment and inventory damage, and repairs and cleanup costs. the company submitted an insurance claim and received a partial settlement of $25, which was in excess of its $10 insurance deductible. the insurance claim included $8 of margin not recognized from lost revenue due to the fire. the company anticipates a charge of approximately $10 to $15 in the first quarter of 2020, with additional impacts in subsequent quarters as the business continues to recover from the fire, which are also expected to be covered by insurance proceeds.
cogs as a percentage of sales was 81.3% in 2018 compared with 78.9% in 2017. the increase was the result of higher aluminum prices; unfavorable aerospace product mix; higher transportation costs; manufacturing inefficiencies in engineered structures; performance shortfalls in the disks asset group; costs related to settlements of certain customer claims noted above; and the impact of a charge related to a physical inventory adjustment at one plant in the grp segment of $23 that was recorded in the second quarter of 2018. while a portion of this charge for the physical inventory adjustment related to prior years, the majority related to the first half of 2018. the out-of-period amounts were not material to any interim or annual periods.
selling, general administrative, and other expenses (sg&a). sg&a expenses were $704, or 5.0% of sales, in 2019 compared with $604, or 4.3% of sales, in 2018. the increase in sg&a of $100, or 17%, was primarily due to costs associated with the planned separation of arconic of $78 and higher annual incentive compensation accruals and executive compensation costs, partially offset by lower costs driven by overhead cost reductions and lower net legal and other advisory costs related to grenfell tower of $10, primarily due to insurance reimbursements.
sg&a expenses were $604, or 4.3% of sales, in 2018 compared with $715, or 5.5% of sales, in 2017. the decrease in sg&a of $111, or 16%, was the result of proxy, advisory and governance-related costs of $58, costs related to the separation of alcoa inc. of $18, and costs associated with the company's delaware reincorporation of $3 in 2017, none of which recurred in 2018.
additionally, lower expenses driven by lower annual incentive compensation accruals and overhead cost reductions were somewhat offset by an increase in legal and other advisory costs related to grenfell tower of $4 as well as strategy and portfolio review costs of $7 in 2018.
research and development expenses (r&d). r&d expenses were $70 in 2019 compared with $103 in 2018. the decrease of $33, or 32%, was primarily due to the consolidation of the company's primary r&d facility in conjunction with ongoing cost reduction efforts.
r&d expenses were $103 in 2018 compared with $109 in 2017. the decrease of $6, or 6%, was the result of lower spending.
provision for depreciation and amortization (d&a). the provision for d&a was $536 in 2019 compared with $576 in 2018. the decrease of $40, or 7%, was primarily due to the impact of divestitures, as well as asset impairments in the ep&f segment during the second quarter of 2019 (see note m to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k).
the provision for d&a was $576 in 2018 compared with $551 in 2017. the increase of $25, or 5%, was primarily due to capital projects placed into service.
impairment of goodwill. in 2017, the company recognized an impairment of goodwill of $719 related to the annual impairment review of its arconic forgings and extrusions (afe) business (see goodwill under critical accounting policies and estimates below).
restructuring and other charges. restructuring and other charges were $620 in 2019 compared with $9 in 2018 and $165 in 2017.
restructuring and other charges in 2019 primarily included asset impairments of $556, related to the disks asset group of $428, agreements to sell the company's brazilian rolling mill operations, the u.k. forgings business, and a small additive business of $112, and a trade name intangible asset and properties, plant, and equipment related to the company's primary research and development facility of $25; and a charge for layoff costs of $103, including the separation of approximately 1,310 employees; partially offset by a benefit from the elimination of the life insurance benefit for the u.s. salaried and non-bargaining hourly retirees of the company and its subsidiaries of $58; and a gain for contingent consideration received from the sale of the texarkana rolling mill of $20.
restructuring and other charges in 2018 primarily included a charge for pension and other postretirement benefits net settlements and curtailments of $91; a loss on the sale of the hungary forgings business of $43; and a charge for layoff costs of $20, including the separation of approximately 125 employees; partially offset by a gain on the asset sale of the texarkana rolling mill of $154.
restructuring and other charges in 2017 primarily included a charge for layoff costs of $69, including the separation of approximately 880 employees; a charge related to the sale of the italy rolling mill of $60; and a charge for the impairment of assets associated with the sale of the latin america extrusions business of $41.
see note c to the to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k.
interest expense. interest expense was $338 in 2019 compared with $378 in 2018. the decrease of $40, or 11%, was primarily due to lower debt outstanding, driven by the repayment of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 1.63% convertible notes of approximately $403 on october 15, 2019, as well as costs incurred of $19 in 2018 related to the premium paid on the early redemption of the company's then outstanding 5.72% senior notes due 2019 that did not recur in 2019.
interest expense was $378 in 2018 compared with $496 in 2017. the decrease of $118, or 24%, was the result of higher costs incurred in 2017 related to the early redemption of the company's outstanding debt than were incurred during 2018, as well as lower debt outstanding.
other expense (income), net. other expense, net was $122 in 2019 compared with $79 in 2018. the increase of $43 was primarily due to an increase in deferred compensation arrangements and related investment performance and the benefit recognized in 2018 from establishing a tax indemnification receivable reflecting alcoa corporation's 49% share of a spanish tax reserve of $29 that did not recur in 2019, partially offset by favorable foreign currency movements.
other expense, net was $79 in 2018 compared with other income, net of $486 in 2017. the decrease in other income, net of $565 was the result of gains recorded during 2017 related to the sale of a portion of arconic's investment in alcoa corporation common stock of $351, the debt-for-equity exchange (in april and may 2017, the company acquired a portion of its outstanding notes held by two investment banks (the "investment banks") in exchange for cash and the company's remaining 12,958,767 shares (valued at $35.91 per share) in alcoa corporation stock and recorded a gain of $167), income associated with an adjustment to the contingent earn-out liability related to the firth rixson acquisition of $81 (see note s to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k), and income due to the reversal of a liability associated with a separation-related guarantee of $25, none of which recurred in 2018, and unfavorable foreign currency movements, somewhat offset by lower non-service related net periodic benefit cost and the benefit of $29 from establishing a tax indemnification receivable reflecting alcoa corporation's 49% share of a spanish tax reserve (see note t to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k).
income taxes. arconic's effective tax rate was 18.3% in 2019 compared with the u.s. federal statutory rate of 21%. the effective rate differs from the u.s. federal statutory rate primarily as a result of a $94 net benefit related to a u.s. tax election which caused the deemed liquidation of a foreign subsidiary's assets into its u.s. tax parent, a $24 net benefit associated with the deduction of foreign taxes that were previously claimed as a u.s. foreign tax credit, and a $12 net benefit for foreign tax rate changes, partially offset by the tax impact of $89 of non-deductible executive compensation and transaction costs, $53 of impairment charges related to the company's brazilian rolling mill operations and other foreign losses with no tax benefit, a $14 charge for u.s. state taxes, and by foreign income subject to u.s. taxes.
arconic's effective tax rate was 26.0% in 2018 compared with the u.s. federal statutory rate of 21%. the effective tax rate differs from the u.s. federal statutory rate primarily as a result of a $60 charge to establish a tax reserve in spain, a $59 net charge resulting from the company's finalized analysis of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs acts of 2017 ("the 2017 act"), a $13 charge for u.s. state taxes, foreign income taxed in higher rate jurisdictions, and foreign losses with no tax benefit, partially offset by a $74 benefit related to the reversal of a foreign recapture obligation, a $38 benefit to reverse a foreign tax reserve that is effectively settled, and a $10 benefit for the release of u.s. valuation allowances.
arconic's effective tax rate was 115.7% in 2017 compared with the u.s. federal statutory rate of 35%. the effective tax rate differs from the u.s. federal statutory rate primarily as a result of a $719 impairment of goodwill, a $41 impairment of assets in the latin america extrusions business, and a $60 charge related to the sale of a rolling mill in italy that are nondeductible for income tax purposes, a $272 tax charge as a provisional impact of the 2017 act, and a $23 tax charge for an increase in an uncertain tax position in germany, partially offset by a $73 tax benefit related to the sale and debt-for-equity exchange of the alcoa corporation stock, a $69 tax benefit for the release of u.s. state valuation allowances net of the federal tax benefit, a $27 favorable tax impact associated with a non-taxable earn-out liability adjustment in connection with the firth rixson acquisition, and by foreign income taxed in lower rate jurisdictions. arconic's effective tax rate was 356.5% in 2016 compared with the u.s. fed arconic anticipates that the effective tax rate in 2020 will be between 26.5% and 28.5%. however, the planned separation of arconic, other business portfolio actions, changes in the current economic environment, tax legislation or rate changes, currency fluctuations, ability to realize deferred tax assets, movements in stock price impacting tax benefits or deficiencies on stock-based payment awards, and the results of operations in certain taxing jurisdictions may cause this estimated rate to fluctuate.
net income. net income was $470 for 2019, or $1.03 per diluted share, compared to net income of $642 for 2018, or $1.33 per share. the decrease in results of $172 was primarily due to higher restructuring and other charges; higher sg&a expenses due to costs associated with the planned separation of arconic of $70 ($78 before-tax) and higher annual incentive compensation accruals and executive compensation costs; and higher other expense, net due to an increase in deferred compensation arrangements and related investment performance and the benefit recognized in 2018 from establishing a tax indemnification receivable reflecting alcoa corporation's 49% share of a spanish tax reserve of $28 ($29 before-tax) that did not recur in 2019; partially offset by volume growth; favorable product pricing; net cost savings; lower d&a due to the impact of divestitures as well as asset impairments in the ep&f segment; lower interest expense due to lower debt outstanding and costs incurred of $15 ($19 before-tax) in 2018 related to the premium paid on the early redemption of debt that did not recur in 2019; lower r&d expenses due to the consolidation of the company's primary r&d facility in conjunction with ongoing cost reduction efforts; and lower income taxes primarily as a result of a benefit related to a u.s. tax election which caused the deemed liquidation of a foreign subsidiary's assets into its u.s. tax parent.
net income was $642 for 2018, or $1.30 per diluted share, compared to a net loss of $74 for 2017, or $0.28 per share. the increase in results of $716 was due in part to the following items that occurred in 2017 but did not recur in 2018: a charge for goodwill impairment of $719 ($719 pre-tax); gains related to the sale of a portion of arconic's investment in alcoa corporation common stock and the debt-for-equity exchange of $405 ($518 pre-tax); and favorable adjustments to contingent earn-out and guarantee liabilities of $97 ($106 pre-tax). additional favorable impacts in 2018 included: volume growth across both segments; lower sg&a expenses due to proxy and separation costs incurred in 2017 and not recurring in 2018, as well as lower incentive compensation accruals; lower restructuring and other charges driven primarily by the gain on sale of the texarkana rolling mill, offset by pension settlement charges and the loss on sale of the forgings business in hungary; lower interest expense due to lower debt levels; lower pension expenses; and lower income taxes. these favorable impacts were partially offset by unfavorable aerospace product mix, higher aluminum prices, manufacturing inefficiencies in engineered structures, performance shortfalls in the disks asset group, settlements of certain customer claims, and an unfavorable physical inventory adjustment at one plant.
segment information arconic's operations consist of two worldwide reportable segments: engineered products and forgings (ep&f) and global rolled products (grp). segment performance under arconic's management reporting system is evaluated based on a number of factors; however, the primary measure of performance is segment operating profit. arconic's definition of segment operating profit is operating income excluding special items. special items include restructuring and other charges and impairment of goodwill. segment operating profit may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. differences between segment totals and consolidated arconic are in corporate.
in the third quarter of 2019, the company realigned its operations by eliminating its transportation and construction solutions (tcs) segment and transferring the forged wheels business to its ep&f segment and the building and solutions systems (bcs) business to its grp segment, consistent with how the chief executive officer is assessing operating performance and allocating capital in conjunction with the planned separation of arconic (see note u to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k). the latin america extrusions business, which was formerly part of the company's tcs segment until its sale in april of 2018 (see note s to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k), was moved to corporate. in the first quarter of 2019, management transferred its aluminum extrusions operations from its engineered structures business unit within the ep&f segment to the grp segment, based on synergies with the grp segment including similar customer base, technologies, and manufacturing capabilities. prior period financial information has been recast to conform to current year presentation.
arconic produces aerospace engine parts and components, aerospace fastening systems, and aluminum sheet and plate products for boeing 737 max airplanes. the temporary reduction in the production rate of the 737 max airplanes that was announced by boeing in april 2019 did not have a significant impact on the company's sales or segment operating profit in 2019. in late december 2019, boeing announced a temporary suspension of production of the 737 max airplanes. in 2020, the company expects a reduction in production rate to have a negative impact on sales of approximately $400 along with a corresponding impact on segment operating profit in the ep&f and grp segments.
segment operating profit for all reportable segments totaled $2,015 in 2019, $1,586 in 2018, and $1,689 in 2017. the following information provides sales and segment operating profit for each reportable segment, as well as certain shipment data for grp, for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2019. see note b to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k.
segment operating profit      $1,390              $1,105              $1,119
the engineered products and forgings segment produces products that are used primarily in the aerospace (commercial and defense), industrial, commercial transportation, and power generation end markets. such products include fastening systems (aluminum, titanium, steel, and nickel superalloys) and seamless rolled rings (mostly nickel superalloys); investment castings (nickel superalloys, titanium, and aluminum), including airfoils; forged jet engine components (e.g., jet engine disks); extruded, machined and forged aircraft parts (titanium and aluminum); and forged aluminum commercial vehicle wheels, all of which are sold directly to customers and through distributors. approximately 70% of the third-party sales in this segment are from the aerospace end market. a small part of this segment also produces various forged and machined metal products (titanium and aluminum) for various end markets. seasonal decreases in sales are experienced for certain products in the third quarter of the year due to the european summer slowdown. generally, the sales and costs and expenses of this segment are transacted in the local currency of the respective operations, which are mostly the u.s. dollar, british pound and the euro.
on december 1, 2019, arconic completed the divestiture of its forgings business in the united kingdom. the forgings business primarily produces steel, titanium, and nickel based forged components for aerospace, mining, and off-highway markets. this business generated third-party sales of $116, $131, and $127 in 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively, and had 540 employees at the time of the divestiture.
on december 31, 2018, as part of the company's then ongoing strategy and portfolio review, arconic completed the sale of its forgings business in hungary that manufactured high volume steel forgings for drivetrain components in the european heavy-duty truck and automotive market. this business generated third-party sales of $32 and $38 in 2018 and 2017, respectively, and had 180 employees at the time of the divestiture.
third-party sales for the engineered products and forgings segment increased $307, or 5%, in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily as a result of higher aerospace and commercial transportation volumes and favorable product pricing, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency movements and lower sales of $47 from divestitures of forgings businesses in the united kingdom (divested in december 2019) and hungary (divested in december 2018).
third-party sales for this segment increased $498, or 8%, in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily attributable to higher volumes in the aerospace engines, defense, and commercial transportation end markets and favorable foreign currency movements, partially offset by a decline in volumes in the industrial gas turbine market and lower aerospace pricing principally in the fasteners business.
segment operating profit for the engineered products and forgings segment increased $285, or 26%, in 2019 compared with 2018, due to net cost savings, higher volumes as noted previously, favorable product pricing, and lower raw material costs, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of new product introductions in aerospace engines and unfavorable product mix.
segment operating profit for this segment decreased $14, or 1%, in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily attributable to performance shortfalls in the disks asset group; manufacturing inefficiencies in the engineered structures business, associated with the now resolved forging press outage at the cleveland facility that impacted the fourth quarter of 2018 with higher costs of $10; unfavorable aerospace engine mix and new product introductions; and lower aerospace pricing principally in the fasteners business; partly offset by the strength in aerospace engine, defense, and commercial transportation volumes and net cost savings.
in mid-february 2020, a fire occurred at the company's forged wheels plant located in barberton, ohio. while some equipment has safely been returned to service at reduced production levels, the extent of the damage and the financial impact are not yet known as the investigation into the cause of the fire and its full impact continues. the company has insurance with a deductible of $10.
segment operating profit                    $625                $481                $570
the global rolled products segment produces aluminum sheet and plate, aluminum extruded and machined parts, integrated aluminum structural systems, and architectural extrusions used in the automotive, aerospace, building and construction, industrial, packaging, and commercial transportation end markets. products are sold directly to customers and through distributors. while the customer base for flat-rolled products is large, a significant amount of sales of sheet and plate is to a relatively small number of customers. generally, the sales and costs and expenses of this segment are transacted in the local currency of the respective operations, which are mostly the u.s. dollar, chinese yuan, the euro, the russian ruble, the brazilian real, and the british pound.
in march 2017, arconic completed the sale of its fusina, italy rolling mill. the rolling mill generated third-party sales of $54 in 2017 and had approximately 312 employees.
third-party sales for the global rolled products segment decreased $141, or 2%, in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily as a result of lower aluminum prices, the absence of sales of $144 from the completed ramp down of arconic's north american packaging operations (completed in december 2018), and unfavorable foreign currency movements, partially offset by favorable product pricing and mix and higher volumes in the packaging, aerospace, and industrial end markets.
third-party sales for this segment increased $683, or 10%, in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily attributable to higher aluminum prices; higher volumes in the automotive, commercial transportation, and industrial end markets; and favorable product mix; partially offset by the absence of sales of $54 from the rolling mill in fusina, italy and the planned ramp down of arconic's north american packaging operations.
segment operating profit for the global rolled products segment increased $144, or 30%, in 2019 compared with 2018, due to favorable pricing adjustments on industrial and commercial transportation products; favorable aluminum price impacts; net cost savings; favorable product mix; and the impact of a charge incurred in 2018 related to a physical inventory adjustment at one plant that did not recur in 2019; partially offset by operational challenges at one aluminum extrusions plant and the impact of the tennessee plant transition to industrial production.
segment operating profit for this segment decreased $89, or 16%, in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily driven by operational challenges at one plant, higher aluminum prices, unfavorable aerospace wide-body production mix, higher transportation costs and scrap spreads, and a physical inventory adjustment of $23; partially offset by higher automotive, commercial transportation and industrial volumes.
on february 1, 2020, arconic sold its aluminum rolling mill in itapissuma, brazil. this rolling mill generated sales of $143 in 2019 and had 513 employees at the time of divestiture.
in 2020 compared to 2019, demand from the automotive end market is expected to be up, while headwinds will continue in the commercial transportation end market. the aerospace airframe end market will be heavily influenced by the 737 max situation. growth is expected with the tennessee industrial products ramp-up. the bcs business expects continued growth and margin expansion. net productivity improvements are also anticipated to continue.
reconciliation of total segment operating profit to consolidated income from continuing operations before income taxes
total segment operating profit                                          $2,015              $1,586              $1,689
corporate expense increased $108, or 43%, in 2019 compared with 2018 primarily due to costs associated with the planned separation of arconic of $78; higher annual incentive compensation accruals and executive compensation costs; environmental remediation costs for grasse river of $25; impairment of energy business assets of $10; net impacts associated with a fire at a fasteners plant of $9 (net of insurance reimbursements); and collective bargaining agreement negotiation costs of $9; partially offset by costs incurred in 2018 that did not recur in 2019 related to settlements of certain customer claims of $38; lower costs driven by overhead cost reductions; lower research and development expenses; and lower net legal and other advisory costs related to grenfell tower of $10 primarily due to insurance reimbursements.
corporate expense decreased $73, or 22%, in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to proxy, advisory and governance-related costs of $58 and costs related to the separation of alcoa inc. of $18 in 2017, neither of which recurred in 2018. also, lower expenses driven by lower annual incentive compensation accruals and overhead cost reductions were partially offset by costs incurred in the second quarter of 2018 related to the settlements of certain customer claims primarily related to product introductions of $38, an increase in legal and other advisory costs related to grenfell tower of $4, and strategy and portfolio review costs of $7 in 2018.
environmental matters see the environmental matters section of note t to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources arconic maintains a disciplined approach to cash management and strengthening of its balance sheet. management continued to focus on actions to improve arconic's cost structure and liquidity, providing the company with the ability to operate effectively. such actions included procurement efficiencies and overhead rationalization to reduce costs, working capital initiatives, and maintaining a sustainable level of capital expenditures.
cash provided from operations and financing activities is expected to be adequate to cover arconic's operational and business needs over the next 12 months. for an analysis of long-term liquidity, see contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements below.
at december 31, 2019, cash and cash equivalents of arconic were $1,648, of which $414 was held by arconic's non-u.s. subsidiaries. if the cash held by non-u.s. subsidiaries were to be repatriated to the u.s., the company does not expect there to be additional material income tax consequences.
operating activities cash provided from operations in 2019 was $406 compared with $217 in 2018. the increase of $189, or 87%, was primarily due to higher operating results and lower pension contributions of $30, partially offset by higher working capital of $112. the components of the change in working capital included unfavorable changes in accounts payable of $395 and taxes, including income taxes of $106, partially offset by favorable changes in receivables of $165 and accrued expenses of $148.
cash provided from operations in 2018 was $217 compared with cash used for operations $39 in 2017. the increase of $256 was primarily due to lower working capital of $209 and a favorable change in noncurrent liabilities of $169 due primarily to reversals in 2017 related to the firth rixson earn-out liability of $81 and separation-related guarantee liability of $25, partially offset by lower operating results. the components of the change in working capital included favorable changes in accounts payable of $277, taxes, including income taxes of $127, and inventories of $118, partially offset by unfavorable changes in receivables of $227, accrued expenses of $74, and prepaid expenses and other current assets of $12.
financing activities cash used for financing activities was $1,568 in 2019 compared with $649 in 2018 and $1,015 in 2017.
the use of cash in 2019 was primarily related to the repurchase of $1,150 of common stock (see note h to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data); repayments on borrowings under certain revolving credit facilities (see below) and repayments on debt, primarily the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 1.63% convertible notes of approximately $403 (see note p to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data); and dividends paid to shareholders of $57. these items were partially offset by additions to debt for borrowings under certain revolving credit facilities of $400 and proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options of $56.
the use of cash in 2018 was principally the result of $1,103 in repayments on borrowings under certain revolving credit facilities (see below) and repayments on debt, primarily related to the early redemption of the then remaining outstanding 5.72% notes due in 2019 (see note p to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k) and $119 in dividends to shareholders. these items were partially offset by $600 in additions to debt, primarily from borrowings under certain revolving credit facilities.
the use of cash in 2017 was principally the result of $1,634 in repayments on borrowings under certain revolving credit facilities (see below) and repayments on debt, primarily related to the early redemption of the company's 6.50% bonds due 2018, 6.75% notes due 2018, and a portion of the 5.72% notes due 2019 (see note p to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k); $162 in dividends to shareholders; and $52 in premiums paid on early redemption of debt. these items were partially offset by $816 in additions to debt, primarily from borrowings under certain revolving credit facilities, and $50 of proceeds from the exercise of stock options.
in september 2014, arconic completed two public securities offerings under its shelf registration statement for (i) $1,250 of 25 million depositary shares, each representing a 1/10th interest in a share of arconic's 5.375% class b mandatory convertible preferred stock, series 1, par value $1 per share, liquidation preference $500 per share, and (ii) $1,250 of 5.125% notes due 2024. the net proceeds of the offerings were used to finance the cash portion of the acquisition of firth rixson. on october 2, 2017, all outstanding 24,975,978 depositary shares were converted at a rate of 1.56996 into 39,211,286 common shares; 24,022 depositary shares were previously tendered for early conversion into 31,420 shares of arconic common stock. no gain or loss was recognized associated with this noncash equity transaction.
arconic maintains a five-year revolving credit agreement (the "credit agreement") with a syndicate of lenders and issuers named therein that expires on june 29, 2023 and provides for a senior unsecured revolving credit facility of $3,000. in addition to the credit agreement, arconic has a number of other credit agreements that provide a combined borrowing capacity of $640 as of december 31, 2019. see note p to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k.
arconic's costs of borrowing and ability to access the capital markets are affected not only by market conditions but also by the short- and long-term debt ratings assigned to arconic by the major credit rating agencies.
on may 1, 2017, standard and poor's ratings services (s&p) affirmed arconic's long-term debt at bbb-, an investment grade rating, with a stable outlook, and its short-term debt at a-3. on february 7, 2019, s&p placed the rating on negative credit watch and, subsequently, on april 26, s&p affirmed the long-term debt rating at bbb- but changed the outlook to negative. on january 28, 2020, s&p affirmed the long-term debt rating at bbb- but changed the outlook to stable in expectation of the separation impact. on november 1, 2016, moody's investor service (moody's) downgraded arconic's long-term debt rating from ba1, a non-investment grade, to ba2 with a stable outlook and its short-term debt rating from speculative grade liquidity-1 to speculative grade liquidity-2. moody's ratings and outlooks were affirmed on november 2, 2017, october 8, 2018, and october 9, 2019. on january 24, 2020, moody's affirmed the long-term debt rating at ba2 but changed the outlook to negative. on april 21, 2016, fitch affirmed arconic's long-term debt rating at bb+, a non-investment grade, and short-term debt at b. additionally, fitch changed the outlook from positive to evolving. on july 7, 2016, fitch changed the outlook from evolving to stable (ratings and outlook were affirmed on july 3, 2017). on september 27, 2018, fitch changed the outlook from stable to positive (ratings and outlook were affirmed on october 8, 2019).
investing activities cash provided from investing activities was $583 in 2019 compared with $565 in 2018 and $1,320 in 2017.
the source of cash in 2019 was primarily due to cash receipts from sold receivables of $995, proceeds from the sale of assets and businesses of $103 (see note s to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data), and the sale of fixed income securities of $73, partially offset by capital expenditures of $586, including expansion of a wheels plant in hungary, expansion of aerospace airfoils capacity in the united states, and transition of the tennessee plant to industrial production.
the source of cash in 2018 included cash receipts from sold receivables of $1,016 and proceeds from the sale of the texarkana, texas rolling mill and cast house of $302, partially offset by capital expenditures of $768, including the horizontal heat treat furnace at the davenport, iowa plant and an expansion of a wheels plant in szekesfehervar, hungary.
the source of cash in 2017 included proceeds of $888 from the sale of a portion of arconic's investment in alcoa corporation common stock, cash receipts from sold receivables of $792, and the receipt of proceeds from the sale of the yadkin hydroelectric project of $243 (see note u to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k), somewhat offset by cash used for capital expenditures of $596, including the aerospace expansion (very thick plate stretcher and horizontal heat treat furnace) at the davenport, iowa plant and a titanium aluminide furnace at the niles, ohio facility, and the injection of $10 into the rolling business in italy prior to its sale.
noncash financing and investing activities on october 2, 2017, all outstanding 24,975,978 depositary shares (each depositary share representing a 1/10th interest in a share of the mandatory convertible preferred stock) were converted at a rate of 1.56996 into 39,211,286 common shares; 24,022 depositary shares were previously tendered for early conversion into 31,420 shares of arconic common stock. no gain or loss was recognized associated with this equity transaction. see note h to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k.
in the second quarter of 2017, the company completed a debt-for-equity exchange with the investment banks for the remaining portion of arconic's retained interest in alcoa corporation common stock for a portion of the company's outstanding notes held by the investment banks for $465 including accrued and unpaid interest. see note p to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements contractual obligations. arconic is required to make future payments under various contracts, including long-term purchase obligations, financing arrangements, and lease agreements. arconic also has commitments to fund its pension plans, provide payments for other postretirement benefit plans, and fund capital projects. as of december 31, 2019, a summary of arconic's outstanding contractual obligations is as follows (these contractual obligations are grouped in the same manner as they are classified in the statement of consolidated cash flows in order to provide a better understanding of the nature of the obligations and to provide a basis for comparison to historical information):
total                2020             2021-2022             2023-2024       thereafter operating activities:
other postretirement benefit payments              655                  80                 160                   155                   260
uncertain tax positions                            220                   -                   -                     -                   220
financing activities:
investing activities:
capital projects                                   401                 247                 121                    33             -
obligations for operating activities energy-related purchase obligations consist primarily of electricity and natural gas contracts with expiration dates ranging from one year to five years. raw material purchase obligations consist mostly of aluminum, titanium sponge, and various other metals with expiration dates ranging from less than one year to six years. many of these purchase obligations contain variable pricing components, and, as a result, actual cash payments may differ from the estimates provided in the preceding table.
interest related to total debt is based on interest rates in effect as of december 31, 2019 and is calculated on debt with maturities that extend to 2042.
estimated minimum required pension funding and postretirement benefit payments are based on actuarial estimates using current assumptions for discount rates, long-term rate of return on plan assets, and health care cost trend rates, among others. it is arconic's policy to fund amounts for pension plans sufficient to meet the minimum requirements set forth in applicable country benefits laws and tax laws. periodically, arconic contributes additional amounts as deemed appropriate. the estimates reported in the preceding table include amounts sufficient to meet the minimum required, along with approximately $60 of contributions in 2020 related to actions designed to reduce future obligations. arconic has determined that it is not practicable to present pension funding and other postretirement benefit payments beyond 2024 and 2029, respectively.
layoff and other restructuring payments to be paid within one year primarily relate to severance costs, special layoff benefit payments, and lease termination costs.
uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on an income tax return may result in additional payments to tax authorities. the amount in the preceding table includes interest and penalties accrued related to such positions as of december 31, 2019. the total amount of uncertain tax positions is included in the "thereafter" column as the company is not able to reasonably estimate the timing of potential future payments. if a tax authority agrees with the tax position taken or expected to be taken or the applicable statute of limitations expires, then additional payments will not be necessary.
obligations for financing activities arconic has historically paid quarterly dividends on its preferred and common stock. including dividends on preferred stock, arconic paid $57 in dividends to shareholders during 2019. because all dividends are subject to approval by arconic's board of directors, amounts are not included in the preceding table unless such authorization has occurred. as of december 31, 2019, there were 432,855,183 shares of outstanding common stock and 546,024 shares of outstanding class a preferred stock. in 2019, the preferred stock dividend was $3.75 per share and the common stock dividend was $0.12 per share.
obligations for investing activities capital projects in the preceding table only include amounts approved by management as of december 31, 2019. funding levels may vary in future years based on anticipated construction schedules of the projects. it is expected that significant expansion projects will be funded through various sources, including cash provided from operations. total capital expenditures are anticipated to be less than four percent of sales in 2020.
off-balance sheet arrangements at december 31, 2019, arconic had outstanding bank guarantees related to tax matters, outstanding debt, workers' compensation, environmental obligations, energy contracts, and customs duties, among others. the total amount committed under these guarantees, which expire at various dates between 2020 and 2040 was $31 at december 31, 2019.
pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement between arconic and alcoa corporation, arconic was required to provide certain guarantees for alcoa corporation, which had a combined fair value of $9 and $6 at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and were included in other noncurrent liabilities and deferred credits on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. arconic was required to provide guarantees related to two long-term supply agreements for energy for alcoa corporation facilities in the event of an alcoa corporation payment default. in october 2017, alcoa corporation announced that it had terminated one of the two agreements, the electricity contract with luminant generation company llc that was tied to its rockdale operations, effective as of october 1, 2017. as a result of the termination of the rockdale electricity contract, arconic recorded income of $25 in the fourth quarter of 2017 associated with reversing the fair value of the electricity contract guarantee. for the remaining long-term supply agreement, arconic is required to provide a guarantee up to an estimated present value amount of approximately $1,353 and $1,087 at december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, respectively, in the event of an alcoa corporation payment default. this guarantee expires in 2047. for this guarantee, subject to its provisions, arconic is secondarily liable in the event of a payment default by alcoa corporation. arconic currently views the risk of an alcoa corporation payment default on its obligations under the contract to be remote. in december 2019, arconic entered into a one-year insurance policy with a limit of $80 relating to the remaining long-term energy supply agreement. the premium is expected to be paid by alcoa corporation. the decision to enter into a claims purchase agreement or insurance policy will be made on an annual basis going forward.
arconic has outstanding letters of credit primarily related to workers' compensation, environmental obligations, and leasing obligations. the total amount committed under these letters of credit, which automatically renew or expire at various dates, mostly in 2020, was $142 at december 31, 2019.
pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement, arconic was required to retain letters of credit of $52 that had previously been provided related to both arconic and alcoa corporation workers' compensation claims which occurred prior to november 1, 2016. alcoa corporation workers' compensation claims and letter of credit fees paid by arconic are being proportionally billed to and are being fully reimbursed by alcoa corporation.
arconic has outstanding surety bonds primarily related to tax matters, contract performance, workers' compensation, environmental-related matters, and customs duties. the total amount committed under these surety bonds, which expire at various dates, primarily in 2020, was $50 at december 31, 2019.
pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement, arconic was required to provide surety bonds related to alcoa corporation workers' compensation claims which occurred prior to november 1, 2016 and, as a result, arconic has $24 in outstanding surety bonds relating to these liabilities. alcoa corporation workers' compensation claims and surety bond fees paid by arconic are being proportionally billed to and are being fully reimbursed by alcoa corporation.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america requires management to make certain judgments, estimates, and assumptions regarding uncertainties that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and disclosed in the accompanying notes. areas that require significant judgments, estimates, and assumptions include accounting for environmental and litigation matters; the testing of goodwill, other intangible assets, and properties, plants, and equipment for impairment; estimating fair value of businesses acquired or divested; pension plans and other postretirement benefits obligations; stock-based compensation; and income taxes.
management uses historical experience and all available information to make these judgments, estimates, and assumptions, and actual results may differ from those used to prepare the company's consolidated financial statements at any given time. despite these inherent limitations, management believes that management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes provide a meaningful and fair perspective of the company.
a summary of the company's significant accounting policies is included in note a to the consolidated financial statements. management believes that the application of these policies on a consistent basis enables the company to provide the users of the consolidated financial statements with useful and reliable information about the company's operating results and financial condition.
environmental matters. expenditures for current operations are expensed or capitalized, as appropriate. expenditures relating to existing conditions caused by past operations, which will not contribute to future sales, are expensed. liabilities are recorded when remediation costs are probable and can be reasonably estimated. the liability may include costs such as site investigations, consultant fees, feasibility studies, outside contractors, and monitoring expenses. estimates are generally not discounted or reduced by potential claims for recovery. claims for recovery are recognized when probable and as agreements are reached with third parties. the estimates also include costs related to other potentially responsible parties to the extent that arconic has reason to believe such parties will not fully pay their proportionate share. the liability is continuously reviewed and adjusted to reflect current remediation progress, prospective estimates of required activity, and other factors that may be relevant, including changes in technology or regulations.
litigation matters. for asserted claims and assessments, liabilities are recorded when an unfavorable outcome of a matter is deemed to be probable and the loss is reasonably estimable. management determines the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome based on many factors such as the nature of the matter, available defenses and case strategy, progress of the matter, views and opinions of legal counsel and other advisors, applicability and success of appeals processes, and the outcome of similar historical matters, among others. once an unfavorable outcome is deemed probable, management weighs the probability of estimated losses, and the most reasonable loss estimate is recorded. if an unfavorable outcome of a matter is deemed to be reasonably possible, then the matter is disclosed and no liability is recorded. with respect to unasserted claims or assessments, management must first determine that the probability that an assertion will be made is likely, then, a determination as to the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to reasonably estimate the potential loss is made. legal matters are reviewed on a continuous basis to determine if there has been a change in management's judgment regarding the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome or the estimate of a potential loss.
goodwill. goodwill is not amortized; instead, it is reviewed for impairment annually (in the fourth quarter) or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist or if a decision is made to sell or realign a business. a significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. such indicators may include deterioration in general economic conditions, negative developments in equity and credit markets, adverse changes in the markets in which an entity operates, increases in input costs that have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows, or a trend of negative or declining cash flows over multiple periods, among others. the fair value that could be realized in an actual transaction may differ from that used to evaluate the impairment of goodwill.
goodwill is allocated among and evaluated for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment. for 2019, arconic had seven reporting units, of which four were included in the ep&f segment (fastening systems, engineered structures, engine products, and forged wheels), and three were included in the grp segment (global rolled products, aluminum extrusions, and bcs.)
in reviewing goodwill for impairment, an entity has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not (greater than 50%) that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if an entity elects to perform a qualitative assessment and determines that an impairment is more likely than not, the entity is then required to perform the quantitative impairment test (described below), otherwise no further analysis is required. an entity also may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment and, instead, proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. the ultimate outcome of the goodwill impairment review for a reporting unit should be the same whether an entity chooses to perform the qualitative assessment or proceeds directly to the quantitative impairment test.
arconic determines annually, based on facts and circumstances, which of its reporting units will be subject to the qualitative assessment. for those reporting units where a qualitative assessment is either not performed or for which the conclusion is that an impairment is more likely than not, a quantitative impairment test will be performed. arconic's policy is that a quantitative impairment test be performed for each reporting unit at least once during every three-year period.
under the qualitative assessment, various events and circumstances (or factors) that would affect the estimated fair value of a reporting unit are identified (similar to impairment indicators above). these factors are then classified by the type of impact they would have on the estimated fair value using positive, neutral, and adverse categories based on current business conditions. additionally, an assessment of the level of impact that a particular factor would have on the estimated fair value is determined using high, medium, and low weighting. furthermore, management considers the results of the most recent quantitative impairment test completed for a reporting unit and compares the weighted average cost of capital (wacc) between the current and prior years for each reporting unit.
during the 2019 annual review of goodwill, management proceeded directly to the quantitative impairment test for all seven of its reporting units. the estimated fair values for each of the seven reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values by more than 50%, thus, there was no goodwill impairment. under the quantitative impairment test, the evaluation of impairment involves comparing the current fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. arconic uses a discounted cash flow (dcf) model to estimate the current fair value of its reporting units when testing for impairment, as management believes forecasted cash flows are the best indicator of such fair value. a number of significant assumptions and estimates are involved in the application of the dcf model to forecast operating cash flows, including sales growth (volumes and pricing), production costs, capital spending, and discount rate. most of these assumptions vary significantly among the reporting units. cash flow forecasts are generally based on approved business unit operating plans for the early years and historical relationships in later years. the wacc rate for the individual reporting units is estimated with the assistance of valuation experts. arconic would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value without exceeding the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
in the first quarter of 2019, management transferred its aluminum extrusions business (aluminum extrusions) from engineered structures within the ep&f segment to the grp segment, based on synergies with the grp segment including similar customer base, technologies, and manufacturing capabilities. management assessed and concluded that the remaining engineered structures business unit and the aluminum extrusions business unit represent reporting units. as a result of the reorganization, goodwill of $110 was reallocated from engineered structures to aluminum extrusions and these reporting units were evaluated for impairment during the first quarter of 2019. the estimated fair value of each of these reporting units substantially exceeded their carrying value; thus, there was no goodwill impairment. in the second quarter of 2019, management transferred its castings operations from engineered structures to engine products within the ep&f segment based on process expertise for investment castings that existed within engine products. as a result, goodwill of $105 was reallocated from engineered structures to engine products and these reporting units were evaluated for impairment during the second quarter of 2019. the estimated fair value of each of these reporting units substantially exceeded their carrying value; thus, there was no impairment. as a result of the elimination of the tcs segment in the third quarter of 2019 (see segment information above), the company transferred $7 of forged wheels goodwill and $68 of bcs goodwill from the tcs segment to the ep&f and grp segments, respectively. both forged wheels and bcs are considered reporting units.
in the second quarter of 2019, as a result of the decline in the forecasted financial performance and related impairment of long-lived assets of the disks asset group within engine products, the company also performed an interim impairment evaluation of goodwill for engine products. the estimated fair value of the reporting unit was substantially in excess of its carrying value; thus, there was no impairment of goodwill.
in connection with the interim impairment evaluation of long-lived assets for the disks asset group within engine products in the second quarter of 2018, which resulted from a decline in forecasted financial performance for the business in connection with its updated three-year strategic plan, the company also performed an interim impairment evaluation of goodwill for engine products. the estimated fair value of the reporting unit was substantially in excess of the carrying value; thus, there was no impairment of goodwill.
goodwill impairment tests in 2018 and 2017 indicated that goodwill was not impaired for any of the company's reporting units, except for the afe business (the afe operations were realigned and transferred to aluminum extrusions and engine products) whose estimated fair value was lower than its carrying value. as such, arconic recorded an impairment for the full amount of goodwill in the afe reporting unit of $719 in 2017. the decrease in fair value of afe was primarily due to unfavorable performance that was impacting operating margins and a higher discount rate due to an increase in the risk-free rate of return, while the carrying value increased compared to prior year.
properties, plants, and equipment and other intangible assets. properties, plants, and equipment and other intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets (asset group) may not be recoverable. recoverability of assets is determined by comparing the estimated undiscounted net cash flows of the operations related to the assets (asset group) to their carrying amount. an impairment loss would be recognized when the carrying amount of the assets (asset group) exceeds the estimated undiscounted net cash flows. the amount of the impairment loss to be recorded is measured as the excess of the carrying value of the assets (asset group) over their fair value, with fair value determined using the best information available, which generally is a dcf model. the determination of what constitutes an asset group, the associated estimated undiscounted net cash flows, and the estimated useful lives of the assets also require significant judgments.
during the second quarter of 2019, the company updated its five-year strategic plan and determined that there was a decline in the forecasted financial performance for the disks asset group within the ep&f segment. as such, the company evaluated the recoverability of the disks asset group long-lived assets by comparing the carrying value to the undiscounted cash flows of the disks asset group. the carrying value exceeded the undiscounted cash flows and therefore the disks asset group long-lived assets were deemed to be impaired. the impairment charge was measured as the amount of carrying value in excess of fair value of the long-lived assets, with fair value determined using a dcf model and a combination of sales comparison and cost approach valuation methods including an estimate for economic obsolescence. the impairment charge of $428 recorded in the second quarter of 2019 impacted properties, plants, and equipment; intangible assets; and certain other noncurrent assets by $198, $197, and $33, respectively. the impairment charge was recorded in restructuring and other charges in the statement of consolidated operations.
during the second quarter of 2018, the company updated its three-year strategic plan and determined that there was a decline in the forecasted financial performance for the disks asset group within the ep&f segment. as such, the company evaluated the recoverability of the long-lived assets by comparing their carrying value of approximately $515 to the estimated undiscounted net cash flows of the disks asset group, resulting in an estimated fair value in excess of their carrying value of approximately 13%; thus, there was no impairment.
discontinued operations and assets held for sale. the fair values of all businesses to be divested are estimated using accepted valuation techniques such as a dcf model, valuations performed by third parties, earnings multiples, or indicative bids, when available. a number of significant estimates and assumptions are involved in the application of these techniques, including the forecasting of markets and market share, sales volumes and prices, costs and expenses, and multiple other factors. management considers historical experience and all available information at the time the estimates are made; however, the fair value that is ultimately realized upon the divestiture of a business may differ from the estimated fair value reflected in the consolidated financial statements.
pension and other postretirement benefits. liabilities and expenses for pension and other postretirement benefits are determined using actuarial methodologies and incorporate significant assumptions, including the interest rate used to discount the future estimated liability, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, and several assumptions relating to the employee workforce (health care cost trend rates, retirement age, and mortality).
the interest rate used to discount future estimated liabilities is determined using a company-specific yield curve model (above-median) developed with the assistance of an external actuary. the cash flows of the plans' projected benefit obligations are discounted using a single equivalent rate derived from yields on high quality corporate bonds, which represent a broad diversification of issuers in various sectors, including finance and banking, industrials, transportation, and utilities, among others. the yield curve model parallels the plans' projected cash flows, which have an average duration of 10 years. the underlying cash flows of the bonds included in the model exceed the cash flows needed to satisfy the company's plans' obligations multiple times. in 2019, 2018, and 2017, the discount rate used to determine benefit obligations for u.s. pension and other postretirement benefit plans was 3.30%, 4.35%, and 3.75%, respectively. the impact on the liabilities of a change in the discount rate of 1/4 of 1% would be approximately $220 and either a charge or credit of approximately $1 to after-tax earnings in the following year.
the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is generally applied to a five-year market-related value of plan assets (a fair value at the plan measurement date is used for certain non-u.s. plans). the process used by management to develop this assumption is one that relies on a combination of historical asset return information and forward-looking returns by asset class. as it relates to historical asset return information, management focuses on various historical moving averages when developing this assumption. while consideration is given to recent performance and historical returns, the assumption represents a long-term, prospective return. management also incorporates expected future returns on current and planned asset allocations using information from various external investment managers and consultants, as well as management's own judgment.
for 2019, 2018, and 2017, management used 7.00%, 7.00%, and 7.75%, respectively, as its expected long-term rate of return, which was based on the prevailing and planned strategic asset allocations, as well as estimates of future returns by asset class. these rates fell within the respective range of the 20-year moving average of actual performance and the expected future return developed by asset class. for 2020, management anticipates that 7.00% will be the expected long-term rate of return. the decrease of 75 basis points in the 2018 expected long-term rate of return was due to a decrease in the expected return by asset class and the 20-year moving average. a change in the assumption for the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 1/4 of 1% would impact after-tax earnings by approximately $9 for 2020.
in 2019, a net loss of $388 (after-tax) was recorded in other comprehensive loss, primarily due to the decrease in the discount rate of 105 basis points, which was partially offset by the plan asset performance that was greater than expected, and by the amortization of actuarial losses. in 2018, a net loss of $114 (after-tax) was recorded in other comprehensive loss, primarily due to the impact of the adoption of new accounting guidance that permits a reclassification to retained earnings (accumulated deficit) for stranded tax effects resulting from the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017, as well as the plan asset performance that was less than expected, which were partially offset by the increase in the discount rate of 60 basis points and the amortization of actuarial losses. in 2017, a net loss of $220 (after-tax) was recorded in other comprehensive loss, primarily due to the decrease in the discount rate of 45 basis points and plan asset performance less than expected, which were partially offset by the amortization of actuarial losses.
stock-based compensation. arconic recognizes compensation expense for employee equity grants using the non-substantive vesting period approach, in which the expense is recognized ratably over the requisite service period based on the grant date fair value. forfeitures are accounted for as they occur. the fair value of new stock options is estimated on the date of grant using a lattice-pricing model. the fair value of performance awards containing a market condition is valued using a monte carlo valuation model. determining the fair value at the grant date requires judgment, including estimates for the average risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, volatility, and exercise behavior. these assumptions may differ significantly between grant dates because of changes in the actual results of these inputs that occur over time.
income taxes. the provision for income taxes is determined using the asset and liability approach of accounting for income taxes. under this approach, the provision for income taxes represents income taxes paid or payable (or received or receivable) for the current year plus the change in deferred taxes during the year. deferred taxes represent the future tax consequences expected to occur when the reported amounts of assets and liabilities are recovered or paid, and result from differences between the financial and tax bases of arconic's assets and liabilities and are adjusted for changes in tax rates and tax laws when enacted.
valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. in evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, management considers all potential sources of taxable income, including income available in carryback periods, future reversals of taxable temporary differences, projections of taxable income, and income from tax planning strategies, as well as all available positive and negative evidence. positive evidence includes factors such as a history of profitable operations, projections of future profitability within the carryforward period, including from tax planning strategies, and arconic's experience with similar operations. existing favorable contracts and the ability to sell products into established markets are additional positive evidence. negative evidence includes items such as cumulative losses, projections of future losses, or carryforward periods that are not long enough to allow for the utilization of a deferred tax asset based on existing projections of income. deferred tax assets for which no valuation allowance is recorded may not be realized upon changes in facts and circumstances, resulting in a future charge to establish a valuation allowance. existing valuation allowances are re-examined under the same standards of positive and negative evidence. if it is determined that it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will be realized, the appropriate amount of the valuation allowance, if any, is released. deferred tax assets and liabilities are also re-measured to reflect changes in underlying tax rates due to law changes and the granting and lapse of tax holidays.
in 2018, arconic made a final accounting policy election to apply a tax law ordering approach when considering the need for a valuation allowance on net operating losses expected to offset gilti income inclusions. under this approach, reductions in cash tax savings are not considered as part of the valuation allowance assessment. instead, future gilti inclusions are considered a source of taxable income that support the realizability of deferred tax assets.
tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return are recorded when such benefits meet a more likely than not threshold. otherwise, these tax benefits are recorded when a tax position has been effectively settled, which means that the statute of limitations has expired or the appropriate taxing authority has completed their examination even though the statute of limitations remains open. interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized as part of the provision for income taxes and are accrued beginning in the period that such interest and penalties would be applicable under relevant tax law until such time that the related tax benefits are recognized.
recently adopted accounting guidance. see the recently adopted accounting guidance section of note a to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k.
recently issued accounting guidance. see the recently issued accounting guidance section of note a to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k.