item 1a. risk factors.
the following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on form 10-k. any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business, our results of operations, our cash flows, our financial position and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this annual report on form 10-k.
we (1) may from time to time make written or oral forward-looking statements, including earnings guidance and other statements contained in filings with the sec, reports to security holders, press releases and investor webcasts. you can identify these forward-looking statements by use of words such as "strategy," "expects," "continues," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "will," "estimates," "forecasts," "intends," "projects," "goals," "objectives," "guidance," "targets" and other words of similar meaning. you can also identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts.
we cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans, estimates and assumptions. achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying estimates or assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. you should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements and whether to invest in or remain invested in altria's securities. in connection with the "safe harbor" provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, we are identifying important factors that, individually or in the aggregate, could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those contained in, or implied by, any forward-looking statements made by us; any such statement is qualified by reference to the following cautionary statements. we elaborate on these and other risks we face throughout this annual report on form 10-k particularly in the "business environment" sections preceding our discussion of the operating results of our subsidiaries' businesses below in item 7. you should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all risk factors. consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. we do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that we may make from time to time except as required by applicable law.
(1) this section uses the terms "we," "our" and "us" when it is not necessary to distinguish among altria and its various operating subsidiaries or when any distinction is clear from the context.
unfavorable litigation outcomes could materially adversely affect the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria or the businesses of one or more of its subsidiaries or investees.
legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters are pending or threatened in various united states and foreign jurisdictions against altria and its subsidiaries, including pm usa and usstc, as well as their respective indemnitees and altria's investees. various types of claims may be raised in these proceedings, including product liability, unfair trade practices, antitrust, tax, contraband-related claims, patent infringement, employment matters, claims for contribution and claims of competitors, shareholders and distributors.
litigation is subject to uncertainty and it is possible that there could be adverse developments in pending or future cases. an unfavorable outcome or settlement of pending tobacco-related or other litigation could encourage the commencement of additional litigation. damages claimed in some tobacco-related or other litigation are significant and, in certain cases, have ranged in the billions of dollars. the variability in pleadings in multiple jurisdictions, together with the actual experience of management in litigating claims, demonstrate that the monetary relief that may be specified in a lawsuit bears little relevance to the ultimate outcome.
in certain cases, plaintiffs claim that defendants' liability is joint and several. in such cases, altria or its subsidiaries may face the risk that one or more co-defendants decline or otherwise fail to participate in the bonding required for an appeal or to pay their proportionate or jury-allocated share of a judgment.  as a result, altria or its subsidiaries under certain circumstances may have to pay more than their proportionate share of any bonding- or judgment-related amounts. furthermore, in those cases where plaintiffs are successful, altria or its subsidiaries may also be required to pay interest and attorneys' fees.
although pm usa has historically been able to obtain required bonds or relief from bonding requirements in order to prevent plaintiffs from seeking to collect judgments while adverse verdicts have been appealed, there remains a risk that such relief may not be obtainable in all cases. this risk has been substantially reduced given that 47 states and puerto rico now limit the dollar amount of bonds or require no bond at all. as discussed in note 19. contingencies to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 ("note 19"), tobacco litigation plaintiffs have challenged the constitutionality of florida's bond cap statute in several cases and plaintiffs may challenge state bond cap statutes in other jurisdictions as well. such challenges may include the applicability of state bond caps in federal court. although we cannot predict the outcome of such challenges, it is possible that the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria, or the businesses of one or more of its subsidiaries or investees, could be materially adversely affected in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year by an unfavorable outcome of one or more such challenges.
in certain litigation, altria, its subsidiaries and its investees may face potentially significant non-monetary remedies. for example, in the lawsuit brought by the united states department of justice, discussed in detail in note 19, the district court did not impose monetary penalties but ordered significant non-monetary remedies, including the issuance of "corrective statements."
additionally, the on! transaction, discussed in note 1. background and basis of presentation to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 ("note 1"), is the subject of pending arbitration. an unfavorable decision could adversely affect helix's ability to compete effectively with oral nicotine pouches.
in 2019, we determined that our investment in juul was impaired in part due to the increase in the number and type of legal cases pending against juul, especially in the fourth quarter of 2019. this impairment and the risks associated with our juul investment are discussed further in the expected benefits of the juul transaction may not materialize in the expected manner or timeframe or at all.
altria and its subsidiaries have achieved substantial success in managing litigation. nevertheless, litigation is subject to uncertainty, and significant challenges remain.
it is possible that the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria, or the businesses of one or more of its subsidiaries or investees, could be materially adversely affected in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year by an unfavorable outcome or settlement of certain pending litigation. altria and each of its subsidiaries named as a defendant believe, and each has been so advised by counsel handling the respective cases, that it has valid defenses to the litigation pending against it, as well as valid bases for appeal of adverse verdicts. each of the companies has defended, and will continue to defend, vigorously against litigation challenges. however, altria and its subsidiaries may enter into settlement discussions in particular cases if they believe it is in the best interests of altria to do so. see item 3. legal proceedings of this annual report on form 10-k ("item 3"), note 19 and exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 to this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion of pending tobacco-related litigation.
significant federal, state and local governmental actions, including actions by the fda, and various private sector actions may continue to have an adverse impact on us and our tobacco subsidiaries' or our investees' businesses and sales volumes.
as described in tobacco space - business environment in item 7, our cigarette subsidiaries face significant governmental and private sector actions, including efforts aimed at reducing the incidence of tobacco use and efforts seeking to hold these subsidiaries responsible for the adverse health effects associated with both smoking and exposure to environmental tobacco smoke. these actions, combined with the diminishing social acceptance of smoking, have resulted in reduced cigarette industry volume, and we expect that these factors will continue to reduce cigarette consumption levels.
more broadly, actions by the fda and other federal, state or local governments or agencies, including those specific actions described in tobacco space - business environment in item 7, may impact the adult tobacco consumer acceptability of or access to tobacco products
(for example, through product standards that may be proposed by the fda for nicotine and flavors), limit adult tobacco consumer choices, delay or prevent the launch of new or modified tobacco products or products with claims of reduced risk, require the recall or other removal of tobacco products from the marketplace (for example as a result of product contamination, rulemaking that bans menthol or other flavors, a determination by the fda that one or more tobacco products do not satisfy the statutory requirements for substantial equivalence, because the fda requires that a currently marketed tobacco product proceed through the pre-market review process or because the fda otherwise determines that removal is necessary for the protection of public health), restrict communications to adult tobacco consumers, restrict the ability to differentiate tobacco products, create a competitive advantage or disadvantage for certain tobacco companies, impose additional manufacturing, labeling or packing requirements, interrupt manufacturing or otherwise significantly increase the cost of doing business, or restrict or prevent the use of specified tobacco products in certain locations or the sale of tobacco products by certain retail establishments. any one or more of these actions may have a material adverse impact on the business, consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria and its tobacco subsidiaries, including adversely affecting altria's investment in juul. see tobacco space - business environment in item 7 for a more detailed discussion.
tobacco products are subject to substantial excise taxes, and significant increases in tobacco product-related taxes or fees have been proposed or enacted and are likely to continue to be proposed or enacted within the united states at the federal, state and local levels. tax increases are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on sales of the tobacco products of our tobacco subsidiaries through lower consumption levels and the potential shift in adult consumer purchases from the premium to the non-premium or discount segments or to other low-priced or low-taxed tobacco products or to counterfeit and contraband products. such shifts may have an adverse impact on the reported share performance of tobacco products of altria's tobacco subsidiaries. for further discussion, see tobacco space - business environment - excise taxes in item 7.
our tobacco businesses face significant competition (including across categories) and their failure to compete effectively could have an adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations or cash flows of altria, or the business of altria's tobacco subsidiaries.
each of altria's tobacco subsidiaries operates in highly competitive tobacco categories. this competition also exists across categories as adult tobacco consumer preferences evolve. significant methods of competition include product quality, taste, price, product innovation, marketing, packaging, distribution and promotional activities. this highly competitive environment could negatively impact the profitability, market share and shipment volume of our tobacco subsidiaries, which could have an adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations or cash flows of altria. see tobacco space - business environment - summary in item 7 for additional discussion concerning evolving adult tobacco consumer preferences, including e-vapor products. growth of the e-vapor product category and other innovative tobacco products has further contributed to reductions in cigarette consumption levels and cigarette industry sales volume and has adversely affected the growth rates of other tobacco products. continued growth in these categories could have a material adverse impact on the business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria and its tobacco subsidiaries.
pm usa also faces competition from lower-priced brands sold by certain united states and foreign manufacturers that have cost advantages because they are not parties to settlements of certain tobacco litigation in the united states. these settlements, among other factors, resulted in substantial cigarette price increases. these manufacturers may fail to comply with related state escrow legislation or may avoid escrow deposit obligations on the majority of their sales by concentrating on certain states where escrow deposits are not required or are required on fewer than all such manufacturers' cigarettes sold in such states. additional competition has resulted from diversion into the united states market of cigarettes intended for sale outside the united states, the sale of counterfeit cigarettes by third parties, the sale of cigarettes by third parties over the internet and by other means designed to avoid collection of applicable taxes, and imports of foreign lower-priced brands. usstc faces significant competition in the smokeless tobacco category and has experienced consumer down-trading to lower-priced brands.
altria and its subsidiaries may be unsuccessful in anticipating changes in adult consumer preferences, responding to changes in consumer purchase behavior or managing through difficult competitive and economic conditions, which could have an adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations and cash flows of altria or the business of altria's tobacco and wine subsidiaries.
each of our tobacco and wine subsidiaries is subject to intense competition and changes in adult consumer preferences. to be successful, they must continue to:
▪   promote brand equity successfully;
▪   anticipate and respond to new and evolving adult consumer preferences;
▪   develop, manufacture, market and distribute new and innovative products that appeal to adult consumers (including, where appropriate, through arrangements with, or investments in, third parties);
▪   improve productivity; and
see tobacco space - business environment - summary in item 7 and the immediately preceding risk factor for additional discussion concerning evolving adult tobacco consumer preferences, specifically the growth of e-vapor and other innovative tobacco products and the effects on our tobacco operating companies.
see wine segment - business environment - summary in item 7 for additional discussion concerning evolving adult alcohol consumer preferences; specifically the slowing of the premium wine category and the effects on our wine subsidiaries.
the willingness of adult consumers to purchase premium consumer product brands depends in part on economic conditions. in periods of economic uncertainty, adult consumers may purchase more discount brands and/or, in the case of tobacco products, consider lower-priced tobacco products, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria and its subsidiaries. while our tobacco and wine subsidiaries work to broaden their brand portfolios to compete effectively with lower-priced products, the failure to do so could negatively impact our companies' ability to compete in these circumstances.
our financial services business (conducted through pmcc) holds investments in finance leases, principally in transportation (including aircraft), power generation, real estate and manufacturing equipment. its lessees are subject to significant competition and uncertain economic conditions. if parties to pmcc's leases fail to manage through difficult economic and competitive conditions, pmcc may have to increase its allowance for losses, which would adversely affect our earnings.
altria's tobacco subsidiaries and investees may be unsuccessful in developing and commercializing adjacent products or processes, including innovative tobacco products that may reduce the health risks associated with current tobacco products and that appeal to adult tobacco consumers, which may have an adverse effect on their ability to grow new revenue streams and/or put them at a competitive disadvantage.
altria and its subsidiaries have growth strategies involving moves and potential moves into adjacent products or processes, including innovative tobacco products. some innovative tobacco products may reduce the health risks associated with current tobacco products, while continuing to offer adult tobacco consumers (within and outside the united states) products that meet their taste expectations and evolving preferences. examples include tobacco-containing and nicotine-containing products that reduce or eliminate exposure to cigarette smoke and/or constituents identified by public health authorities as harmful, such as electronically heated tobacco products, oral nicotine pouches such as helix's on! products, and e-vapor products. in addition to internal product development, these efforts include arrangements with, or investments in, third parties such as our exclusive arrangement with pmi to sell iqos and related heatstick products in the united states, which is dependent upon our continued ability to license these products from pmi, and our minority investment in juul. our minority investment in juul subjects us to non-competition obligations restricting us from investing or engaging in the e-vapor business other than through juul, subject to certain exceptions. our tobacco subsidiaries and investees may not succeed in their efforts to develop and commercialize these adjacent products, which would have an adverse effect on the ability to grow new revenue streams.
further, we cannot predict whether regulators, including the fda, will permit the marketing or sale of innovative products (including products with claims of reduced risk to adult consumers), the speed with which they may make such determinations or whether regulators will impose an unduly burdensome regulatory framework on such products. see tobacco space - business environment - fsptca and fda regulation in item 7 for further discussion. nor can we predict whether these products will appeal to adult tobacco consumers or whether adult tobacco consumers' purchasing decisions would be affected by reduced-risk claims on such products if permitted. adverse developments on any of these matters could negatively impact the commercial viability of such products.
if our tobacco subsidiaries or investees do not succeed in their efforts to develop and commercialize innovative tobacco products or to obtain regulatory approval for the marketing or sale of products, including with claims of reduced risk, but one or more of their competitors does succeed, our tobacco subsidiaries or investees may be at a competitive disadvantage, which could have an adverse effect on their financial performance.
significant changes in price, availability or quality of tobacco, other raw materials or component parts could have an adverse effect on the profitability and business of altria's tobacco subsidiaries.
any significant change in prices, quality or availability of tobacco, other raw materials or component parts could adversely affect our tobacco subsidiaries' profitability and business. for further discussion, see tobacco space - business environment - price, availability and quality of tobacco, other raw materials and component parts in item 7.
because altria's tobacco subsidiaries rely on a few significant facilities and a small number of key suppliers, an extended disruption at a facility or in service by a supplier could have a material adverse effect on the business, the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria and its tobacco subsidiaries.
altria's tobacco subsidiaries face risks inherent in reliance on a few significant facilities and a small number of key suppliers. for example, the richmond, virginia manufacturing facility is the primary facility for manufacturing all pm usa cigarettes and some of our other tobacco products. a natural or man-made disaster or other disruption that affects the manufacturing operations of any of altria's tobacco subsidiaries, the operations of any key supplier of any of altria's tobacco subsidiaries or any other disruption in the supply of goods or services from a key supplier (including a key supplier's inability to comply with government regulations or unwillingness to supply goods or services to a tobacco company) could adversely impact the operations of the affected subsidiaries. an extended disruption in operations experienced by one or more of altria's subsidiaries or in the supply of goods or services by a key supplier could have a material adverse effect on the business, the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria and its tobacco subsidiaries.
altria's subsidiaries could decide or be required to recall products, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria and its subsidiaries.
in addition to a recall required by the fda, as referenced above, our subsidiaries could decide, or other laws or regulations could require them, to recall products due to the failure to meet quality standards or specifications, suspected or confirmed and deliberate or unintentional product contamination, or other adulteration, product misbranding or product tampering. product recalls could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria and its subsidiaries.
the failure of altria's information systems or service providers' information systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria and its subsidiaries.
altria and its subsidiaries rely extensively on information systems, many of which are managed by third-party service providers (such as cloud providers), to support a variety of business processes and activities, including: complying with regulatory, legal, financial reporting and tax requirements; engaging in marketing and e-commerce activities; managing and improving the effectiveness of our operations; manufacturing and distributing our products; collecting and storing sensitive data and confidential information; and communicating internally and externally with employees, investors, suppliers, trade customers, adult consumers and others. we continue to make investments in administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect our information systems and data from cyber-threats, including human error and malicious acts. our safeguards include employee training, testing and auditing protocols, backup systems and business continuity plans, maintenance of security policies and procedures, monitoring of networks and systems, and third-party risk management.
to date, interruptions of our information systems have been infrequent and have not had a material impact on our operations. however, because technology is increasingly complex and cyber-attacks are increasingly sophisticated and more frequent, there can be no assurance that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect on us in the future. failure of our systems or service providers' systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could result in loss of revenue, assets, personal data, intellectual property, trade secrets or other sensitive and confidential data, violation of applicable privacy and data security laws, damage to the reputation of our companies and their brands, operational disruptions, legal challenges and significant remediation and other costs to altria and its subsidiaries.
unfavorable outcomes of any governmental investigations could materially affect the businesses of altria and its subsidiaries or its investees.
from time to time, altria, its subsidiaries and its investees are subject to governmental investigations on a range of matters. for further discussion, see tobacco space - business environment - other international, federal, state and local regulation and governmental and private activity in item 7. we cannot predict the outcome of any such investigation, and it is possible that our business or the businesses of our investees could be materially adversely affected by an unfavorable outcome of a future investigation.
a challenge to our tax positions could adversely affect our tax rate, earnings or cash flow.
tax laws and regulations, such as the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax reform act"), are complex and subject to varying interpretations. a successful challenge to one or more of altria's tax positions could give rise to additional liabilities, including interest and potential penalties, as well as adversely affect our tax rate, earnings or cash flows.
international business operations subject altria and its subsidiaries to various united states and foreign laws and regulations, and violations of such laws or regulations could result in reputational harm, legal challenges and/or significant costs.
while altria and its subsidiaries are primarily engaged in business activities in the united states, they do engage (directly or indirectly) in certain international business activities that are subject to various united states and foreign laws and regulations, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and other laws prohibiting bribery and corruption.  although we have a code of conduct and a compliance system designed to prevent and detect violations of applicable law, no system can provide assurance that it will always protect against improper actions by employees, investees or third parties. violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could result in reputational harm, legal challenges and/or significant costs.
altria may be unable to attract and retain the best talent due to the impact of decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage and tobacco control actions.
our ability to implement our strategy of attracting and retaining the best talent may be impaired by the impact of decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage and tobacco regulation and control actions. the tobacco industry competes for talent with the consumer products industry and other companies that enjoy greater societal acceptance.  as a result, we may be unable to attract and retain the best talent.
acquisitions or other events may adversely affect altria's credit rating, and altria may not achieve its anticipated strategic or financial objectives of a transaction.
from time to time, altria considers acquisitions, investments or dispositions and may engage in confidential negotiations that are not publicly announced unless and until those negotiations result in a definitive agreement. although we seek to maintain or improve our credit ratings over time, it is possible that completing a given acquisition, investment, disposition or the occurrence of other events could negatively impact our credit ratings or the outlook for those ratings as occurred following our investment in juul (although we continue to maintain investment grade ratings). any such change in ratings or outlook may negatively affect the amount of credit available to us and also may increase our costs and adversely affect our earnings or our dividend rate. furthermore, acquisition opportunities are limited, and acquisitions present risks of failing to achieve efficient and effective integration, strategic objectives and anticipated revenue improvements and cost savings. there can be no assurance that we will be able to acquire attractive businesses on favorable terms or that we will realize any of the anticipated benefits from an acquisition or an investment. additionally, there can be no assurance that we will be able to dispose of our businesses or investments on favorable terms, which may result in a loss in altria's consolidated statements of earnings.
disruption and uncertainty in the credit and capital markets could adversely affect altria's access to these markets, earnings and dividend rate.
access to the credit and capital markets is important for us to satisfy our liquidity and financing needs. disruption and uncertainty in these markets and any resulting adverse impact on credit availability, pricing, credit terms or credit rating may negatively affect the amount of credit available to us and may also increase our costs and adversely affect our earnings or our dividend rate.
altria may be required to write down intangible assets, including goodwill, due to impairment, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.
we periodically calculate the fair value of our reporting units and intangible assets to test for impairment. this calculation may be affected by several factors, including general economic conditions, regulatory developments, changes in category growth rates as a result of changing adult consumer preferences, success of planned new product introductions, competitive activity and tobacco-related taxes. certain events also can trigger an immediate review of intangible assets. if an impairment is determined to exist in either situation, we will incur impairment losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. in the fourth quarter of 2018, altria incurred $209 million in goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges related to altria's decision to refocus its innovative product efforts and the impairment of the columbia crest trademark. in the fourth quarter of 2019, in the wine segment, altria determined that the goodwill of $74 million was fully impaired as the wine reporting unit was impacted by a slowing growth rate in the premium wine category and higher inventory levels. (see note 4. goodwill and other intangible assets, net to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 ("note 4") for further discussion).
competition, changes in adult consumer preferences, unfavorable changes in grape supply and new governmental regulations or revisions to existing governmental regulations could adversely affect ste. michelle's wine business.
ste. michelle's business is subject to significant competition, including from many large, well-established domestic and international companies. ste. michelle's business also is impacted by evolving adult consumer preferences. shifts away from the wine category to other alcohol categories or shifts to lower-priced wines have resulted, and could continue to result, in slowing growth in ste. michelle's sales and higher inventory levels and have an adverse effect on ste. michelle's wine business. the adequacy of ste. michelle's grape supply is influenced by consumer demand for wine in relation to industry-wide production levels as well as by weather and crop conditions, particularly in eastern washington. supply shortages or surpluses related to any one or more of these factors could impact production costs and wine prices, which ultimately may have a negative impact on ste. michelle's sales. in addition, federal, state and local governmental agencies regulate the alcohol beverage industry through various means, including licensing requirements, pricing, labeling and advertising restrictions, and distribution and production policies. new regulations or revisions to existing regulations, resulting in further restrictions or taxes on the manufacture and sale of alcoholic beverages may have an adverse effect on ste. michelle's wine business. for further discussion, see wine segment - business environment in item 7.
antitrust clearance required for the conversion of our non-voting juul shares into voting shares may not be obtained in a timely manner or at all.
antitrust clearance required for the conversion of the non-voting juul shares held by us into voting shares may not be obtained in a timely manner or at all, and such clearance may be subject to unanticipated conditions. the federal trade commission ("ftc") may challenge the investment through litigation or administrative proceedings, potentially seeking a range of resolutions, such as modifications to the investment structure or economic terms, up to divestiture of the investment. in april 2019, altria and juul received a request for additional information (commonly referred to as a "second request") from the ftc as part of the antitrust review process. a second request extends the waiting period under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976, as amended (the "hsr act"), while the ftc conducts its review, until 30 days after the parties have substantially complied with the second request or as otherwise agreed to by the parties. as of october 30, 2019, altria and juul certified substantial compliance with the second request. based on the timing agreement among altria, juul and the ftc staff and related extensions for the convenience of the parties, altria believes the ftc will complete its review in the first half of 2020. while conducting its review, on october 1, 2019, the ftc issued a civil investigative demand to altria seeking information regarding, among other things, altria's role in the resignation of juul's former chief executive officer and the hiring by juul of any current or former altria director, executive or employee.
unless and until antitrust clearance is obtained, including expiration or termination of the waiting period under the hsr act, our juul shares will not have voting rights and we will not be entitled to certain other rights, including the right to appoint any directors to the juul board of directors. accordingly, failure to obtain antitrust clearance, including a successful litigation challenge by the ftc to the investment, would adversely affect us, including by substantially limiting our rights with respect to our investment in juul.
the expected benefits of the juul transaction may not materialize in the expected manner or timeframe or at all.
regardless of whether antitrust clearance is obtained, the expected benefits of the juul transaction may not materialize in the expected manner or timeframe or at all, including due to the risks encountered by juul in its business, such as operational risks and regulatory risks at the international, federal, state and local levels, including actions by the fda, and adverse publicity due to underage use of e-vapor products and other factors; unanticipated impacts on juul's relationships with employees, customers, suppliers and other third parties; potential disruptions to juul's management or current or future plans and operations; or domestic or international litigation developments, investigations, or otherwise. as discussed in note 19, juul and altria and/or its subsidiaries, including pm usa, are named as defendants in various individual and class action lawsuits. juul also is named in a significant number of additional individual and class action lawsuits to which neither altria nor its subsidiaries is a party. see tobacco space - business environment in item 7 for a discussion of certain fda-related regulatory risks applicable to the e-vapor category, including the potential removal of certain e-vapor products from the market as a result of fda enforcement action and the potential denial of new tobacco product applications for e-vapor products. failure to realize the expected benefits of our juul investment could adversely affect the value of the investment.
as discussed in note 7, in 2019, as part of the preparation of our financial statements for the periods ended september 30, 2019 and december 31, 2019, we performed valuations of our investment in juul. as a result, we determined that our investment in juul was impaired and recorded a total pre-tax impairment charge of $8.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, reported as impairment of juul equity securities in our consolidated statements of earnings. of this amount, altria recorded pre-tax charges of $4.5 billion in the third quarter of 2019 and $4.1 billion in the fourth quarter of 2019. the third quarter impairment charge was due primarily to lower e-vapor sales volume assumptions in the u.s. and international markets and a delay in achieving operating margin performance, as compared to the assumptions at the time of the juul transaction. the fourth quarter impairment charge resulted substantially from increased discount rates applied to future cash flow projections, due to the increase in the number and type of legal cases pending against juul during the fourth quarter of 2019. while we believe the december 31, 2019 valuation of $4.2 billion is the appropriate current fair value of our investment, the risks identified in this paragraph, some of which are also further discussed in note 19 and in item 7. tobacco space - business environment, are ongoing with respect to the current fair value. if the fair value of our investment in juul continues to decrease, it could have a material adverse effect on altria's consolidated financial position or earnings.
our investment in juul includes non-competition, standstill and transfer restrictions that prevent us from gaining control of juul. furthermore, if we elect not to extend our non-competition obligations beyond december 20, 2024, we would lose certain of our governance, consent, preemptive and other rights with respect to our investment in juul.
the shares of juul we hold generally cannot be sold or otherwise transferred until december 20, 2024, subject to limited exceptions. we also generally agreed not to compete with juul in the e-vapor category until at least december 20, 2024, which may be extended at our election. if, however, juul is prohibited by federal law from selling e-vapor products in the u.s. for at least one year or if altria's carrying value of the juul investment is not more than 10% of its initial carrying value of $12.8 billion, we may compete with juul in the e-vapor category prior to december 20, 2024. in addition, following receipt of antitrust clearance, juul's board of directors will include nine members, three of whom will be designated by altria, including one independent designee. juul's strategy and its material decisions are not and will not be controlled by us, and the terms of our agreements with juul mean that we are required to bear the risks associated with our investment in juul until at least december 20, 2024, subject to the exceptions mentioned above. further, if we elect not to extend our non-competition obligations beyond that date, we would lose some or all of our board designation rights, preemptive rights, consent rights and other rights with respect to our investment in juul. loss of these rights could adversely affect us by impairing our ability to influence juul.
altria's reported earnings from and carrying value of its equity investment in abi and the dividends paid by abi on shares owned by altria may be adversely affected by various factors, including foreign currency exchange rates and abi's business results and stock price.
for purposes of financial reporting, the earnings from and carrying value of our equity investment in abi are translated into u.s. dollars ("usd") from various local currencies. in addition, abi pays dividends in euros, which we convert into usd. during times of a strengthening usd against these currencies, our reported earnings from and carrying value of our equity investment in abi will be reduced because these currencies will translate into fewer usd and the dividends that we receive from abi will convert into fewer usd.
dividends and earnings from and carrying value of our equity investment in abi are also subject to the risks encountered by abi in its business. for example, in october 2018, abi announced a 50% rebase in the dividends it pays to its shareholders, which has resulted in a reduction of cash dividends altria receives from abi. in addition, if the carrying value of our investment in abi exceeds its fair value and the loss in value is other than temporary, the investment is considered impaired, which would result in impairment losses and could have a material adverse effect on altria's consolidated financial position or earnings. we cannot provide any assurance that abi will successfully execute its business plans and strategies. earnings from and carrying value of our equity investment in abi are also subject to fluctuations in abi's stock price, for example through mark-to-market losses on abi's derivative financial instruments used to hedge certain share commitments.
we received a substantial portion of our consideration from the abi transaction in the form of restricted shares subject to a five-year lock-up. furthermore, if our percentage ownership in abi were to decrease below certain levels, we may be subject to additional tax liabilities, suffer a reduction in the number of directors that we can have appointed to the abi board of directors and be unable to account for our investment under the equity method of accounting.
upon completion of the abi transaction, we received a substantial portion of our consideration in the form of restricted shares that cannot be sold or transferred for a period of five years following the abi transaction, subject to limited exceptions. these transfer restrictions will require us to bear the risks associated with our investment in abi for a five-year period that expires on october 10, 2021. further, in the event that our ownership percentage in abi were to decrease below certain levels, we may be subject to additional tax liabilities, the number of directors that we have the right to have appointed to the abi board of directors could be reduced from two to one or zero and our use of the equity method of accounting for our investment in abi could be challenged.
the tax treatment of the consideration altria received in the abi transaction may be challenged and the tax treatment of the abi investment may not be as favorable as altria anticipates.
while we expect the equity consideration that we received from the abi transaction to qualify for tax-deferred treatment, we cannot provide any assurance that federal and state tax authorities will not challenge the expected tax treatment and, if they do, what the outcome of any such challenge will be. in addition, there is a risk that the tax treatment of our investment in abi may not be as favorable as we anticipate.
the expected benefits of the cronos transaction may not materialize in the expected manner or timeframe or at all.
in march 2019, we acquired common shares representing a 45% equity interest in cronos, a warrant to acquire common shares representing an additional 10% equity interest in cronos and anti-dilution protections to purchase cronos shares to maintain our ownership percentage. there can be no assurance that we will realize the expected benefits of the cronos transaction, including due to the risks encountered by cronos in its business, such as operational risks and legal and regulatory risks; unanticipated impacts on cronos's relationships with third parties, its management, or its current or future plans and operations due to the cronos transaction or other factors; or domestic or international litigation developments, tax disputes, investigations, or otherwise. further, a failure by cronos or altria to comply with applicable laws, including cannabis laws, could result in criminal, civil or tax liability for altria. if the carrying value of our investment in cronos exceeds its fair value and the loss in value is other than temporary, the investment is considered impaired, which would result in impairment losses and could have a material adverse effect on altria's consolidated financial position or earnings.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this annual report on form 10-k, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in item 8, and the discussion of risk factors that may affect future results in item 1a.
description of the company for a description of altria, see item 1. business, and background in note 1.
altria's reportable segments are smokeable products, smokeless products and wine. the financial services and the innovative tobacco products businesses are included in an all other category due to the continued reduction of the lease portfolio of pmcc and the relative financial contribution of altria's innovative tobacco products businesses to altria's consolidated results.
effective with the first quarter of 2020, altria's smokeless products segment will be renamed as the oral tobacco products segment. altria's oral tobacco products segment will include financial results, volume and retail share performance from usstc's core mst and snus businesses and helix's on! oral nicotine pouches. prior period volume and retail share data will be updated to reflect these changes.
executive summary consolidated results of operations the changes in altria's net earnings (losses) and diluted eps attributable to altria for the year ended december 31, 2019, from the year ended december 31, 2018, were due primarily to the following:
(in millions, except per share data)      net earnings             diluted eps for the year ended december 31, 2018            $6,963                   $3.68
2018 npm adjustment items              (109   )               (0.06   )
2018 asset impairment, exit, implementation and acquisition-related costs               432                    0.23
2018 tobacco and health litigation items                98                    0.05
2018 abi-related special items               (68   )               (0.03   )
2018 (gain) loss on abi/sabmiller business combination                26                    0.01
2018 tax items               197                    0.11
subtotal 2018 special items               576                    0.31
2019 asset impairment, exit, implementation and acquisition-related costs              (269   )               (0.15   )
2019 tobacco and health litigation items               (58   )               (0.03   )
2019 impairment of juul equity securities            (8,600   )               (4.60   )
2019 abi-related special items               280                    0.15
2019 cronos-related special items              (640   )               (0.34   )
2019 tax items                99                    0.05
subtotal 2019 special items            (9,188   )               (4.92   )
change in tax rate               (65   )               (0.03   )
for the year ended december 31, 2019           $(1,293   )              $(0.70   )
see the discussion of events affecting the comparability of statement of earnings (losses) amounts in the consolidated operating results section of the following discussion and analysis.
▪   fewer shares outstanding: fewer shares outstanding during 2019 compared with 2018 were due primarily to shares repurchased by altria under its share repurchase programs.
▪   change in tax rate: the change in tax rate was driven primarily by lower dividends from abi.
▪   lower spending as a result of altria's decision in 2018 to refocus its innovative product efforts; and
▪   higher earnings from altria's equity investment in abi;
partially offset by higher interest and other debt expense, net, due to debt incurred in connection with the cronos and juul transactions.
for further details, see the consolidated operating results and operating results by business segment sections of the following discussion and analysis.
2020 forecasted results altria forecasts that its 2020 full-year adjusted diluted eps growth rate is expected to be in the range of 4% to 7% over its 2019 full-year adjusted diluted eps base of $4.22, as shown in the table below. altria's 2020 guidance reflects increased investments related to pm usa's commercialization efforts for iqos, helix's plans to manufacture and expand u.s. distribution of on! and one extra shipping day in the first quarter of 2020.
this forecasted growth rate excludes estimated per share charges in 2020 of $0.05 for tax expense, representing a partial reversal of the tax basis benefit recorded in 2017 attributable to the deemed repatriation tax related to altria's investment in abi. for further discussion, see note 15.
altria expects its 2020 full-year adjusted effective tax rate will be in a range of 23.5% to 24.5%.
asset impairment, exit, implementation and acquisition-related costs                                      0.15
tobacco and health litigation items                                                                       0.03
impairment of juul equity securities                                                                      4.60
abi-related special items                                                                                (0.15                    )
cronos-related special items                                                                              0.34
tax items                                                                                                (0.05                    )