item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider each of the following risks and all the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k in evaluating us and our common stock. some of these risks relate principally to our business and the industry in which we operate, while others relate to the ownership of our common stock.
our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by these risks, and, as a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline.
our operating results, cash flows, future rate of growth, the carrying value of our assets and our ability to execute share repurchases and continue the payment of our base dividend are highly dependent on the margins we realize on our refined products. historically, refining and marketing margins have been volatile, and we believe they will continue to be volatile. our margins from the sale of gasoline and other refined products are influenced by a number of conditions, including the price of crude oil. the price of crude oil and the price at which we can sell our refined products may fluctuate independently due to a variety of regional and global market factors that are beyond our control, including:
•   transportation infrastructure availability, local market conditions and operation levels of other refineries in our markets;
•   natural gas and electricity supply costs incurred by refineries;
•   political instability, threatened or actual terrorist incidents, armed conflict or other global political conditions;
•   local weather conditions;
•   seasonality of demand in our marketing areas due to increased highway traffic in the spring and summer months;
•   local, regional, national and worldwide economic conditions.
some of these factors can vary by region and may change quickly, adding to market volatility, while others may have longer-term effects. the longer-term effects of these and other factors on refining and marketing margins are uncertain. we purchase our crude oil and other refinery feedstocks weeks before we refine them and sell the refined products. price level changes during the period between purchasing feedstocks and selling the refined products from these feedstocks can have a significant effect on our financial results. we also purchase refined products manufactured by others for resale to our customers. price changes during the periods between purchasing and reselling those refined products can have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
lower refining and marketing margins may lead us to reduce the amount of refined products we produce, which may reduce our revenues, income from operations and cash flows. significant reductions in refining and marketing margins could require us to reduce our capital expenditures, impair the carrying value of our assets (such as property, plant and equipment, inventory or goodwill), and decrease or eliminate our share repurchase activity and our base dividend.
legal, technological, political and scientific developments regarding emissions and fuel efficiency may decrease demand for transportation fuels.
developments aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions may decrease the demand or increase the cost for our transportation fuels. attitudes toward these products and their relationship to the environment may significantly affect our effectiveness in marketing our products. government efforts to steer the public toward non-petroleum-based fuel dependent modes of transportation may foster a negative perception toward transportation fuels or increase costs for our products, thus affecting the public's attitude toward our major product. advanced technology and increased use of vehicles that do not use petroleum-based transportation fuels or that are powered by hybrid engines would reduce demand for motor fuel. we may also incur increased costs for our products, which we may not be able to pass along to our customers. these developments could potentially have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses. failure to manage risks associated with business interruptions could adversely impact our operations, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases or other incidents involving our assets or operations may result in serious personal injury or loss of human life, significant damage to property and equipment, environmental pollution, impairment of operations and substantial losses to us. damages resulting from an incident involving any of our assets or operations may result in our being named as a defendant in one or more lawsuits asserting potentially substantial claims or in our being assessed potentially substantial fines by governmental authorities.
in addition, we operate in and adjacent to environmentally sensitive waters where tanker, pipeline, rail car and refined product transportation and storage operations are closely regulated by federal, state and local agencies and monitored by environmental interest groups. certain of our refineries receive crude oil and other feedstocks by tanker or barge. transportation and storage of crude oil, other feedstocks and refined products over and adjacent to water involves inherent risk and subjects us to the provisions of the opa-90 and state laws in u.s. coastal and great lakes states and states bordering inland waterways on which we operate, as well as international laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate. if we are unable to promptly and adequately contain any accident or discharge involving tankers, pipelines, rail cars or above ground storage tanks transporting or storing crude oil, other feedstocks or refined products, we may be subject to substantial liability. in addition, the service providers we have contracted to aid us in a discharge response may be unavailable due to weather conditions, governmental regulations or other local or global events. international, federal or state rulings could divert our response resources to other global events.
we do not insure against all potential losses, and, therefore, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by unexpected liabilities and increased costs.
we maintain insurance coverage in amounts we believe to be prudent against many, but not all, potential liabilities arising from operating hazards. uninsured liabilities arising from operating hazards, including explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases, cybersecurity breaches or other incidents involving our assets or operations, could reduce the funds available to us for capital and investment spending and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. marine vessel charter agreements may not provide complete indemnity for oil spills, and any marine charterer's liability insurance we carry may not cover all losses. historically, we also have maintained insurance coverage for physical damage and resulting business interruption to our major facilities, with significant self-insured retentions. in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance of the types and amounts we desire at reasonable rates.
we rely on the performance of our information technology systems, and the interruption or failure of any information technology system, including an interruption or failure due to a cybersecurity breach, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are heavily dependent on our information technology systems, including our network infrastructure and cloud applications, for the safe and effective operation of our business. we rely on such systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, including financial records and personally identifiable information such as employee, customer, investor and payroll data, and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including our supply chain, pipeline operations, gathering and processing operations, retail sales, credit card payments and authorizations at our retail outlets, financial transactions, banking and numerous other processes and transactions. our systems and infrastructure are subject to damage or interruption from a number of potential sources including natural disasters, malware, power failures, cyber-attacks and other events. we also face various other cybersecurity threats from criminal hackers, state-sponsored intrusion, industrial espionage and employee malfeasance, including threats to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information or to render data or systems unusable. certain vendors have access to sensitive information, including personally identifiable customer, investor and employee data and a breakdown of their technology systems or infrastructure as a result of a cyber-attack or otherwise could result in unauthorized disclosure of such information.
our cybersecurity protections, infrastructure protection technologies, disaster recovery plans and employee training may not be sufficient to defend us against all unauthorized attempts to access our information. we have been and may in the future be subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to our computer network and systems. to date, the impacts of prior events have not had a material adverse effect on us.
any cybersecurity incident could result in theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of confidential financial and other data, intellectual property, customer awards or loyalty points; give rise to remediation or other expenses; expose us to liability under federal and state laws; reduce our customers' willingness to do business with us; disrupt the services we provide to customers; and subject us to litigation and legal liability under federal and state laws. any of such results could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
competition in our industry is intense, and very aggressive competition could adversely impact our business.
we compete with a broad range of refining and marketing companies, including certain multinational oil companies. competitors with integrated operations with exploration and production resources and broader access to resources may be better able to withstand volatile market conditions and to bear the risks inherent in the refining industry. for example, competitors that engage in exploration and production of crude oil may be better positioned to withstand periods of depressed refining margins or feedstock shortages.
we also face strong competition in the market for the retail sale of transportation fuels and merchandise. our competitors include outlets owned or operated by fully integrated major oil companies or their dealers or jobbers, and other well-recognized national or regional retail outlets, often selling transportation fuels and merchandise at very competitive prices. several non-traditional transportation fuel retailers such as supermarkets, club stores and mass merchants are in the retail transportation fuels business. these non-traditional transportation fuels retailers have obtained a significant share of the transportation fuels market and we expect their market share to grow. because of their diversity, integration of operations, experienced management and significant financial resources, these companies may be better able to withstand volatile market conditions or levels of low or no profitability in the retail segment of the market. in addition, these retailers may use promotional pricing or discounts, both at the pump and in the store, to encourage in-store merchandise sales. these activities by our competitors could pressure us to offer similar discounts, adversely affecting our profit margins. additionally, the loss of market share by our convenience stores to these and other retailers relating to either transportation fuels or merchandise could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we utilize the services of third parties to transport crude oil and refined products to and from our refineries. in addition to our own operational risks, we could experience interruptions of supply or increases in costs to deliver refined products to market if the ability of the pipelines, railways or vessels to transport crude oil or refined products is disrupted because of weather events, accidents, governmental regulations or third-party actions. in particular, pipelines or railroads provide a nearly exclusive form of transportation of crude oil to, or refined products from, some of our refineries. a prolonged interruption, material reduction or cessation of service of such a pipeline or railway, whether due to private party or governmental action or other reason, or any other prolonged disruption of the ability of the trucks, pipelines, railways or vessels to transport crude oil or refined products to or from one or more of our refineries, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our investments in joint ventures decrease our ability to manage risk.
we conduct some of our operations through joint ventures in which we share control over certain economic and business interests with our joint venture partners. our joint venture partners may have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals and interests or may be unable to meet their obligations. failure by us, or an entity in which we have an interest, to adequately manage the risks associated with any acquisitions or joint ventures could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of our joint ventures and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our inventory risk management activities may result in substantial derivative variability or losses.
we enter into derivative transactions to manage the risks from changes in the prices of crude oil, refined products, natural gas and other feedstocks associated with our physical inventories and future production, and these transactions may result in substantial derivatives variability or losses, which could increase the volatility of our earnings. we manage price risk on inventories above or below our target levels to minimize the impact commodity price fluctuations have on our earnings and cash flows. consequently, our results may fluctuate significantly from one reporting period to the next depending on commodity price fluctuations and our relative physical inventory positions. these transactions may also expose us to the risk of financial loss. for example, if our production is less than we anticipated at the time we entered into a hedge agreement or if a counterparty to our hedge agreement fails to perform its obligations under its agreement, we may suffer a financial loss.
we have significant debt obligations; therefore, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be harmed by a deterioration of our credit profile, a decrease in debt capacity or unsecured commercial credit available to us, or by factors adversely affecting credit markets generally.
at december 31, 2019, our total debt obligations for borrowed money and finance lease obligations were $29.28 billion, including $20.12 billion of obligations of mplx and its subsidiaries. we may incur substantial additional debt obligations in the future.
•   increasing our vulnerability to changing economic, regulatory and industry conditions;
•   limiting our ability to compete and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry;
•   limiting our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders;
•   limiting our ability to borrow additional funds; and
•   requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases, dividends and other purposes.
a decrease in our debt or commercial credit capacity, including unsecured credit extended by third-party suppliers, or a deterioration in our credit profile could increase our costs of borrowing money and limit our access to the capital markets and commercial credit. our credit rating is determined by independent credit rating agencies. we cannot provide assurance that any of our credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. on november 1, 2019, moody's announced it had changed its outlook for mpc's and mplx's credit ratings from stable to negative following the announcement of the planned speedway spinoff and midstream review. the planned speedway spinoff and midstream review could be factors causing or contributing to a future determination by one or more of the rating agencies to lower mpc's or mplx's credit rating. any changes in our credit capacity or credit profile could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we have a trade receivables securitization facility that provides liquidity of up to $750 million depending on the amount of eligible domestic trade accounts receivables. in periods of lower prices, we may not have sufficient eligible accounts receivables to support full availability of this facility.
national and international regulators and law enforcement agencies have conducted investigations into a number of rates or indices, which are deemed to be "reference rates." actions by such regulators and law enforcement agencies may result in changes to the manner in which certain reference rates are determined, their discontinuance or the establishment of alternative reference rates. in particular, it appears highly likely that libor will be discontinued or modified by the end of 2021.
at this time, it is not possible to predict the effect that these developments, any discontinuance, modification or other reforms to libor or any other reference rate, or the establishment of alternative reference rates, may have on libor, other benchmarks or floating rate indebtedness. uncertainty as to the nature of such potential discontinuance, modification, alternative reference rates or other reforms may materially adversely affect the trading market for securities linked to such benchmarks. furthermore, the use of alternative reference rates or other reforms could cause the market value of, the applicable interest rate on and the amount of interest paid on our floating rate indebtedness to be materially different than expected and could materially adversely impact our ability to refinance such floating rate indebtedness or raise future indebtedness on a cost effective basis.
historic or current operations could subject us to significant legal liability or restrict our ability to operate.
we currently are defending litigation and anticipate we will be required to defend new litigation in the future. our operations, including those of mplx, and those of our predecessors could expose us to litigation and civil claims by private plaintiffs for alleged damages related to contamination of the environment or personal injuries caused by releases of hazardous substances from our facilities, products liability, consumer credit or privacy laws, product pricing or antitrust laws or any other laws or regulations that apply to our operations. while an adverse outcome in most litigation matters would not be expected to be material to us, in class-action litigation, large classes of plaintiffs may allege damages relating to extended periods of time or other alleged facts and circumstances that could increase the amount of potential damages. attorneys general and other government officials may pursue litigation in which they seek to recover civil damages from companies on behalf of a state or its citizens for a variety of claims, including violation of consumer protection and product pricing laws or natural resources damages. we are defending litigation of that type and anticipate that we will be required to defend new litigation of that type in the future. if we are not able to successfully defend such litigation, it may result in liability to our company that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition to substantial liability, plaintiffs in litigation may also seek injunctive relief which, if imposed, could have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
a portion of our workforce is unionized, and we may face labor disruptions that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
approximately 4,650 of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. of these employees, approximately 190 employees at our st. paul park refinery are covered by a collective bargaining agreement scheduled to expire on december 31, 2020. approximately 280 employees at our el paso refinery are covered by a collective bargaining agreement scheduled to expire in april 2021. approximately 3,425 employees at our anacortes, canton, catlettsburg, galveston bay, los angeles, mandan, martinez and salt lake city refineries are covered by collective bargaining agreements that are due to expire in early 2022. the remaining 750 hourly represented employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with expiration dates ranging from 2021 to 2024. these contracts may be renewed at an increased cost to us. in addition, we have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, work stoppages as a result of labor disagreements. any prolonged work stoppages disrupting operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, california requires refinery owners to pay prevailing wages to contract craft workers and restricts refiners' ability to hire qualified employees to a limited pool of applicants. legislation or changes in regulations could result in labor shortages, higher labor costs, and an increased risk that contract employees become joint employees, which could trigger bargaining issues, employment discrimination liability issues as well as wage and benefit consequences, especially during critical maintenance and construction periods.
one of our subsidiaries acts as the general partner of a master limited partnership, which may involve a greater exposure to certain legal liabilities than existed under our historic business operations.
one of our subsidiaries acts as the general partner of mplx, a master limited partnership. our control of the general partner of mplx may increase the possibility of claims of breach of fiduciary duties, including claims of conflicts of interest. any liability resulting from such claims could have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
if foreign investment in us or mplx exceeds certain levels, mplx could be prohibited from operating inland river vessels, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the shipping act of 1916 and merchant marine act of 1920 (collectively, the "maritime laws"), generally require that vessels engaged in u.s. coastwise trade be owned by u.s. citizens. among other requirements to establish citizenship, entities that own such vessels must be owned at least 75 percent by u.s. citizens. if we fail to maintain compliance with the maritime laws, mplx would be prohibited from operating vessels in the u.s. inland waters. such a prohibition could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to certain continuing contingent liabilities of marathon oil pursuant to agreements we entered into in connection with our spinoff from marathon oil, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
although our spinoff from marathon oil occurred in mid-2011, certain liabilities of marathon oil could become our obligations. for example, we entered into a separation and distribution agreement with marathon oil that includes provisions governing the relationship between our company and marathon oil following our spinoff. among other things, the separation and distribution agreement provides for indemnification obligations designed to make us financially responsible for substantially all liabilities that may exist relating to our downstream business activities, whether incurred prior to or after our spinoff, as well as certain obligations of marathon oil assumed by us. our obligations to indemnify marathon oil under the circumstances set forth in the separation and distribution agreement could subject us to substantial liabilities. marathon oil also agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities. however, third parties could seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities retained by marathon oil, and there can be no assurance that the indemnity from marathon oil will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities, that marathon oil will be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations or that marathon oil's insurers will cover us for liabilities associated with occurrences prior to our spinoff. moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from marathon oil or its insurers any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses ourselves. such liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows.
a significant decrease in oil and natural gas production in mplx's areas of operation, whether due to sustained declines in oil, natural gas and ngl prices, natural declines in well production, or otherwise, may adversely affect mplx's business, results of operations and financial condition, and could reduce its ability to make distributions to us.
a significant portion of mplx's operations are dependent on the continued availability of natural gas and crude oil production. the production from oil and natural gas reserves and wells owned by its producer customers will naturally decline over time, which means that mplx's cash flows associated with these wells will also decline over time. to maintain or increase throughput levels and the utilization rate of mplx's facilities, mplx must continually obtain new oil, natural gas, ngl and refined product supplies, which depend in part on the level of successful drilling activity near its facilities, its ability to compete for volumes from successful new wells and its ability to expand its system capacity as needed.
we have no control over the level of drilling activity in the areas of mplx's operations, the amount of reserves associated with the wells or the rate at which production from a well will decline. in addition, we have no control over producers or their production decisions, which are affected by, among other things, prevailing and projected energy prices, drilling costs per mcf or barrel, demand for hydrocarbons, operational challenges, access to downstream markets, the level of reserves, geological considerations, governmental regulations and the availability and cost of capital. because of these factors, even if oil or natural gas reserves are known to exist in areas served by mplx assets, producers may choose not to develop those reserves. reductions in exploration or production activity in mplx's areas of operations could lead to reduced throughput on its pipelines and utilization rates of its facilities.
decreases in energy prices can decrease drilling activity, production rates and investments by third parties in the development of new oil and natural gas reserves. the prices for oil, natural gas and ngls depend upon factors beyond our control, including global and local demand, production levels, changes in interstate pipeline gas quality specifications, imports and exports, seasonality and weather conditions, economic and political conditions domestically and internationally and governmental regulations. sustained periods of low prices could result in producers also significantly curtailing or limiting their oil and gas drilling operations which could substantially delay the production and delivery of volumes of oil, natural gas and ngls to mplx's facilities and adversely affect their revenues and cash available for distribution to us. this impact may also be exacerbated due to the extent of mplx's commodity-based contracts, which are more directly impacted by changes in natural gas and ngl prices than its fee-based contracts due to frac spread exposure and may result in operating losses when natural gas becomes more expensive on a btu equivalent basis than ngl products. in addition, the purchase and resale of natural gas and ngls in the ordinary course exposes our midstream operations to volatility in natural gas or ngl prices due to the potential difference in the time of the purchases and sales and the potential difference in the price associated with each transaction, and direct exposure may also occur naturally as a result of production processes. also, the significant volatility in natural gas, ngl and oil prices could adversely impact mplx's unit price, thereby increasing its distribution yield and cost of capital. such impacts could adversely impact mplx's ability to execute its long‐term organic growth projects, satisfy obligations to its customers and make distributions to unitholders at intended levels, and may also result in non-cash impairments of long-lived assets or goodwill or other-than-temporary non-cash impairments of our equity method investments.
significant stockholders may attempt to effect changes at our company or acquire control over our company, which could impact the pursuit of business strategies and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our stockholders may from time to time engage in proxy solicitations, advance stockholder proposals or otherwise attempt to effect changes or acquire control over our company. campaigns by stockholders to effect changes at publicly traded companies are sometimes led by investors seeking to increase short-term stockholder value through actions such as financial restructuring, increased debt, special dividends, stock repurchases or sales of assets or the entire company. responding to proxy contests and other actions by activist stockholders can be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our board of directors and senior management from the management of our operations and the pursuit of our business strategies. as a result, stockholder campaigns could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we do not own all of the land on which certain of our assets are located, particularly our midstream assets, but rather obtain the rights to construct and operate such assets on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies for a specific period of time. therefore, we are subject to the possibility of more burdensome terms and increased costs to retain necessary land use if our leases, rights-of-way or other property rights lapse, terminate or are reduced or it is determined that we do not have valid leases, rights-of-way or other property rights. any loss of or reduction in these rights, including loss or reduction due to legal, governmental or other actions or difficulty renewing leases, right-of-way agreements or permits on satisfactory terms or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
certain of our facilities are located on native american tribal lands and are subject to various federal and tribal approvals and regulations, which may increase our costs and delay or prevent our efforts to conduct planned operations.
various federal agencies within the u.s. department of the interior, particularly the bureau of indian affairs, bureau of land management, and the office of natural resources revenue, along with each native american tribe, regulate natural gas and oil operations on native american tribal lands, including drilling and production requirements and environmental standards. in addition, each native american tribe is a sovereign nation having the right to enforce laws and regulations and to grant approvals independent from federal, state and local statutes and regulations. these tribal laws and regulations include various taxes, fees, requirements to employ native american tribal members and other conditions that apply to operators and contractors conducting operations on native american tribal lands. persons conducting operations on tribal lands are generally subject to the native american tribal court system. in addition, if our relationships with any of the relevant native american tribes were to deteriorate, we could face significant risks to our ability to continue operations on native american tribal lands. one or more of these factors may increase our cost of doing business on native american tribal lands and impact the viability of, or prevent or delay our ability to conduct operations on such lands.
risks relating to strategic transactions our proposed spinoff of speedway may not be completed on the currently contemplated timeline or at all and may not achieve the intended benefits.
on october 31, 2019, we announced our intention to separate speedway into an independent, publicly traded company by the end of 2020. this transaction is subject to certain conditions, including final approval by our board of directors, receipt of customary assurances regarding the intended tax-free nature of the transaction and the filing and effectiveness of a registration statement with the sec. unanticipated developments, including possible delays in obtaining various regulatory approvals or clearances, uncertainty of the financial markets and challenges in establishing infrastructure or processes, could delay or prevent the proposed spinoff or cause the proposed spinoff to occur on terms or conditions that are less favorable or different than expected. even if the spinoff is completed, we may not realize some or all of the anticipated benefits from the spinoff. expenses incurred to accomplish the proposed spinoff may be significantly higher than what we currently anticipate. executing the proposed spinoff also requires significant time and attention from management, which could distract them from other tasks in operating our business. following the proposed spinoff, the combined value of the common stock of the two publicly traded companies may not be equal to or greater than what the value of our common stock would have been had the proposed spinoff not occurred. if the proposed speedway spinoff is completed, our diversification of revenue sources will diminish due to the separation of the speedway business, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be subject to increased volatility as a result.
if the proposed spinoff of speedway were to fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for u.s. federal income tax purposes, mpc and mpc shareholders could be subject to significant tax liabilities.
the speedway spinoff is subject to the receipt of customary assurances regarding the intended tax-free nature of the transactions for u.s. federal income tax purposes. notwithstanding receipt of an internal revenue service ("irs") private letter ruling and/or the opinion(s) of tax advisors, the irs could determine that the distribution and/or certain related transactions should be treated as taxable transactions for u.s. federal income tax purposes if it determines that any of the representations, assumptions, or undertakings upon which the irs private letter ruling or the opinion(s) of tax advisors were based are inaccurate or have not been complied with. in addition, an irs private letter ruling would not address all of the issues that are relevant to determining whether the distribution, together with certain related transactions, qualifies as a transaction that is generally tax-free for u.s. federal income tax purposes. the opinion(s) of tax advisors represent the judgment of such tax advisors and are not binding on the irs or any court, and the irs or a court may disagree with the conclusions in the opinion(s) of tax advisors. accordingly, notwithstanding receipt by mpc of an irs private letter ruling and/or the opinion(s) of tax advisors, there can be no assurance that the irs will not assert that the distribution and/or certain related transactions do not qualify for tax-free treatment for u.s. federal income tax purposes or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. in the event the irs were to prevail with such challenge, speedway, as well as mpc and mpc shareholders, could be subject to significant u.s. federal income tax liability.
if the distribution were to fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for u.s. federal income tax purposes under sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the internal revenue code (the "code"), in general, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, mpc would recognize taxable gain as if it had sold the speedway common stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value, and mpc shareholders who receive speedway common stock in the distribution would be subject to tax as if they had received a taxable distribution equal to the fair market value of such shares. even if the distribution were to otherwise qualify as a tax-free transaction under sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the code, it may result in taxable gain to mpc (but not its shareholders) under section 355(e) of the code if the distribution were deemed to be part of a plan (or series of related transactions) pursuant to which one or more persons acquire, directly or indirectly, shares representing a 50 percent or greater interest (by vote or value) in mpc or speedway. for this purpose, any acquisitions of mpc or speedway shares within the period beginning two years before the distribution and ending two years after the distribution are presumed to be part of such a plan, although mpc or speedway may be able to rebut that presumption (including by qualifying for one or more safe harbors under applicable treasury regulations). if the irs were to determine that acquisitions of mpc or speedway stock, either before or after the distribution, were part of a plan or series of related transactions that included the distribution, such determination could result in significant tax liabilities to mpc.
our ongoing review of other strategic alternatives for our midstream business may pose additional risks to our business.
our board of directors has formed a special committee to evaluate strategies to enhance shareholder value through a review of our midstream business, which we primarily conduct through mplx. our exploration of strategic alternatives, including any uncertainty created by this process, involves a number of risks: significant fluctuations in our stock price could occur in response to developments relating to the strategic review process or market speculation regarding any such developments; we may encounter difficulties in hiring, retaining and motivating key personnel during this process or as a result of uncertainties generated by this process or any developments or actions relating to it; we may incur substantial increases in general and administrative expense associated with increased legal fees and the need to retain and compensate third-party advisors; and we may experience difficulties in preserving the commercially sensitive information that may need to be disclosed to third parties during this process or in connection with an assessment of our strategic alternatives. the strategic review process also requires significant time and attention from management, which could distract them from other tasks in operating our business. there can be no assurance that this process will result in the pursuit or consummation of any strategic transaction. the occurrence of any one or more of the above risks could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
significant acquisitions, if any, in the future will involve the integration of new assets or businesses and present substantial risks that could adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows.
any significant future transactions involving the addition of new assets or businesses will present potential risks, which may include, among others:
•   inaccurate assumptions about future synergies, revenues, capital expenditures and operating costs;
•   an inability to successfully integrate assets or businesses we acquire;
•   a decrease in our liquidity resulting from using a portion of our available cash or borrowing capacity under our revolving credit agreement to finance transactions;
•   a significant increase in our interest expense or financial leverage if we incur additional debt to finance transactions;
•   the assumption of unknown environmental and other liabilities, losses or costs for which we are not indemnified or for which our indemnity is inadequate;
risks relating to the andeavor acquisition the andeavor acquisition may not be accretive, and may be dilutive, to mpc's earnings per share and cash flow from operations per share, which may negatively affect the market price of shares of mpc common stock.
the andeavor acquisition may not be accretive, and may be dilutive, to mpc's earnings per share and cash flow from operations per share. earnings per share and cash flow from operations per share in the future are based on preliminary estimates that may materially change. in addition, future events and conditions could decrease or delay any accretion, result in dilution or cause greater dilution than is currently expected.
mpc has incurred and will continue to incur significant costs in connection with the andeavor acquisition, which may be in excess of those anticipated by mpc.
mpc has incurred substantial expenses in connection with the andeavor acquisition. mpc expects to continue to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with combining the operations of the two companies and achieving desired synergies. these fees and costs have been, and may continue to be, substantial.
additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of the two companies' businesses. the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, may not be sufficient to allow mpc to offset integration-related costs over time. these integration costs, as well as other unanticipated costs and expenses, could materially and adversely affect mpc's results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
mpc's results may suffer if it does not effectively manage its expanded operations following the andeavor acquisition.
mpc's success depends, in part, on its ability to manage its expansion following the andeavor acquisition, which poses numerous risks and uncertainties, including the need to integrate the operations and business of andeavor into its existing business in an efficient and timely manner, to combine systems and management controls and to integrate relationships with customers, vendors and business partners.
mpc may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the andeavor acquisition.
the success of the andeavor acquisition depends, in part, on mpc's ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining mpc's and andeavor's businesses, including the annual gross, run-rate, commercial and corporate synergies that mpc expects to realize within the first three years after the combination. the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the andeavor acquisition may not be realized fully or at all, may take longer to realize than expected, may require more non-recurring costs and expenditures to realize than expected or could have other adverse effects. there could be potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses associated with the andeavor acquisition that were not discovered in the course of performing due diligence.
we accounted for the andeavor and other acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that the assets and liabilities of the acquired business be recorded to our balance sheet at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. any excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of the acquired net assets is recognized as goodwill.
as of december 31, 2019, our balance sheet reflected $20.0 billion and $3.0 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets, respectively. these amounts include goodwill and other intangible assets of $17.3 billion and $2.8 billion, respectively, recognized in connection with the andeavor acquisition. as a part of our annual impairment review for goodwill, mplx recorded approximately $1.2 billion of impairment expense in the fourth quarter of 2019. to the extent the value of goodwill or intangible assets becomes further impaired, we may be required to incur additional material non-cash charges relating to such impairment. our operating results may be significantly impacted from both the impairment and the underlying trends in the business that triggered the impairment.
risks relating to our industry meeting the requirements of evolving environmental or other laws or regulations may reduce our refining and marketing margin and may result in substantial capital expenditures and operating costs that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
•   characteristics and composition of transportation fuels, including the quantity of renewable fuels that must be blended into transportation fuels,
•   facility security.
the specific impact of laws and regulations on us and our competitors may vary depending on a number of factors, including the age and location of operating facilities, marketing areas, crude oil and feedstock sources, production processes and subsequent judicial interpretation of such laws and regulations. as a result of these laws and regulations, we have incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures to modify operations, install pollution control equipment, perform site cleanups or curtail operations. such expenditures could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. for additional information on environmental laws and regulations that may affect us, see item 1. business - environmental matters above.
federal, state and local legislation and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing could delay or impede producer's gas production or result in reduced volumes available for our midstream assets to gather, process and fractionate. while we do not conduct hydraulic fracturing operations, we do provide gathering, processing and fractionation services with respect to natural gas and natural gas liquids produced by our customers as a result of such operations. if federal, state or local laws or regulations that significantly restrict hydraulic fracturing are adopted, such legal requirements could make it more difficult to complete natural gas wells in shale formations and increase producers' costs of compliance.
climate change and greenhouse gas emission regulation could affect our operations, energy consumption patterns and regulatory obligations, any of which could affect our results of operations and financial condition.
currently, multiple legislative and regulatory measures to address greenhouse gas (including carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxides) and other emissions are in various phases of consideration, promulgation or implementation. these include actions to develop international, federal, regional or statewide programs, which could require reductions in our greenhouse gas or other emissions, establish a carbon tax and decrease the demand for our refined products. requiring reductions in these emissions could result in increased costs to (i) operate and maintain our facilities, (ii) install new emission controls at our facilities and (iii) administer and manage any emissions programs, including acquiring emission credits or allotments.
for example, in 2017, the california state legislature adopted ab 398, which provides direction and parameters on utilizing cap and trade after 2020 to meet the 40% reduction target from 1990 levels by 2030 specified in sb 32. compliance with the cap and trade program is demonstrated through a market-based credit system. additionally, the carb is now exploring the potential for additional greenhouse gas reductions by 2045 via a yet undefined carbon neutrality standard. other states are proposing, or have already promulgated, low carbon fuel standards or similar initiatives to reduce emissions from the transportation sector. if we are unable to pass the costs of compliance on to our customers, sufficient credits are unavailable for purchase, we have to pay a significantly higher price for credits, or if we are otherwise unable to meet our compliance obligation, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
regional and state climate change and air emissions goals and regulatory programs are complex, subject to change and considerable uncertainty due to a number of factors including technological feasibility, legal challenges and potential changes in federal policy. increasing concerns about climate change and carbon intensity have also resulted in societal concerns and a number of international and national measures to limit greenhouse gas emissions. additional stricter measures and investor pressure can be expected in the future and any of these changes may have a material adverse impact on our business or financial condition.
international climate change-related efforts, such as the 2015 united nations conference on climate change, which led to the creation of the paris agreement, may impact the regulatory framework of states whose policies directly influence our present and future operations. though the united states has announced its intention to withdraw from the paris agreement, u.s. climate change strategy and implementation of that strategy through legislation and regulation may change under future administrations; therefore, the impact to our industry and operations due to greenhouse gas regulation is unknown at this time.
we could also face increased climate‐related litigation with respect to our operations or products. governmental and other entities in california, new york, maryland and rhode island have filed lawsuits against coal, gas, oil and petroleum companies, including the company. the lawsuits allege damages as a result of climate change and the plaintiffs are seeking unspecified damages and abatement under various tort theories. similar lawsuits may be filed in other jurisdictions. there remains a high degree of uncertainty regarding the ultimate outcome of these lawsuits, as well as their potential effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows.
regulatory and other requirements concerning the transportation of crude oil and other commodities by rail may cause increases in transportation costs or limit the amount of crude oil that we can transport by rail.
we rely on a variety of systems to transport crude oil, including rail. rail transportation is regulated by federal, state and local authorities. new regulations or changes in existing regulations could result in increased compliance expenditures. for example, in 2015, the u.s. department of transportation issued new standards and regulations applicable to crude-by-rail transportation (enhanced tank car standards and operational controls for high-hazard flammable trains). these or other regulations that require the reduction of volatile or flammable constituents in crude oil that is transported by rail, change the design or standards for rail cars used to transport the crude oil we purchase, change the routing or scheduling of trains carrying crude oil, or require any other changes that detrimentally affect the economics of delivering north american crude oil by rail could increase the time required to move crude oil from production areas to our refineries, increase the cost of rail transportation and decrease the efficiency of shipments of crude oil by rail within our operations. any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
severe weather events and other climate conditions may adversely affect our facilities and ongoing operations.
we have mature systems in place to manage potential acute physical risks, such as floods, hurricane-force winds, wildfires and snowstorms, and potential chronic physical risks, such as higher ocean levels. if any such events were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our assets and operations. specifically, where appropriate, we are hardening and modernizing assets against weather damage and ensuring we have resiliency measures in place, such as storm-specific readiness plans. we have incurred and will continue to incur additional costs to protect our assets and operations from such physical risks and employ the evolving technologies and processes available to mitigate such risks. to the extent such severe weather events or other climate conditions increase in frequency and severity, we may be required to modify operations and incur costs that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
plans we may have to expand existing assets or construct new assets are subject to risks associated with societal and political pressures and other forms of opposition to the future development, transportation and use of carbon-based fuels. such risks could adversely impact our business and ability to realize certain growth strategies.
our anticipated growth and planned expenditures are based upon the assumption that societal sentiment will continue to enable and existing regulations will remain intact to allow for the future development, transportation and use of carbon-based fuels. a portion of our growth strategy is dependent on our ability to expand existing assets and to construct additional assets. however, policy decisions relating to the production, refining, transportation and marketing of carbon-based fuels are subject to political pressures and the influence and protests of environmental and other special interest groups. one of the ways we may grow our business is through the construction of new pipelines or the expansion of existing ones. the construction of a new pipeline or the expansion of an existing pipeline, by adding horsepower or pump stations or by adding additional pipelines along existing pipelines, involves numerous regulatory, environmental, political, and legal uncertainties, most of which are beyond our control. the approval process for storage and transportation projects has become increasingly challenging, due in part to state and local concerns related to pipelines, negative public perception regarding the oil and gas industry, and concerns regarding greenhouse gas emissions downstream of pipeline operations. in addition, government disruptions, such as a u.s. federal government shutdown, may delay or halt the granting and renewal of permits, licenses and other items required by us and our customers to conduct our business. our expansion or construction projects may not be completed on schedule (or at all) or at the budgeted cost. in addition, our revenues may not increase immediately upon the expenditure of funds on a particular project. for instance, if we build a new pipeline, the construction will occur over an extended period of time and we will not receive any material increases in revenues until after completion of the project. delays or cost increases related to capital spending programs involving engineering, procurement and construction of facilities (including improvements and repairs to our existing facilities) could adversely affect our ability to achieve forecasted internal rates of return and operating results, thereby limiting our ability to grow and generate cash flows.
large capital projects can take many years to complete, and market conditions could deteriorate significantly between the project approval date and the project startup date, negatively impacting project returns. if we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs and in a timely manner, or if the market conditions assumed in our project economics deteriorate, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
delays or cost increases related to capital spending programs involving engineering, procurement and construction of facilities could materially adversely affect our ability to achieve forecasted internal rates of return and operating results. delays in making required changes or upgrades to our facilities could subject us to fines or penalties as well as affect our ability to supply certain products we produce. such delays or cost increases may arise as a result of unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control, including:
•   denial of or delay in receiving requisite regulatory approvals or permits;
•   adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or other events (such as equipment malfunctions, explosions, fires or spills) affecting our facilities, or those of vendors or suppliers;
•   market-related increases in a project's debt or equity financing costs; and
•   nonperformance by, or disputes with, vendors, suppliers, contractors or subcontractors.
any one or more of these factors could have a significant impact on our ongoing capital projects. if we were unable to make up the delays associated with such factors or to recover the related costs, or if market conditions change, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the availability of crude oil and increases in crude oil prices may reduce profitability and refining and marketing margins.
the profitability of our operations depends largely on the difference between the cost of crude oil and other feedstocks we refine and the selling prices we obtain for refined products. a portion of our crude oil is purchased from various foreign national oil companies, production companies and trading companies, including suppliers from canada, the middle east and various other international locations. the market for crude oil and other feedstocks is largely a world market. we are, therefore, subject to the attendant political, geographic and economic risks of such a market. if one or more major supply sources were temporarily or permanently eliminated, we believe adequate alternative supplies of crude oil would be available, but it is possible we would be unable to find alternative sources of supply. if we are unable to obtain adequate crude oil volumes or are able to obtain such volumes only at unfavorable prices, our operations, sales of refined products and refining and marketing margins could be adversely affected, materially and adversely impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to risks arising from our non-u.s. operations and generally to worldwide political and economic developments.
we operate and sell some of our products in non-u.s. jurisdictions, particularly in mexico, south america and asia. our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted by disruptions in any of these markets, including economic instability, restrictions on the transfer of funds, duties and tariffs, transportation delays, difficulty in enforcing contractual provisions, import and export controls, changes in governmental policies, labor unrest, security issues involving key personnel and changing regulatory and political environments. global outbreaks of infectious diseases, such as the coronavirus first detected in wuhan, china, could affect demand for refined products and economic conditions generally. in addition, if trade relationships deteriorate with these countries, if existing trade agreements are modified or terminated, new economic sanctions relevant to such jurisdictions are passed or if taxes, border adjustments or tariffs make trading with these countries more costly, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are required to comply with u.s. and international laws and regulations, including those involving anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering. for example, the foreign corrupt practices act and similar laws and regulations prohibit improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or gaining any business advantage. our compliance policies and programs mandate compliance with all applicable anti-corruption laws but may not be completely effective in ensuring our compliance. our training and compliance program and our internal control policies and procedures may not always protect us from violations committed by our employees or agents. actual or alleged violations of these laws could disrupt our business and cause us to incur significant legal expenses, and could result in a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
more broadly, political and economic factors in global markets could impact crude oil and other feedstock supplies and could have a material adverse effect on us in other ways. hostilities in the middle east or the occurrence or threat of future terrorist attacks could adversely affect the economies of the u.s. and other developed countries. a lower level of economic activity could result in a decline in energy consumption, which could cause our revenues and margins to decline and limit our future growth prospects. these risks could lead to increased volatility in prices for refined products, ngls and natural gas. additionally, these risks could increase instability in the financial and insurance markets and make it more difficult or costly for us to access capital and to obtain the insurance coverage that we consider adequate. additionally, tax policy, legislative or regulatory action and commercial restrictions could reduce our operating profitability. for example, the u.s. government could prevent or restrict exports of refined products, ngls, natural gas or the conduct of business in or with certain foreign countries. in addition, foreign countries could restrict imports, investments or commercial transactions.
compliance with and changes in tax laws could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to extensive tax liabilities, including federal and state income taxes and transactional taxes such as excise, sales and use, payroll, franchise, withholding and property taxes. new tax laws and regulations and changes in existing tax laws and regulations could result in increased expenditures by us for tax liabilities in the future and could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
additionally, many tax liabilities are subject to periodic audits by taxing authorities, and such audits could subject us to interest and penalties.
terrorist attacks aimed at our facilities or that impact our customers or the markets we serve could adversely affect our business.
the u.s. government has issued warnings that energy assets in general, including the nation's refining, pipeline and terminal infrastructure, may be future targets of terrorist organizations. the threat of terrorist attacks has subjected our operations to increased risks. any future terrorist attacks on our facilities, those of our customers and, in some cases, those of other pipelines, could have a material adverse effect on our business. similarly, any future terrorist attacks that severely disrupt the markets we serve could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
risks relating to ownership of our common stock provisions in our corporate governance documents could operate to delay or prevent a change in control of our company, dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our capital stock or affect its liquidity.
the existence of some provisions within our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of us that a stockholder may consider favorable. these include provisions:
•   providing for the division of our board of directors into three classes with staggered terms;
•   limiting who may call special meetings of stockholders;
•   prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring stockholder action to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders;
•   establishing supermajority vote requirements for certain amendments to our restated certificate of incorporation;
•   authorizing a large number of shares of common stock that are not yet issued, which would allow our board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, thereby protecting the continuity of our management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of us; and
we believe certain of these provisions protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors and by providing our board of directors time to assess any acquisition proposal, and are not intended to make us immune from takeovers. however, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition.
our restated certificate of incorporation also authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designation, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, including preferences over our common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our board of directors generally may determine. the terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common stock. for example, we could grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of our board of directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we could assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of our common stock.
finally, to facilitate compliance with the maritime laws, our restated certificate of incorporation limits the aggregate percentage ownership by non-u.s. citizens of our common stock or any other class of our capital stock to 23 percent of the outstanding shares. we may prohibit transfers that would cause ownership of our common stock or any other class of our capital stock by non-u.s. citizens to exceed 23 percent. our restated certificate of incorporation also authorizes us to effect any and all measures necessary or desirable to monitor and limit foreign ownership of our common stock or any other class of our capital stock. these limitations could have an adverse impact on the liquidity of the market for our common stock if holders are unable to transfer shares to non-u.s. citizens due to the limitations on ownership by non-u.s. citizens. any such limitation on the liquidity of the market for our common stock could adversely impact the market price of our common stock.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations all statements in this section, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements that are inherently uncertain. see "disclosures regarding forward-looking statements" and "risk factors" for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these statements. the following information concerning our business, results of operations and financial condition should also be read in conjunction with the information included under item 1. business, item 1a. risk factors, item 6. selected financial data and item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
corporate overview we are an independent petroleum refining and marketing, retail and midstream company. we own and operate the nation's largest refining system through 16 refineries, located in the gulf coast, mid-continent and west coast regions of the united states, with an aggregate crude oil refining capacity of approximately 3.1 mmbpcd. our refineries supply refined products to resellers and consumers across the united states. we distribute refined products to our customers through transportation, storage, distribution and marketing services provided largely by our midstream segment. we believe we are one of the largest wholesale suppliers of gasoline and distillates to resellers in the united states.
we have three strong brands: marathon®, speedway® and arco®. the branded outlets, which primarily include the marathon brand, are established motor fuel brands across the united states available through approximately 6,900 branded outlets operated by independent entrepreneurs in 35 states, the district of columbia and mexico. we believe our retail segment operates the second largest chain of company-owned and operated retail gasoline and convenience stores in the united states, with approximately 3,900 convenience stores, primarily under the speedway brand, and 1,070 direct dealer locations, primarily under the arco brand, across the united states.
we primarily conduct our midstream operations through our ownership interests in mplx, which owns and operates crude oil and refined product transportation and logistics infrastructure and natural gas and ngl gathering, processing, and fractionation assets. as of december 31, 2019, we owned, leased or had ownership interests in approximately 17,200 miles of crude oil and refined product pipelines to deliver crude oil to our refineries and other locations and refined products to wholesale and retail market areas. we distribute our refined products through one of the largest terminal operations in the united states and one of the largest private domestic fleets of inland petroleum product barges. our integrated midstream energy asset network links producers of natural gas and ngls from some of the largest supply basins in the united states to domestic and international markets. as of december 31, 2019, our midstream gathering and processing assets include approximately 9.0 bcf/d of gathering capacity, 11.6 bcf/d of natural gas processing capacity and 831 mbpd of fractionation capacity.
our operations consist of three reportable operating segments: refining & marketing, retail and midstream. each of these segments is organized and managed based upon the nature of the products and services they offer. see item 1. business for additional information on our segments.
•   refining &amp; marketing - refines crude oil and other feedstocks at our 16 refineries in the gulf coast, mid-continent and west coast regions of the united states, purchases refined products and ethanol for resale and distributes refined products through transportation, storage, distribution and marketing services provided largely by our midstream segment. we sell refined products to wholesale marketing customers domestically and internationally, to buyers on the spot market, to our retail business segment and to independent entrepreneurs who operate primarily marathon® branded outlets.
•   retail - sells transportation fuels and convenience products in the retail market across the united states through company-owned and operated convenience stores, primarily under the speedway® brand, and long-term fuel supply contracts with direct dealers who operate locations mainly under the arco® brand.
recent developments strategic actions to enhance shareholder value on october 31, 2019, we announced our intention to separate our retail transportation fuel and convenience store business, which is operated primarily under the speedway brand, into an independent, publicly traded company through a tax-free distribution to mpc shareholders of publicly traded stock in the new independent retail transportation fuel and convenience store company. this transaction is targeted to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2020, subject to market, regulatory and certain other conditions, including final approval by mpc's board of directors, receipt of customary assurances regarding the intended tax-free nature of the transaction, and the effectiveness of a registration statement to be filed with the sec. the speedway business is currently a reporting unit within our retail segment. mpc will retain its direct dealer business, which is also included in the retail segment as currently reported.
mpc's board of directors also formed a special committee to evaluate strategies to enhance shareholder value through a review of the midstream business and to analyze, among other things, the strategic fit of assets with mpc, the ability to realize full valuation credit for midstream earnings and cash flow, balance sheet impacts including liquidity and credit ratings, transaction tax impacts, separation costs, and overall complexity.
mplx acquisition of andx on july 30, 2019, mplx completed its acquisition of andx, and andx survived as a wholly-owned subsidiary of mplx. at the effective time of the merger, each common unit held by andx's public unitholders was converted into the right to receive 1.135 mplx common units. andx common units held by certain affiliates of mpc were converted into the right to receive 1.0328 mplx common units. additionally, 600,000 andx preferred units were converted into 600,000 preferred units of mplx (the "series b preferred units"). series b preferred unitholders are entitled to receive, when and if declared by the mplx board, a fixed distribution of $68.75 per unit, per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on february 15 and august 15, or the first business day thereafter, up to and including february 15, 2023. after february 15, 2023, the holders of series b preferred units are entitled to receive cumulative, quarterly distributions payable in arrears on the 15th day of february, may, august and november of each year, or the first business day thereafter, based on a floating annual rate equal to the three month libor plus 4.652 percent.
the transaction simplified our two sponsored mlps, mplx and andx, into a single listed entity to create a leading, large-scale, diversified midstream company anchored by fee-based cash flows. the combined entity has an expanded geographic footprint that is expected to enhance its long-term growth opportunities and the sustainable cash flow profile of the business.
as described in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes  and , we have consolidated andx since october 1, 2018 in accordance with asc topic 810, consolidation ("asc 810") and previously recorded andx's assets and liabilities to our balance sheet at preliminary fair values as of the andeavor acquisition date of october 1, 2018.
executive summary results select results for 2019 and 2018 are reflected in the following table. the 2018 amounts include the results of andeavor from the october 1, 2018 acquisition date forward.
items not allocated to segments                                      (1,967   )            (690   )
net income attributable to mpc decreased $143 million in 2019 compared to 2018 primarily due to increases in net interest and other financial costs and provision for income taxes, partially offset by a decrease in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in 2019. income from operations was essentially flat in 2019 compared to 2018 as increases in retail and midstream segment income from operations were largely offset by mplx goodwill impairment charges, which are reported in items not allocated to segments. refer to the results of operations section for a discussion of financial results by segment for the three years ended december 31, 2019.
mplx we received limited partner distributions of $1.82 billion and $1.24 billion from mplx and andx during 2019 and 2018, respectively.
we owned approximately 666 million mplx common units at december 31, 2019 with a market value of $16.96 billion based on the december 31, 2019 closing unit price of $25.46. on january 23, 2020, mplx declared a quarterly cash distribution of $0.6875 per common unit, which was paid february 14, 2020. as a result, mplx made distributions totaling $715 million to its common unitholders. mpc's portion of this distribution was approximately $445 million.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 4 for additional information on mplx.
liquidity our liquidity, excluding mplx, totaled $8.3 billion at december 31, 2019. as of december 31, 2019, we had cash and cash equivalents of $1.51 billion, excluding mplx's cash and cash equivalents of $15 million. we had no borrowings and $1 million of letters of credit outstanding under our $6.0 billion bank revolving credit facilities and no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding under our $750 million trade receivables securitization facility ("trade receivables facility"). as of december 31, 2019, eligible trade receivables supported borrowings of $750 million under the trade receivable facility.
mplx's liquidity totaled $4.42 billion at december 31, 2019. as of december 31, 2019, mplx had cash and cash equivalents of $15 million, $3.5 billion available under its $3.5 billion revolving credit agreement and $906 million available through its intercompany loan agreement with mpc.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 19 for information on our new bank revolving credit facilities.
overview of segments refining & marketing refining & marketing segment income from operations depends largely on our refining & marketing margin, refining operating costs, refining planned turnaround and refinery throughputs. our total refining capacity was 3,067 mbpcd, 3,021 mbpcd and 1,881 mbpcd as of december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the increase in 2018 was primarily due to the acquisition of andeavor on october 1, 2018, which added 10 refineries with approximately 1,117 mbpcd of total refining capacity.
our refining & marketing margin is the difference between the prices of refined products sold and the costs of crude oil and other charge and blendstocks refined, including the costs to transport these inputs to our refineries and the costs of products purchased for resale. the crack spread is a measure of the difference between market prices for refined products and crude oil, commonly used by the industry as a proxy for the refining margin. crack spreads can fluctuate significantly, particularly when prices of refined products do not move in the same relationship as the cost of crude oil. as a performance benchmark and a comparison with
the following table provides sensitivities showing an estimated change in annual net income due to potential changes in market conditions.
blended crack spread sensitivity(a) (per $1.00/barrel change)        $910
sour differential sensitivity(b) (per $1.00/barrel change)            420
sweet differential sensitivity(c) (per $1.00/barrel change)           420
natural gas price sensitivity(d) (per $1.00/mmbtu)                    325
(a)   crack spread based on 38 percent lls, 38 percent wti and 24 percent ans with gulf coast, mid-continent and west coast product pricing, respectively, and assumes all other differentials and pricing relationships remain unchanged.
in addition to the market changes indicated by the crack spreads, the sour differential and the sweet differential, our refining & marketing margin is impacted by factors such as:
•   the impact of commodity derivative instruments used to hedge price risk; and
inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. costs of crude oil, refinery feedstocks and refined products are stated under the lifo inventory costing method and aggregated on a consolidated basis for purposes of assessing if the cost basis of these inventories may have to be written down to market values. at december 31, 2019, market values for refined products exceed their cost basis and, therefore, there is no lcm inventory market valuation reserve at the end of the year. based on movements of refined product prices, future inventory valuation adjustments could have a negative effect to earnings. such losses are subject to reversal in subsequent periods if prices recover.
refining & marketing segment income from operations is also affected by changes in refining operating costs and refining planned turnaround costs. changes in operating costs are primarily driven by the cost of energy used by our refineries, including purchased natural gas, and the level of maintenance costs. refining planned turnarounds, requiring temporary shutdown of certain refinery operating units, are periodically performed at each refinery. the following table lists the refineries that had significant planned turnaround and major maintenance activities for each of the last three years and only reflects the activity for the acquired refineries after october 1, 2018.
2018   canton, detroit, galveston bay and martinez
2017   catlettsburg, galveston bay and garyville we have various long-term, fee-based commercial agreements with mplx. under these agreements, mplx, which is reported in our midstream segment, provides transportation, storage, distribution and marketing services to our refining & marketing segment. certain of these agreements include commitments for minimum quarterly throughput and distribution volumes of crude oil and refined products and minimum storage volumes of crude oil, refined products and other products. certain other agreements include commitments to pay for 100 percent of available capacity for certain marine transportation and refining logistics assets.
retail our retail fuel margin for gasoline and distillate, which is the price paid by consumers or direct dealers less the cost of refined products, including transportation, consumer excise taxes and bankcard processing fees (where applicable), impacts the retail segment profitability. gasoline and distillate prices are volatile and are impacted by changes in supply and demand in the regions where we operate. numerous factors impact gasoline and distillate demand throughout the year, including local competition, seasonal demand fluctuations, the available wholesale supply, the level of economic activity in our marketing areas and weather conditions. as fleet fuel efficiency gains have taken hold, gasoline demand fell for the first time since 2012 by 0.4 percent from 2018 despite average annual gasoline prices falling four percent, record level of light trucks' share of auto sales (72 percent), and continuing economic growth in 2019. according to current estimates, 2019 gasoline demand fell less than 0.1 million barrels per day, remaining at approximately 9.3 million barrels per day for the fourth consecutive year. meanwhile, distillate demand fell for the first time in three years as weather impacted agricultural uses, and trade tensions weighed on port traffic in 2019. distillate demand was down 1.6 percent from 2018, but remained near 4.1 million barrels per day, the fourth highest u.s. demand level ever. truck tonnage growth slowed in 2019, rising 3.4 percent year over year in 2019-about half of the prior year's growth, while port container traffic (at the 10 largest u.s. ports), was flat year over year in 2019 (through november).
the margin on merchandise sold at our convenience stores historically has been less volatile and has contributed substantially to our retail segment margin. approximately 40 percent of our retail margin was derived from merchandise sales in 2019. this percentage decreased from 2018 due to the addition of long-term fuel supply contracts with direct dealers and fuel only locations as part of the andeavor acquisition. our retail convenience stores offer a wide variety of merchandise, including prepared foods, beverages and non-food items.
inventories are carried at the lower of cost or market value. costs of refined products and merchandise are stated under the lifo inventory costing method and aggregated on a consolidated basis for purposes of assessing if the cost basis of these inventories may have to be written down to market values. as of december 31, 2019, market values for refined products exceed their cost basis and, therefore, there is no lcm inventory market valuation reserve at the end of the year. based on movements of refined product prices, future inventory valuation adjustments could have a negative effect to earnings. such losses are subject to reversal in subsequent periods if prices recover.
midstream our midstream segment transports, stores, distributes and markets crude oil and refined products, principally for our refining & marketing segment. the profitability of our pipeline transportation operations primarily depends on tariff rates and the volumes shipped through the pipelines. the profitability of our marine operations primarily depends on the quantity and availability of our vessels and barges. the profitability of our light product terminal operations primarily depends on the throughput volumes at these terminals. the profitability of our fuels distribution services primarily depends on the sales volumes of certain refined products. the profitability of our refining logistics operations depends on the quantity and availability of our refining logistics assets. a majority of the crude oil and refined product shipments on our pipelines and marine vessels and the refined product throughput at our terminals serve our refining & marketing segment and our refining logistics assets and fuels distribution services are used solely by our refining & marketing segment.
as discussed above in the refining & marketing section, mplx, which is reported in our midstream segment, has various long-term, fee-based commercial agreements related to services provided to our refining & marketing segment. under these agreements, mplx has received various commitments of minimum throughput, storage and distribution volumes as well as commitments to pay for all available capacity of certain assets. the volume of crude oil that we transport is directly affected by the supply of, and refiner demand for, crude oil in the markets served directly by our crude oil pipelines, terminals and marine operations. key factors in this supply and demand balance are the production levels of crude oil by producers in various regions or fields, the availability and cost of alternative modes of transportation, the volumes of crude oil processed at refineries and refinery and transportation system maintenance levels. the volume of refined products that we transport, store, distribute and market is directly affected by the production levels of, and user demand for, refined products in the markets served by our refined product pipelines and marine operations. in most of our markets, demand for gasoline and distillate peaks during the summer driving season, which extends from may through september of each year, and declines during the fall and winter months. as with crude oil, other transportation alternatives and system maintenance levels influence refined product movements.
ngl and natural gas prices are volatile and are impacted by changes in fundamental supply and demand, as well as market uncertainty, availability of ngl transportation and fractionation capacity and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control. our midstream segment profitability is affected by prevailing commodity prices primarily as a result of processing or conditioning at our own or third‐party processing plants, purchasing and selling or gathering and transporting volumes of natural gas at index‐related prices and the cost of third‐party transportation and fractionation services. commodity prices are a significant influence on the level of natural gas drilling by our producer customers, such prices also affect profitability.
results of operations the following discussion includes comments and analysis relating to our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017. these amounts include the results of andeavor from the october 1, 2018 acquisition date forward. this discussion should be read in conjunction with item 8. financial statements and supplementary data and is intended to provide investors with a reasonable basis for assessing our historical operations, but should not serve as the only criteria for predicting our future performance.
income from equity method investments                     394                 373                          21                       306                          67
cost of revenues (excludes items below)               110,243              86,066                      24,177                    67,089                      18,977
provision (benefit) for income taxes                    1,074                 962                         112                      (460   )                   1,422
(a)   we adopted asu 2014-09, revenue - revenue from contracts with customers ("asc 606"), as of january 1, 2018, and elected to report certain taxes on a net basis. we adopted the standard using the modified retrospective method, and, therefore, comparative 2017 information continues to reflect certain taxes on a gross basis. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 2 for further information.
net income attributable to mpc decreased $143 million primarily due to increases in net interest and other financial costs and provision for income taxes, partially offset by a decrease in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in 2019. see segment results for additional information.
•   increased sales and other operating revenues of $27.45 billion mainly due to an increase in our refining &amp; marketing segment refined product sales volumes, which increased 1,032 mbpd largely due to the andeavor acquisition on october 1, 2018, partially offset by lower averaged refined product sales prices, which decreased $0.10 per gallon; and
•   increased net gain on disposal of assets of $284 million mainly due to a $207 million gain recognized in connection with mpc's exchange of its undivided interest in the capline pipeline system for an equity ownership in capline llc. we also recognized a $52 million gain due to the formation of a new joint venture with the andersons as the fair value of our interest in the new venture exceeded our contribution to the venture.
•   increased cost of revenues of $24.18 billion primarily due to the inclusion of costs related to the andeavor operations following the acquisition;
•   increased impairment expense of $1.20 billion primarily related to mplx goodwill associated with the andx gathering and processing businesses acquired as part of the andeavor acquisition;
•   increased depreciation and amortization of $1.15 billion largely due to the depreciation of the fair value of the assets acquired in connection with the andeavor acquisition;
•   increased selling, general and administrative expenses of $990 million mainly due to the inclusion of costs related to andeavor operations following the acquisition and reflecting mpc's classification of those costs and expenses; and
income from operations was flat in 2019 compared to 2018 as a result of the changes noted above. see segment results for additional information.
net interest and other financial costs increased $244 million mainly due to debt assumed in the acquisition of andeavor and increased mplx borrowings, partially offset by a decrease in pension settlement losses of $44 million. we capitalized interest of $158 million in 2019 and $80 million in 2018. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 19 for further details.
provision for income taxes increased $112 million primarily due to non-deductible goodwill impairments partially offset by decreased income before taxes of $239 million. the effective tax rate of 25 percent in 2019 is higher than the u.s. statutory rate of 21 percent, primarily due to permanent tax differences related to goodwill impairment and state and local tax expense, partially offset by permanent tax differences related to net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. the effective tax rate of 21 percent in 2018 is consistent with the u.s. statutory rate of 21 percent, as permanent benefit differences related to income attributable to noncontrolling interest were offset by state and local tax expense. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 12 for further details.
net income attributable to mpc decreased $652 million. increased income from operations was more than offset by a tax benefit of $1.5 billion resulting from the tcja in 2017 and increased income attributable to noncontrolling interests in 2018. see segment results for additional information.
•   increased sales and other operating revenues of $21.77 billion mainly due to an increase in our refining &amp; marketing segment refined product sales volumes, which increased 402 mbpd, and higher averaged refined product sales prices, which increased $0.34 per gallon. the increase in volume is largely due to the andeavor acquisition on october 1, 2018. these increases were partially offset by our election to present revenues net of certain taxes under asc 606 prospectively from january 1, 2018, which resulted in a decrease in revenues of $6.66 billion for the year. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 2 for additional information;
•   increased income from equity method investments of $67 million primarily due to an increase in income from midstream equity affiliates; and
◦   an increase in refined product cost of sales of $24.97 billion, primarily due to increased operations following the acquisition of andeavor along with higher raw material costs attributable to an increase in our average crude oil costs of $13.87 per barrel; and
taxes continue to be presented on a gross basis and are included in cost of revenues. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 2 for additional information;
•   increased depreciation and amortization of $376 million, primarily due to the depreciation of the fair value of the assets acquired in connection with the andeavor acquisition;
•   increased selling, general and administrative expenses of $724 million primarily due to approximately $197 million of transaction related costs for financial advisors, employee severance and other costs associated with the andeavor acquisition in addition to including costs and expenses for the acquired operations; and
net interest and other financial costs increased $329 million mainly due to increased mplx borrowings and debt assumed in the acquisition of andeavor. in addition, mplx recognized $60 million of debt extinguishment costs in 2018 in connection with the redemption of its $750 million of senior notes due 2023. we capitalized interest of $80 million in 2018 and $63 million in 2017. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 19 for further details.
provision for income taxes increased $1.42 billion primarily due to the absence of a tax benefit of $1.5 billion in 2017 resulting from the tcja and an increase in our income before income taxes, which increased $1.22 billion. the effective tax rate of 21 percent in 2018 is consistent with the u.s. statutory rate of 21 percent, as permanent benefit differences related to income attributable to noncontrolling interest were offset by state and local tax expense. in 2017, our effective tax rate was impacted by 45 percentage points as a result of the tcja which decreased our effective tax rate from 31 percent to (14) percent. the effective tax rate, excluding the tcja, of 31 percent in 2017 was slightly less than the u.s. statutory rate of 35 percent primarily due to certain permanent benefit differences, including differences related to net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and the domestic manufacturing deduction, partially offset by state and local tax expense. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 12 for further details.
noncontrolling interests increased $454 million due to higher mplx net income resulting primarily from the february 1, 2018 dropdown transaction, partially offset by the reduced ownership in mplx held by noncontrolling interests following the general partner/incentive distribution rights exchange. noncontrolling ownership in mplx decreased to 36.4 percent at december 31, 2018 from 69.6 percent at december 31, 2017. in addition, 2018 reflects $68 million of net income attributable to the noncontrolling interest in andx of 36.4 percent for the period from october 1, 2018 through the end of the year.
refining & marketing the following includes key financial and operating data for 2019, 2018 and 2017. our results include the results of andeavor from the october 1, 2018 acquisition date forward.
(a)   we adopted asc 606 (revenue from contracts with customers), as of january 1, 2018, and elected to report certain taxes on a net basis. we applied the standard using the modified retrospective method, and, therefore, comparative information continues to reflect certain taxes on a gross basis.
(b)   for comparability purposes, these amounts exclude sales taxes for all periods presented. as noted above, refining &amp; marketing revenues in 2019 and 2018 reflect these taxes on a net basis, while 2017 refining &amp; marketing revenues continue to reflect these taxes on a gross basis. the average refined product sales price for 2017 included excise taxes of $0.18 per gallon before this adjustment.
biodiesel tax credit(f)                                         0.08                   -                   -
(f)   reflects a benefit of $93 million in 2019 for the biodiesel tax credit attributable to volumes blended in 2018.
(g)   includes income from equity method investments, net gain on disposal of assets and other income.
the following table presents certain benchmark prices in our marketing areas and market indicators that we believe are helpful in understanding the results of our refining & marketing segment. following the acquisition of andeavor in october 2018, we expanded the benchmark prices included in these tables to include market information for the west coast region of the united states, including la carbob and la carb diesel spot prices, ans crude prices and a west coast ans 3-2-1 crack spread. the results of the andeavor businesses are only included in our results from october 1, 2018 forward. the benchmark crack spreads below do not reflect the market cost of rins necessary to meet epa renewable volume obligations for attributable products under the renewable fuel standard.
(a)   the blended crack spread for 2019 is weighted 38 percent of the usgc crack spread, 38 percent of the mid-continent crack spread and 24 percent of the west coast crack spread. the blended crack spread for 2018 reflects the average of this same weighting for the fourth quarter of 2018 and a weighting of 60 percent of the usgc crack spread and 40 percent of the mid-continent crack spread for the first three quarters of 2018. the 2017 blended crack spread is weighted 60 percent of the usgc crack spread and 40 percent of the mid-continent crack spread for the period. these blends are based on mpc's refining capacity by region in each period.
refining & marketing segment revenues increased $24.14 billion primarily due to higher refined product sales volumes, which increased 1,032 mbpd largely due to the acquisition of andeavor on october 1, 2018, partially offset by decreased average refined product sales prices of $0.10 per gallon.
refinery crude oil capacity utilization was 96 percent during 2019 and total refinery throughputs increased 838 mbpd primarily due to the refineries acquired from andeavor.
refining & marketing segment income from operations decreased $114 million primarily driven by higher operating, distribution and depreciation and amortization costs in addition to a slight decrease in refining & marketing margin on a per barrel basis. the increases in costs and expenses were primarily due to increased sales and production volumes following the andeavor acquisition.
refining & marketing margin was $14.23 per barrel for 2019 compared to $14.25 per barrel for 2018. refining & marketing margin is affected by our performance against the market indicators shown earlier, which use spot market values and an estimated mix of crude purchases and product sales. based on the market indicators and our crude oil throughput, we estimate a net positive impact of $4.46 billion on refining & marketing margin, primarily due to an approximate $5.35 billion benefit from increased throughput volume, mainly attributed to the andeavor acquisition, partially offset by narrower sour and sweet crude oil differentials. our
reported refining & marketing margin differs from market indicators due to the mix of crudes purchased and their costs, the effects of market structure on our crude oil acquisition prices, rin prices on the crack spread and other items like refinery yields and other feedstock variances. for 2019, the refining & marketing segment income from operations also reflects a benefit of $93 million for the biodiesel tax credit attributable to volumes blended in 2018. these factors had an estimated net negative impact on refining & marketing segment income from operations of $33 million in 2019 compared to 2018 resulting in a capture rate of 92 percent in 2019 compared to 91 percent in 2018.
refining operating costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, increased $0.67 per barrel and distribution costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, increased $0.28 per barrel primarily due to the inclusion of costs for the refining operations acquired from andeavor. the per barrel increases, among other items, reflect the addition of andeavor's west coast refineries, which generally have higher operating costs than other regions in which we operate due to specific geographical location and regulatory factors. distribution costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, include fees paid to mplx of $3.22 billion and $2.28 billion for 2019 and 2018, respectively. refining planned turnaround costs decreased $0.15 per barrel due to the timing of turnaround activity. depreciation and amortization per barrel increased by $0.06, primarily due to the fair value of assets acquired from andeavor as of october 1, 2018. during 2019, we recorded a $0.01 per barrel adjustment to reduce depreciation and amortization, which reflects the cumulative effects related to a measurement period adjustment arising from the finalization of purchase accounting.
we purchase rins to satisfy a portion of our rfs2 compliance. our expenses associated with purchased rins were $356 million in 2019 and $316 million in 2018. the increase in 2019 was primarily due to an increase in our rin obligations resulting from the acquisition of andeavor, partially offset by lower weighted average rin costs.
refining & marketing segment revenues increased $17.91 billion in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to higher refined product sales prices and volumes, which increased 402 mbpd, and higher refined product sales prices, which increased $0.34 per gallon. the increase in sales volumes is largely due to the acquisition of andeavor on october 1, 2018. these increases were partially offset by our election to present revenues net of certain taxes under asc 606 prospectively from january 1, 2018, which resulted in a decrease in refining & marketing segment revenues of $4.58 billion in 2019. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 2 for additional information.
refining & marketing segment income from operations increased $160 million primarily due to higher throughputs as a result of the andeavor acquisition as well as wider sour and sweet crude differentials. for comparison purposes, as noted in the market indicators table, 2017 indicators have been included which reflect the new indicators we began using subsequent to the acquisition of andeavor. based on this, the usgc, mid-continent and west coast blended 3-2-1 crack spread was $10.62 in 2018 compared to $10.22 in 2017. these crack spreads are net of rin crack adjustments of $1.61 and $3.57 for 2018 and 2017, respectively.
based on changes in the market indicators shown above and our refinery throughputs, we estimate a positive impact of $3.40 billion for 2018 compared to 2017 on refining & marketing segment income from operations, of which $1.81 billion and $1.59 billion are due to the effects of changes in price and volume, respectively. the market indicators use spot market values and an estimated mix of crude purchases and product sales. differences in our results compared to these market indicators, including product price realizations, the mix of crudes purchased and their costs, the effects of lcm inventory valuation adjustments, the effects of market structure on our crude oil acquisition prices, and other items like refinery yields and other feedstock variances, had an estimated negative impact on refining & marketing segment income from operations of $698 million in 2018 compared to 2017 resulting in a capture rate of 91 percent in 2018 compared to 93 percent in 2017. the significant elements of the negative impact were unfavorable crude acquisition costs and unfavorable product price realizations relative to the market indicators.
refining operating costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, decreased $0.09 per barrel and depreciation and amortization decreased by $0.11 per barrel primarily due to higher refinery throughput resulting from the addition of the refineries acquired from andeavor. in addition, these costs decreased due to the dropdown of refining logistics and fuels distribution assets to mplx on february 1, 2018. distribution costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, increased $1.85 per barrel mainly due to fees paid to mplx of $2.28 billion in 2018 for services provided related to the dropdown of refining logistics and fuels distribution assets. the per barrel increase, among other items, also reflects the addition of andeavor's west coast refineries, which generally have higher operating costs than other regions in which we operate due to specific geographical location and regulatory factors. refining planned turnaround costs increased $0.09 per barrel due to costs related to the additional refineries acquired from andeavor as well as higher turnaround costs at our detroit and canton refineries, partially offset by lower turnaround costs at our galveston bay and garyville refineries.
we purchase rins to satisfy a portion of our rfs2 compliance. our expenses associated with purchased rins were $316 million in 2018 and $457 million in 2017. the decrease in 2018 was primarily due to lower weighted average rin costs which more than offset the increase in our rin obligations resulting from the acquisition of andeavor.
crude oil capacity utilization percent(b)           96
(b)   based on calendar-day capacity, which is an annual average that includes down time for planned maintenance and other normal operating activities.
retail segment revenues increased $9.52 billion primarily due to increased fuel and merchandise sales resulting from the andeavor acquisition on october 1, 2018. total fuel sales increased 3.28 billion gallons primarily due to an increase in speedway fuel sales volumes of 1.37 billion gallons and the addition of direct dealer fuel sales of 1.91 billion gallons, partially offset by a decrease in average gasoline and distillate selling prices of $0.07 per gallon. merchandise sales increased $1.07 billion.
retail segment income from operations increased $554 million primarily due to higher light product and merchandise margins largely related to the addition of the andeavor retail operations. these increases were partially offset by increases in operating expenses and depreciation primarily resulting from the locations acquired from andeavor.
retail segment revenues increased $4.52 billion. the majority of this increase is due to the acquisition of andeavor on october 1, 2018, which added company-owned and operated retail locations, which are included in speedway fuel sales, and direct dealer locations. the existing retail business also saw a $1.18 billion increase in fuel and merchandise sales. total fuel sales increased $5.21 billion primarily due to an increase in speedway fuel sales volumes of 494 million gallons, the addition of direct dealer fuel sales of 644 million gallons and an increase in average gasoline and distillate selling prices of $0.37 per gallon. merchandise sales increased $339 million. the increases in speedway fuel sales and merchandise sales as well as the addition of sales to direct dealers were primarily due to the acquisition of andeavor. these increases were partially offset by our election to present revenues net of certain taxes under asc 606 prospectively from january 1, 2018, which resulted in a decrease in retail segment revenues of $844 million in 2018. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 2 for additional information.
retail segment income from operations increased $299 million primarily due to contributions from the retail operations acquired in the andeavor acquisition. for locations owned prior to the andeavor acquisition, increased gasoline and distillate and merchandise margins were more than offset by increased operating expenses.
(a)   we adopted asc 606 (revenue from contracts with customers), as of january 1, 2018, and elected to report certain taxes on a net basis. we applied the standard using the modified retrospective method, and, therefore, comparative information continues to reflect certain taxes on a gross basis.
(a)   on owned common-carrier pipelines, excluding equity method investments.
(b)   includes amounts related to unconsolidated equity method investments on a 100 percent basis.
midstream segment revenue increased $2.10 billion primarily due to the inclusion of andx revenues subsequent to the andeavor acquisition on october 1, 2018. on july 30, 2019, mplx acquired andx. in addition, 2019 reflects an extra month of fees charged for fuels distribution and refining logistics services provided to our refining & marketing segment following the february 1, 2018 dropdown to mplx. mplx revenues from refining logistics and fuels distribution services provided to mpc were $1.48 billion and $1.36 billion for the years ended december 31, 2019, and 2018, respectively.
in 2019, midstream segment income from operations increased $842 million largely due to contributions from andx in addition to growth across mplx's businesses.
on february 1, 2018, we completed the dropdown of our refining logistics assets and fuels distribution services to mplx, which is reported in our midstream segment. refining logistics contains the integrated tank farm assets that support mpc's refining operations. fuels distribution is structured to provide a broad range of scheduling and marketing services as mpc's agent. these new businesses were reported in the midstream segment prospectively from february 1, 2018. no effect was given to prior periods as these entities were not considered businesses prior to february 1, 2018.
midstream segment revenue and income from operations increased $2.90 billion and $1.41 billion, respectively. revenue increased $1.94 billion primarily due to fees charged for fuels distribution and refining logistics services following the february 1, 2018 dropdown to mplx in addition to services provided by andx following the acquisition of andeavor on october 1, 2018. revenues also increased by approximately $502 million due to asc 606 gross ups. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 2 for additional information.
items not allocated to segments key financial information (in millions)   2019                                                2018              2017
items not allocated to segments:
corporate and other unallocated items(a)                               $(805   )         $(502   )         $(365   )
equity method investment restructuring gains                             259                 -                 -
litigation                                                               (22   )             -               (29   )
(a)   corporate and other unallocated items consists primarily of mpc's corporate administrative expenses and costs related to certain non-operating assets, except for corporate overhead expenses attributable to mplx, which are included in the midstream segment. corporate overhead expenses are not allocated to the refining &amp; marketing and retail segments.
other unallocated items in 2019 include $259 million of equity method investment restructuring gains which include a $207 million gain resulting from the agreements executed with capline llc to contribute our 33 percent undivided interest in the capline pipeline system in exchange for a 33 percent ownership interest in
capline llc. we also recognized a $52 million gain due to the formation of a new joint venture with the andersons as the fair value of our interest in the new venture exceeded our contribution to the venture. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data -note 14 for additional information.
other unallocated items also include transaction-related costs of $160 million and a litigation reserve adjustment of $22 million. the transaction-related costs recognized during the year include the recognition of an obligation for vacation benefits provided to former andeavor employees in the first quarter as well as employee retention, severance and other costs. beginning in the fourth quarter of 2019, transaction costs also include costs incurred in connection with the speedway separation, midstream strategic review and other related efforts. effective october 1, 2019, we discontinued reporting andeavor transaction-related costs separately as one year has passed since the andeavor acquisition and any remaining costs are immaterial.
impairment charges of $1.24 billion primarily relate to mplx goodwill associated with the andx gathering and processing businesses acquired as part of the andeavor acquisition. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 16 for additional information.
corporate and other unallocated expenses increased $137 million in 2018 compared to 2017 largely due to increased costs and expenses for the combined company after the andeavor acquisition on october 1, 2018.
other unallocated items in 2018 include $197 million of transaction-related costs for financial advisors, employee severance and other costs associated with the andeavor acquisition and mpc's share of gains from the sale of assets remaining from the canceled sandpiper pipeline project. other unallocated items in 2017 include an $86 million litigation charge, a litigation benefit of $57 million and a benefit of $23 million related to mpc's share of gains from the sale of assets remaining from the canceled sandpiper pipeline project.
non-gaap financial measures management uses certain financial measures to evaluate our operating performance that are calculated and presented on the basis of methodologies other than in accordance with gaap. we believe these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors and analysts to assess our ongoing financial performance because, when reconciled to its most comparable gaap financial measure, they provide improved comparability between periods through the exclusion of certain items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating performance and that may obscure our underlying business results and trends. these measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap, and our calculations thereof may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. the non-gaap financial measures we use are as follows:
refining & marketing margin refining margin is defined as sales revenue less the cost of refinery inputs and purchased products and excludes any lcm inventory market adjustment and other items reflected in the table below.
income from equity method investments                                                                                             (11   )             (15   )             (17   )
biodiesel tax credit                                                                                                              (93   )               -                   -
income from equity method investments                                                               (82   )             (74   )             (69   )
liquidity and capital resources cash flows our cash and cash equivalents balance was $1.53 billion at december 31, 2019 compared to $1.69 billion at december 31, 2018. net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for the past three years is presented in the following table.
operating activities                   $9,441              $6,158              $6,612
investing activities                   (6,261   )          (7,670   )          (3,398   )
financing activities                   (3,376   )             222              (1,091   )
net cash provided by operating activities increased $3.28 billion in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily due to an increase in operating results, excluding impairment expenses, and favorable change in working capital of $458 million. net cash provided by operating activities decreased $454 million in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily due to an unfavorable change in working capital of $2.28 billion partially offset by an increase in operating results. the above changes in working capital exclude changes in short-term debt.
for 2019, changes in working capital were a net $118 million source of cash, primarily due to the effect of increases in energy commodity prices and volumes on working capital. accounts payable increased primarily due to higher crude oil payable price and volumes. current receivables increased primarily due to increases in crude and refined product receivable volumes and prices. inventories increased primarily due to increases in refined product and materials & supplies inventories partially offset by a decrease in crude inventory.
for 2018, changes in working capital were a net $340 million use of cash, primarily due to the effect of decreases in energy commodity prices on working capital. accounts payable decreased primarily due to lower crude oil payable prices. inventories decreased primarily due to a decrease in crude and refined product inventories. current receivables decreased primarily due to lower crude oil receivable prices. all of these effects exclude the working capital acquired in connection with the acquisition of andeavor.
for 2017, changes in working capital were a net $1.94 billion source of cash, primarily due to the effect of increases in energy commodity prices on working capital. accounts payable increased primarily due to higher crude oil payable volumes and prices; current receivables increased primarily due to higher crude oil and refined product receivable prices and volumes; and inventories decreased primarily due to lower crude oil inventory volumes.
cash flows used in investing activities decreased $1.41 billion in 2019 compared to 2018 and increased $4.27 billion in 2018 compared to 2017.
•   cash used for additions to property, plant and equipment was primarily due to spending in our midstream segment. see discussion of capital expenditures and investments under the "capital spending" section.
•   cash used for acquisitions of $3.82 billion in 2018 primarily includes cash paid to andeavor stockholders of $3.5 billion in connection with the acquisition of andeavor on october 1, 2018.
•   net investments were a use of cash of $966 million in 2019 compared to $393 million in 2018 and $743 million in 2017. investments in 2019 are largely due to investments in connection with the gray oak pipeline, which began initial start-up in the fourth quarter, the wink to webster pipeline, the whistler pipeline and other midstream projects. investments in 2017 primarily include mplx's $500 million investment to acquire a partial interest in the bakken pipeline system.
the consolidated statements of cash flows exclude changes to the consolidated balance sheets that did not affect cash. a reconciliation of additions to property, plant and equipment to total capital expenditures and investments follows for each of the last three years.
additions to property, plant and equipment per consolidated statements of cash flows         $5,374              $3,578              $2,732
asset retirement expenditures                                                                     1                   8                   2
increase (decrease) in capital accruals                                                        (306   )             309                  67
total capital expenditures                                                                    5,069               3,895               2,801
investments in equity method investees                                                        1,064                 409                 305
total capital expenditures and investments                                                   $6,133              $4,304              $3,106
financing activities were a use of cash of $3.38 billion in 2019, a source of cash of $222 million in 2018 and a use of cash of $1.09 billion in 2017.
•   long-term debt borrowings and repayments, including debt issuance costs, were a net $1.18 billion source of cash in 2019 compared to a $5.36 billion source of cash in 2018 and a $2.24 billion source of cash in 2017. during 2019, mplx issued $2 billion of floating rate notes, the proceeds of which were used to repay various outstanding mplx borrowings and for general business purposes, and had net borrowings of $1 billion under its term loan agreement. in addition, mplx repaid $500 million of senior notes. during 2018, mplx issued $7.75 billion of senior notes, redeemed $750 million of senior notes, borrowed and repaid $4.1 billion under the mplx term loan, and borrowed and repaid $1.41 billion and $1.92 billion, respectively, under the mplx credit agreement. in addition, mpc redeemed $600 million of senior notes. during 2017, mplx issued $2.25 billion of senior notes, borrowed $505 million under the mplx bank revolving credit agreement, repaid the remaining $250 million under the mplx term loan agreement and we repaid the remaining $200 million balance under the mpc term loan agreement. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 19 for additional information on our long-term debt.
•   cash used in common stock repurchases totaled $1.95 billion in 2019, $3.29 billion in 2018, and $2.37 billion in 2017. see the "capital requirements" section for further discussion of our stock repurchases.
•   cash used in dividend payments totaled $1.40 billion in 2019, $954 million in 2018 and $773 million in 2017. the increase in 2019 was primarily due a net increase in the number of shares outstanding due to the approximate 239.8 million shares issued in connection with the andeavor acquisition and a $0.28 per share increase in our base dividend, partially offset by a reduction of shares resulting from share repurchases. the increase in 2018 was primarily due to an increase in our base dividend in addition to a net increase in the number of shares of our common stock outstanding due to issuances related to the andeavor acquisition, partially offset by share repurchases. dividends per share were $2.12 in 2019, $1.84 in 2018 and $1.52 in 2017.
•   distributions to noncontrolling interests increased $342 million in 2019 compared to 2018 and $209 million in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily due to an increases in mplx units outstanding and mplx's distribution per common unit. distributions to noncontrolling interests included andx's distribution per common unit paid in the first and second quarter of 2019, prior to the merger of andx and mplx, and the fourth quarter of 2018 subsequent to the acquisition of andeavor on october 1, 2018.
•   cash proceeds from the issuance of mplx common units were $473 million in 2017. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 4 for further discussion of mplx.
•   cash used in financing activities in 2017 included a portion of the payments to the seller of the galveston bay refinery under the contingent earnout provisions of the purchase and sale agreement.
derivative instruments see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for a discussion of derivative instruments and associated market risk.
capital resources mpc, excluding mplx we control mplx through our ownership of the general partner, however, the creditors of mplx do not have recourse to mpc's general credit through guarantees or other financial arrangements. the assets of mplx can only be used to settle its own obligations and its creditors have no recourse to our assets. therefore, in the following table, we present the liquidity of mpc, excluding mplx. mplx liquidity is discussed in the following section.
our liquidity, excluding mplx, totaled $8.3 billion at december 31, 2019 consisting of:
(in millions)                                   total capacity       outstanding borrowings                availablecapacity bank revolving credit facility(a)                $5,000              $1                                       $4,999
364 day bank revolving credit facility            1,000              -                                         1,000
trade receivables facility                          750              -                             750
total liquidity                                                                                               $8,261
(a)   outstanding borrowings include $1 million in letters of credit outstanding under this facility. excludes mplx's $3.5 billion bank revolving credit facility, which had no borrowings and no of letters of credit outstanding as of december 31, 2019.
because of the alternatives available to us, including internally generated cash flow and access to capital markets, including a commercial paper program, we believe that our short-term and long-term liquidity is adequate to fund not only our current operations, but also our near-term and long-term funding requirements, including capital spending programs, the repurchase of shares of our common stock, dividend payments, defined benefit plan contributions, repayment of debt maturities and other amounts that may ultimately be paid in connection with contingencies.
commercial paper - we established a commercial paper program that allows us to have a maximum of $2 billion in commercial paper outstanding, with maturities up to 397 days from the date of issuance. we do not intend to have outstanding commercial paper borrowings in excess of available capacity under our bank revolving credit facilities. at december 31, 2019, we had no amounts outstanding under the commercial paper program.
mpc bank revolving credit facilities - on august 28, 2018, in connection with the andeavor acquisition, mpc entered into a credit agreement with a syndicate of lenders providing for a $5 billion five-year revolving credit facility that expires in 2023.  the five-year credit agreement became effective on october 1, 2018. on july 26, 2019, mpc entered into a credit agreement with a syndicate of lenders providing for a new $1 billion 364-day revolving credit facility that became effective upon the expiration of mpc's previously existing $1 billion 364-day revolving credit facility in september 2019. the new 364-day credit agreement contains substantially the same terms and conditions as our previously existing 364-day revolving credit facility and will expire in september 2020. there were no borrowings and approximately $1 million of letters of credit outstanding under these facilities at december 31, 2019.
trade receivables facility - our trade receivables facility has a borrowing capacity of $750 million (depending on the amount of our eligible domestic trade accounts receivable). on july 19, 2019, we amended our trade receivables facility to extend the maturity date to july 16, 2021. as of december 31, 2019, eligible trade receivables supported borrowings of $750 million. there were no borrowings outstanding at december 31, 2019. availability under our trade receivables facility is primarily a function of refined product selling prices.
the mpc credit agreements and our trade receivables facility contain representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default that we consider usual and customary for agreements of these types. the financial covenant requires us to maintain, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, a ratio of consolidated net debt to total capitalization (as defined in the mpc credit agreements) of no greater than 0.65 to 1.00. other covenants restrict us and/or certain of our subsidiaries from incurring debt, creating liens
on assets and entering into transactions with affiliates. as of december 31, 2019, we were in compliance with the covenants contained in the mpc credit agreements and our trade receivables facility, including the financial covenant with a ratio of consolidated net debt to total capitalization of 0.21 to 1.00.
our intention is to maintain an investment-grade credit profile. as of february 1, 2020, the credit ratings on our senior unsecured debt are as follows.
fitch                   bbb (stable outlook)
the ratings reflect the respective views of the rating agencies. although it is our intention to maintain a credit profile that supports an investment-grade rating, there is no assurance that these ratings will continue for any given period of time. the ratings may be revised or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies if, in their respective judgments, circumstances so warrant.
none of the mpc credit agreements or our trade receivables facility contains credit rating triggers that would result in the acceleration of interest, principal or other payments in the event that our credit ratings are downgraded. however, any downgrades of our senior unsecured debt could increase the applicable interest rates, yields and other fees payable under such agreements and may limit our flexibility to obtain financing in the future, including to refinance existing indebtedness. in addition, a downgrade of our senior unsecured debt rating to below investment-grade levels could, under certain circumstances, decrease the amount of trade receivables that are eligible to be sold under our trade receivables facility, impact our ability to purchase crude oil on an unsecured basis and could result in us having to post letters of credit under existing transportation services or other agreements.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 19 for further discussion of our debt.
mplx mplx's liquidity totaled $4.42 billion at december 31, 2019 consisting of:
(in millions)                                     total capacity       outstanding borrowings                availablecapacity mplx lp - bank revolving credit facility           $3,500              $-                                       $3,500
total liquidity                                                                                                 $4,421
on september 26, 2019, mplx entered into a term loan agreement which provides for a committed term loan facility for up to an aggregate of $1 billion available to be drawn in up to four separate borrowings, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary conditions. borrowings under the term loan agreement bear interest, at mplx's election, at either the adjusted libo rate (as defined in the term loan agreement) plus a margin or the alternate base rate (as defined in the term loan agreement) plus a margin. the applicable margins to the benchmark interest rates fluctuate from time-to-time based on our credit ratings. the proceeds from borrowings under the term loan agreement were used to fund the repayment of mplx's existing indebtedness and for general business purposes. amounts borrowed under the term loan agreement will be due and payable on september 26, 2021.
in connection with mplx's acquisition of andx on july 30, 2019, mplx assumed andx's outstanding senior notes, which had an aggregate principal amount of $3.75 billion, with interest rates ranging from 3.500 percent to 6.375 percent and maturity dates ranging from 2019 to 2047. on september 23, 2019, approximately $3.06 billion aggregate principal amount of andx's outstanding senior notes were exchanged for new unsecured senior notes issued by mplx having the same maturity and interest rates as the andx senior notes in an exchange offer and consent solicitation undertaken by mplx, leaving approximately $690 million aggregate principal of outstanding senior notes issued by andx. of this, $500 million was related to the 5.500 percent unsecured senior notes due 2019. the principal amount of $500 million and accrued interest of $14 million was paid on october 15, 2019, which included interest through the payoff date.
mplx credit agreement - upon the completion of mplx's acquisition of andx on july 30, 2019, the mplx bank revolving credit facility was amended and restated to increase the borrowing capacity to $3.5 billion and to extend the maturity date to july 30, 2024. the andx revolving and dropdown credit facilities were terminated and all outstanding balances were repaid and funded with borrowings under the amended and restated mplx $3.5 billion bank revolving credit facility. there were no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding under this facility at december 31, 2019.
the mplx credit agreement and term loan agreement contain certain representations and warranties, affirmative and restrictive covenants and events of default that we consider to be usual and customary for an agreement of this type. the financial covenant requires mplx to maintain a ratio of consolidated total debt as of the end of each fiscal quarter to consolidated ebitda (both as defined in the mplx credit agreement) for the prior four fiscal quarters of no greater than 5.0 to 1.0 (or 5.5 to 1.0 for up to two fiscal quarters following certain acquisitions). consolidated ebitda is subject to adjustments for certain acquisitions completed and capital projects undertaken during the relevant period. other covenants restrict mplx and/or certain of its subsidiaries from incurring debt, creating liens on assets and entering into transactions with affiliates. as of december 31, 2019, mplx was in compliance with the covenants, including the financial covenant with a ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated ebitda of 3.9 to 1.0.
our intention is to maintain an investment-grade credit profile for mplx. as of february 1, 2020, the credit ratings on mplx's senior unsecured debt are as follows.
fitch                   bbb (stable outlook)
the ratings reflect the respective views of the rating agencies. although it is our intention to maintain a credit profile that supports an investment-grade rating for mplx, there is no assurance that these ratings will continue for any given period of time. the ratings may be revised or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies if, in their respective judgments, circumstances so warrant.
neither the mplx credit agreement or term loan agreement contains credit rating triggers that would result in the acceleration of interest, principal or other payments in the event that mplx credit ratings are downgraded. however, any downgrades of mplx senior unsecured debt could increase the applicable interest rates, yields and other fees payable under such agreements. in addition, a downgrade of mplx senior unsecured debt ratings to below investment-grade levels may limit mplx's ability to obtain future financing, including to refinance existing indebtedness.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 19 for further discussion of mplx's debt.
capital requirements capital spending mpc's capital investment plan for 2020 totals approximately $2.6 billion for capital projects and investments, excluding mplx, capitalized interest and acquisitions. mpc's 2020 capital investment plan includes all of the planned capital spending for refining & marketing, retail and corporate as well as a portion of the planned capital investments in midstream. the remainder of the planned capital spending for midstream reflects the capital investment plan for mplx. we continuously evaluate our capital plan and make changes as conditions warrant. the 2020 capital investment plan for mpc and mplx and capital expenditures and investments for each of the last three years are summarized by segment below.
capital expenditures and investments:(a)
(a)   capital expenditures include changes in capital accruals.
(b)   includes capitalized interest of $137 million, $80 million and $55 million for 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the 2020 capital investment plan excludes capitalized interest.
refining & marketing the refining & marketing segment's forecasted 2020 capital spending and investments is approximately $1.6 billion. this amount includes approximately $1.1 billion of growth capital focused on refinery optimization, production of higher value products, increased capacity to upgrade residual fuel oil and expanded export capacity. maintenance capital is expected to be $450 million.
major capital projects completed over the last three years have prepared us to increase our diesel production, process light crude oil, increase our export capabilities and meet the transportation fuel regulatory mandate (tier 3 fuel standards). in addition, the star investment project to transform our galveston bay refinery into a world-class refining complex is progressing according to plan and is scheduled to complete in 2022.
retail the retail segment's 2020 capital forecast of approximately $550 million is focused on continued conversion of acquired locations to the speedway brand and systems, growth in existing and new markets, dealer sites, commercial fueling/diesel expansion, food service through store remodels and high quality acquisitions.
major capital projects over the last three years included converting recently acquired locations to the speedway brand and systems, building new store locations, remodeling and rebuilding existing locations in core markets and building out our network of commercial fueling lane locations to capitalize on diesel demand growth.
midstream mplx's capital investment plan includes $1.5 billion of organic growth capital and approximately $250 million of maintenance capital. this growth plan includes the continued expansion of the mt. airy terminal in addition to projects which increase mplx's long-haul crude oil, natural gas and ngl pipeline transportation capabilities. many of mplx's projects also increase its export capabilities which provides for additional flexibility and competitive advantages. mplx's growth plan also includes the addition of approximately 580 mmcf/d of processing capacity at three gas processing plants, one in the marcellus and two in the southwest, and approximately 80 mbpd of fractionation capacity in the marcellus and utica basins.
major capital projects over the last three years included investments for the development of natural gas and gas liquids infrastructure to support mplx's producer customers, primarily in the marcellus and utica shale regions, development of various crude oil and refined petroleum products infrastructure projects, including a
build-out of utica shale infrastructure in connection with the cornerstone pipeline, a butane cavern in robinson, illinois, and a tank farm expansion in texas city, texas.
the remaining midstream segment's forecasted 2020 capital spend, excluding mplx, is approximately $300 million which primarily relates to investments in equity affiliates.
corporate and other the 2020 capital forecast includes approximately $200 million to support corporate activities. major projects over the last three years included an expansion project for our corporate headquarters and upgrades to information technology systems.
share repurchases since january 1, 2012, our board of directors has approved $18.0 billion in total share repurchase authorizations and we have repurchased a total of $15.0 billion of our common stock, leaving approximately $3.0 billion available for repurchases as of december 31, 2019. under these authorizations, we have acquired 327 million shares at an average cost per share of $46.05. the table below summarizes our total share repurchases. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 9 for further discussion of the share repurchase plans.
we may utilize various methods to effect the repurchases, which could include open market repurchases, negotiated block transactions, tender offers, accelerated share repurchases or open market solicitations for shares, some of which may be effected through rule 10b5-1 plans. the timing and amount of future repurchases, if any, will depend upon several factors, including market and business conditions, and such repurchases may be discontinued at any time.
other capital requirements in 2019, we made contributions totaling $270 million to our funded pension plans. for 2020, we have an immaterial amount of required funding, but we may also make voluntary contributions to our funded pension plans at our discretion.
other long-term liabilities reported in the consolidated balance sheet(f)         2,889                 311                 552                   555                 1,471
(a)   includes interest payments of $17.21 billion for our senior notes and the mplx senior notes, commitment and administrative fees for our credit agreements, the mplx credit agreement and term loan agreement and our trade receivables facility.
(d)   these contracts include variable price arrangements. for purposes of this disclosure we have estimated prices to be paid primarily based on futures curves for the commodities to the extent available.
(e)   primarily includes contracts to purchase services such as utilities, supplies and various other maintenance and operating services.
(f)   primarily includes obligations for pension and other postretirement benefits including medical and life insurance, which we have estimated through 2029. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 23.
off-balance sheet arrangements off-balance sheet arrangements comprise those arrangements that may potentially impact our liquidity, capital resources and results of operations, even though such arrangements are not recorded as liabilities under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. our off-balance sheet arrangements are limited to indemnities and guarantees that are described below. although these arrangements serve a variety of our business purposes, we are not dependent on them to maintain our liquidity and capital resources, and we are not aware of any circumstances that are reasonably likely to cause the off-balance sheet arrangements to have a material adverse effect on liquidity and capital resources.
we have provided various guarantees related to equity method investees. in conjunction with our spinoff from marathon oil, we entered into various indemnities and guarantees to marathon oil. these arrangements are described in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 26.
transactions with related parties we believe that transactions with related parties were conducted on terms comparable to those with unaffiliated parties. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 7 for discussion of activity with related parties.
environmental matters and compliance costs we have incurred and may continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures as a result of environmental laws and regulations. if these expenditures, as with all costs, are not ultimately reflected in the prices of our products and services, our operating results will be adversely affected.
we believe that substantially all of our competitors must comply with similar environmental laws and regulations. however, the specific impact on each competitor may vary depending on a number of factors, including the age and location of its operating facilities, marketing areas, production processes and whether it is also engaged in the petrochemical business or the marine transportation of crude oil and refined products.
legislation and regulations pertaining to fuel specifications, climate change and greenhouse gas emissions have the potential to materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, including costs of compliance and permitting delays. the extent and magnitude of these adverse impacts cannot be reliably or accurately estimated at this time because specific regulatory and legislative requirements have not been finalized and uncertainty exists with respect to the measures being considered, the costs and the time frames for compliance, and our ability to pass compliance costs on to our customers. for additional information see item 1a. risk factors.
our environmental expenditures, including non-regulatory expenditures, for each of the last three years were:
capital                             $555              $380              $343
(a)   based on the american petroleum institute's definition of environmental expenditures.
we accrue for environmental remediation activities when the responsibility to remediate is probable and the amount of associated costs can be reasonably estimated. as environmental remediation matters proceed toward ultimate resolution or as additional remediation obligations arise, charges in excess of those previously accrued may be required.
new or expanded environmental requirements, which could increase our environmental costs, may arise in the future. it is not possible to predict all of the ultimate costs of compliance, including remediation costs that may be incurred and penalties that may be imposed.
our environmental capital expenditures accounted for 11 percent, 10 percent and 12 percent of capital expenditures, for 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, excluding acquisitions. our environmental capital expenditures are expected to approximate $160 million, or 4 percent, of total planned capital expenditures in 2020. actual expenditures may vary as the number and scope of environmental projects are revised as a result of improved technology or changes in regulatory requirements and could increase if additional projects are identified or additional requirements are imposed.
for more information on environmental regulations that impact us, or could impact us, see item 1. business - environmental matters, item 1a. risk factors and item 3. legal proceedings.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. accounting estimates are considered to be critical if (1) the nature of the estimates and assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change; and (2) the impact of the estimates and assumptions on financial condition or operating performance is material. actual results could differ from the estimates and assumptions used.
fair value estimates fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. there are three approaches for measuring the fair value of assets and liabilities: the market approach, the income approach and the cost approach, each of which includes multiple valuation techniques. the market approach uses prices and other relevant information
generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. the income approach uses valuation techniques to measure fair value by converting future amounts, such as cash flows or earnings, into a single present value amount using current market expectations about those future amounts. the cost approach is based on the amount that would currently be required to replace the service capacity of an asset. this is often referred to as current replacement cost. the cost approach assumes that the fair value would not exceed what it would cost a market participant to acquire or construct a substitute asset of comparable utility, adjusted for obsolescence.
the fair value accounting standards do not prescribe which valuation technique should be used when measuring fair value and does not prioritize among the techniques. these standards establish a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used in applying the various valuation techniques. inputs broadly refer to the assumptions that market participants use to make pricing decisions, including assumptions about risk. level 1 inputs are given the highest priority in the fair value hierarchy while level 3 inputs are given the lowest priority. the three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:
•   level 1 - observable inputs that reflect unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets as of the measurement date. active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.
•   level 2 - observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data. these are inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the measurement date.
•   level 3 - unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data and may be used with internally developed methodologies that result in management's best estimate of fair value.
valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs are favored. assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest priority level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. the assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect the placement of assets and liabilities within the levels of the fair value hierarchy. we use an income or market approach for recurring fair value measurements and endeavor to use the best information available. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 17 for disclosures regarding our fair value measurements.
•   assessment of impairment of equity method investments;
•   recorded values for assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with acquisitions; and
impairment assessments of long-lived assets, intangible assets, goodwill and equity method investments fair value calculated for the purpose of testing our long-lived assets, intangible assets, goodwill and equity method investments for impairment is estimated using the expected present value of future cash flows method and comparative market prices when appropriate. significant judgment is involved in performing these fair value estimates since the results are based on forecasted financial information prepared using significant assumptions including:
•   future margins on products produced and sold. our estimates of future product margins are based on our analysis of various supply and demand factors, which include, among other things, industry-wide capacity, our planned utilization rate, end-user demand, capital expenditures and economic conditions. such estimates are consistent with those used in our planning and capital investment reviews.
•   future volumes. our estimates of future refinery, retail, pipeline throughput and natural gas and ngl processing volumes are based on internal forecasts prepared by our refining &amp; marketing, retail and midstream segments operations personnel. assumptions about our customers' drilling activity are inherently subjective and contingent upon a number of variable factors (including future or expected pricing considerations), many of which are difficult to forecast. management considers these volume forecasts and other factors when developing our forecasted cash flows.
•   discount rate commensurate with the risks involved. we apply a discount rate to our cash flows based on a variety of factors, including market and economic conditions, operational risk, regulatory risk and political risk. this discount rate is also compared to recent observable market transactions, if possible. a higher discount rate decreases the net present value of cash flows.
•   future capital requirements. these are based on authorized spending and internal forecasts.
the need to test for impairment can be based on several indicators, including a significant reduction in prices of or demand for products produced, a poor outlook for profitability, a significant reduction in pipeline throughput volumes, a significant reduction in natural gas or ngls processed, a significant reduction in refining or retail fuel margins, other changes to contracts or changes in the regulatory environment.
long-lived assets used in operations are assessed for impairment whenever changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable based on the expected undiscounted future cash flow of an asset group. for purposes of impairment evaluation, long-lived assets must be grouped at the lowest level for which independent cash flows can be identified, which generally is the refinery and associated distribution system level for refining & marketing segment assets, company-owned convenience store locations for retail segment assets, and the plant level or pipeline system level for midstream segment assets. if the sum of the undiscounted estimated pretax cash flows is less than the carrying value of an asset group, fair value is calculated, and the carrying value is written down if greater than the calculated fair value.
unlike long-lived assets, goodwill is subject to annual, or more frequent if necessary, impairment testing at the reporting unit level. a goodwill impairment loss is measured as the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value, without exceeding the recorded amount of goodwill. as of december 31, 2019, we had a total of $20.04 billion of goodwill recorded on our consolidated balance sheet, which was associated with eight of our ten reporting units.
prior to performing our annual impairment assessment as of november 30, 2019, mpc had goodwill totaling approximately $21.28 billion associated with nine reporting units. as part of this assessment, mplx recorded approximately $1.2 billion of impairment expense in the fourth quarter of 2019 related to its western gathering & processing ("g&p") reporting unit, which brought the amount of goodwill recorded within this reporting unit to zero. the impairment was primarily driven by updated guidance related to the slowing of drilling activity, which has reduced production growth forecasts from mplx's producer customers. for the eight remaining reporting units with goodwill, we determined that no significant adjustments to the carrying value of goodwill were necessary. the annual impairment assessment for these eight reporting units resulted in the fair value of the reporting units exceeding their carrying value by percentages ranging from approximately 8 percent to 457 percent. the reporting unit for which fair value exceeded its carrying amount by 8 percent, our midstream crude gathering reporting unit, had goodwill totaling $1.1 billion at december 31, 2019. the operations which make up this reporting unit were acquired through our acquisition of andeavor and were subsequently acquired by mplx on july 30, 2019 through a common control transaction. we accounted for the october 1, 2018 acquisition of andeavor, including acquiring control of andx, using the acquisition method of accounting, which required andeavor assets and liabilities to be recorded by us at the acquisition date fair value. as such, given the short amount of time from when fair value was established to the date of the annual impairment test, the amount by which the fair value exceeded the carrying value within this reporting unit is not unexpected. also, our midstream eastern g&p reporting unit had fair value exceeding its carrying value of approximately 18 percent and had goodwill totaling $1.8 billion as of december 31, 2019. an increase of one percentage point to the discount rate used to estimate the fair value of this reporting unit would not have resulted in goodwill impairment as of november 30, 2019. no other mpc reporting units had fair values exceeding carrying values of less than 19 percent.
significant assumptions used to estimate the reporting units' fair value included estimates of future cash flows and market information for comparable assets. if estimates for future cash flows, which are impacted by producer customers' development plans, which impact future volumes and capital requirements, were to decline, the overall reporting units' fair value would decrease, resulting in potential goodwill impairment charges. fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. as a result, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the impairment tests will prove to be an accurate prediction of the future.
equity method investments are assessed for impairment whenever factors indicate an other than temporary loss in value. factors providing evidence of such a loss include the fair value of an investment that is less than its carrying value, absence of an ability to recover the carrying value or the investee's inability to generate income sufficient to justify our carrying value. during the fourth quarter of 2019, two of the joint ventures in which mplx has an interest recorded impairments, which impacted the amount of income from equity method investments during the period by approximately $28 million. for one of the joint ventures, mplx also had a basis difference which was being amortized over the life of the underlying assets. as a result of the impairment recorded by the joint venture, mplx also assessed this basis difference for impairment and recorded approximately $14 million of impairment during the quarter related to this investment, which was recorded through "income from equity method investments". this impairment was largely due to a reduction in forecasted volumes of the joint venture related to the loss of one of its customers. at december 31, 2019, we had $6.90 billion of investments in equity method investments recorded on our consolidated balance sheet.
an estimate of the sensitivity to net income resulting from impairment calculations is not practicable, given the numerous assumptions (e.g., pricing, volumes and discount rates) that can materially affect our estimates. that is, unfavorable adjustments to some of the above listed assumptions may be offset by favorable adjustments in other assumptions.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 14 for additional information on our equity method investments. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 16 for additional information on our goodwill and intangibles, including a table summarizing our recorded goodwill by segment.
acquisitions in accounting for business combinations, acquired assets, assumed liabilities and contingent consideration are recorded based on estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition. the excess or shortfall of the purchase price when compared to the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired, if any, is recorded as goodwill or a bargain purchase gain, respectively. a significant amount of judgment is involved in estimating the individual fair values of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, contingent consideration and other assets and liabilities. we use all available information to make these fair value determinations and, for certain acquisitions, engage third-party consultants for valuation assistance.
the fair value of assets and liabilities, including contingent consideration, as of the acquisition date are often estimated using a combination of approaches, including the income approach, which requires us to project future cash flows and apply an appropriate discount rate; the cost approach, which requires estimates of replacement costs and depreciation and obsolescence estimates; and the market approach which uses market data and adjusts for entity-specific differences. the estimates used in determining fair values are based on assumptions believed to be reasonable but which are inherently uncertain. accordingly, actual results may differ materially from the projected results used to determine fair value.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 5 for additional information on our acquisitions. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 17 for additional information on fair value measurements.
derivatives we record all derivative instruments at fair value. substantially all of our commodity derivatives are cleared through exchanges which provide active trading information for identical derivatives and do not require any assumptions in arriving at fair value. fair value estimation for all our derivative instruments is discussed in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 17. additional information about derivatives and their valuation may be found in item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.
variable interest entities we evaluate all legal entities in which we hold an ownership or other pecuniary interest to determine if the entity is a vie. our interests in a vie are referred to as variable interests. variable interests can be contractual, ownership or other pecuniary interests in an entity that change with changes in the fair value of the vie's assets. when we conclude that we hold an interest in a vie we must determine if we are the entity's primary beneficiary. a primary beneficiary is deemed to have a controlling financial interest in a vie. this controlling financial interest is evidenced by both (a) the power to direct the activities of the vie that most significantly
impact the vie's economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses that could potentially be significant to the vie or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the vie. we consolidate any vie when we determine that we are the primary beneficiary. we must disclose the nature of any interests in a vie that is not consolidated.
significant judgment is exercised in determining that a legal entity is a vie and in evaluating our interest in a vie. we use primarily a qualitative analysis to determine if an entity is a vie. we evaluate the entity's need for continuing financial support; the equity holder's lack of a controlling financial interest; and/or if an equity holder's voting interests are disproportionate to its obligation to absorb expected losses or receive residual returns. we evaluate our interests in a vie to determine whether we are the primary beneficiary. we use a primarily qualitative analysis to determine if we are deemed to have a controlling financial interest in the vie, either on a standalone basis or as part of a related party group. we continually monitor our interests in legal entities for changes in the design or activities of an entity and changes in our interests, including our status as the primary beneficiary to determine if the changes require us to revise our previous conclusions.
changes in the design or nature of the activities of a vie, or our involvement with a vie, may require us to reconsider our conclusions on the entity's status as a vie and/or our status as the primary beneficiary. such reconsideration requires significant judgment and understanding of the organization. this could result in the deconsolidation or consolidation of the affected subsidiary, which would have a significant impact on our financial statements.
variable interest entities are discussed in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 6.
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations accounting for pension and other postretirement benefit obligations involves numerous assumptions, the most significant of which relate to the following:
•   the mortality table used in determining future plan obligations.
we utilize the work of third-party actuaries to assist in the measurement of these obligations. we have selected different discount rates for each of our pension plans and retiree health and welfare based on the projected benefit payment patterns of each individual plan. the selected rates are compared to various similar bond indexes for reasonableness. in determining the assumed discount rates, we use our third-party actuaries' discount rate models. these models calculate an equivalent single discount rate for the projected benefit plan cash flows using yield curves derived from aa or higher bond yields. the yield curves represent a series of annualized individual spot discount rates from 0.5 to 99 years. the bonds used have an average rating of aa or higher by a recognized rating agency and generally only non-callable bonds are included. outlier bonds that have a yield to maturity that deviate significantly from the average yield within each maturity grouping are not included. each issue is required to have at least $250 million par value outstanding.
of the assumptions used to measure the year-end obligations and estimated annual net periodic benefit cost, the discount rate has the most significant effect on the periodic benefit cost reported for the plans. decreasing the discount rates of 3.20 percent for our pension plans and 3.25 percent for our other postretirement benefit plans by 0.25 percent would increase pension obligations and other postretirement benefit plan obligations by $90 million and $37 million, respectively, and would increase defined benefit pension expense and other postretirement benefit plan expense by $12 million and $3 million, respectively.
the long-term asset rate of return assumption considers the asset mix of the plans (currently targeted at approximately 42 percent equity securities and 58 percent fixed income securities for the primary funded pension plan), past performance and other factors. certain components of the asset mix are modeled with various assumptions regarding inflation and returns. in addition, our long-term asset rate of return assumption is compared to those of other companies and to historical returns for reasonableness. we used the 6.15 percent long-term rate of return to determine our 2019 defined benefit pension expense. after evaluating activity in the capital markets, along with the current and projected plan investments, we decreased the asset rate of return for our primary plan to 6.00 percent effective for 2020. decreasing the 6.00 percent asset rate of return assumption by 0.25 percent would increase our defined benefit pension expense by $5 million.
compensation change assumptions are based on historical experience, anticipated future management actions and demographics of the benefit plans.
we utilized the 2019 mortality tables from the u.s. society of actuaries.