item 1a.    risk factors (dollars in millions, except per share, per ounce and per pound amounts)
our business activities are subject to significant risks, including those described below. you should carefully consider these risks. if any of the described risks actually occurs, our business, financial position and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. such risks are not the only ones we face and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business. this report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and
●   speculative short positions taken by significant investors or traders in gold, copper, silver, lead, zinc or other metals;
●   recession or reduced economic activity in the united states, china, india and other industrialized or developing countries;
●   availability of cheaper substitute materials.
average gold prices for 2019 were $1,393 per ounce (2018: $1,268; 2017: $1,257), average copper prices for 2019 were $2.72 per pound (2018: $2.96; 2017: $2.80), average silver prices for 2019 were $16.21 per ounce, average lead prices for 2019 were $0.91 per pound and average zinc prices for 2019 were $1.16 per pound. any decline in our realized prices adversely impacts our revenues, net income and operating cash flows, particularly in light of our strategy of not engaging in hedging transactions with respect to sales of gold, silver, copper, lead or zinc. we have recorded asset impairments in the past and may experience additional impairments as a result of lower gold, silver, copper, zinc or lead prices in the future.
in addition, sustained lower gold, silver, copper, zinc or lead prices can:
●   reduce revenues further through production declines due to cessation of the mining of deposits, or portions of deposits, that have become uneconomic at sustained lower metal prices;
●   reduce or eliminate the profit that we currently expect from ore stockpiles and ore on leach pads and increase the likelihood and amount that the company might be required to record as an impairment charge related to the carrying value of its stockpiles and ore on leach pads;
●   reduce funds available for exploration and advanced projects with the result that depleted reserves may not be replaced; and
producers of gold, silver, copper, zinc, lead and other metals must continually replace reserves depleted by production to maintain production levels over the long term and provide a return on invested capital. depleted reserves can be replaced in several ways, including expanding known ore bodies, by locating new deposits or acquiring interests in reserves from third parties. exploration is highly speculative in nature, involves many risks and uncertainties and is frequently unsuccessful in discovering significant mineralization. accordingly, our current or future exploration programs may not result in new mineral producing operations. even if significant mineralization is discovered, it will likely take many years from the initial phases of exploration until commencement of production, during which time the economic feasibility of production may change.
we may consider, from time to time, the acquisition of ore reserves from others related to development properties and operating mines. such acquisitions are typically based on an analysis of a variety of factors including historical operating results, estimates of and assumptions regarding the extent of ore reserves, the timing of production from such reserves and cash and other operating costs. other factors that affect our decision to make any such acquisitions may also include our assumptions for future gold, silver, copper, zinc or lead prices or other mineral prices and the projected economic returns and evaluations of existing or potential liabilities associated with the property and its operations and projections of how these may change in the future. in addition, in connection with any acquisitions we may rely on data and reports prepared by third parties (including ability to permit and compliance with existing regulations) and which may contain information or data that we are unable to independently verify or confirm. other than historical operating results, all of these factors are uncertain and may have an impact on our revenue, our cash flow and other operating issues, as well as contributing to the uncertainties related to the process used to estimate ore reserves. in addition, there may be intense competition for the acquisition of attractive mining properties.
as a result of these uncertainties, our exploration programs and any acquisitions which we may pursue may not result in the expansion or replacement of our current production with new ore reserves or operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial position.
the reserves stated in this report represent the amount of gold, copper, silver, lead and zinc that we estimated, at december 31, 2019, could be economically and legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination. estimates of proven and probable reserves are subject to considerable uncertainty. such estimates are, or will be, to a large extent, based on the prices of gold, silver, copper, zinc and lead and interpretations of geologic data obtained from drill holes and other exploration techniques, which data may not necessarily be indicative of future results. if our reserve calculations are required to be revised using significantly lower gold, silver, zinc, copper and lead prices as a result of a decrease in commodity prices, this could result in material write-downs of our investment in mining properties and increased amortization, reclamation and closure charges.
producers use feasibility studies for undeveloped orebodies to derive estimates of capital and operating costs based upon anticipated tonnage and grades of ore to be mined and processed, the predicted configuration of the ore body, expected recovery rates of metals from the ore, the costs of comparable facilities, the costs of operating and processing equipment and other factors. actual operating and capital cost and economic returns on projects may differ significantly from original estimates. further, it may take many years from the initial phases of exploration until commencement of production, during which time, the economic feasibility of production may change.
additionally, the term "mineralized material" does not indicate proven and probable reserves as defined by the sec or the company's standards. estimates of mineralized material are subject to further exploration and development, and are, therefore, subject to considerable uncertainty. the company cannot be certain that any part or parts of the mineralized material deposit will ever be confirmed or converted into sec industry guide 7 compliant reserves or that mineralized material can be economically or legally extracted.
in 2018, the sec adopted amendments to the disclosure requirements for mining registrants. under these new rules, sec industry guide 7 will be rescinded and replaced with the disclosure standards under new regulation s-k subpart 1300. sec industry guide 7 remains in effect, subject to a transition period. newmont will be required to comply with the new rules for fiscal years 2021 and after. accordingly, future adjustment to estimates of reserves or mineralized material will occur due to the differing standards under the new requirements including, but not limited to, the replacement of our estimate of mineralized material with an estimate of "mineral resources."
in addition, if the price of gold, silver, copper, zinc or lead declines from recent levels, if production costs increase or recovery rates decrease or if applicable laws and regulations are adversely changed, the indicated level of recovery may not be realized or mineral reserves or mineralized material might not be mined or processed profitably. if we determine that certain of our ore reserves have become uneconomic, this may ultimately lead to a reduction in our aggregate reported reserves and mineralized material. consequently, if our actual mineral reserves and mineralized material are less than current estimates, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial position may be materially impaired.
increased operating and capital costs could affect our profitability.
costs at any particular mining location are subject to variation due to a number of factors, such as variable ore grade, changing metallurgy and revisions to mine plans in response to the physical shape and location of the ore body, as well as the age and utilization rates for the mining and processing related facilities and equipment. in addition, costs are affected by the price and availability of input commodities, such as fuel, electricity, labor, chemical reagents, explosives, steel, concrete and mining and processing related equipment and facilities. commodity costs are, at times, subject to volatile price movements, including increases that could make production at certain operations less profitable. further, changes in laws and regulations can affect commodity prices, uses and transport. reported costs may also be affected by changes in accounting standards. a material increase in costs at any significant location could have a significant effect on our profitability and operating cash flow.
we could have significant increases in capital and operating costs over the next several years in connection with the development of new projects in challenging jurisdictions and in the sustaining and/or expansion of existing mining and processing operations. costs associated with capital expenditures may increase in the future as a result of factors beyond our control. increased capital expenditures may have an adverse effect on the profitability of and cash flow generated from existing operations, as well as the economic returns anticipated from new projects.
mine development projects typically require a number of years and significant expenditures during the development phase before production is possible. such projects could experience unexpected problems and delays during development, construction and mine start-up.
our decision to develop a project is typically based on the results of feasibility studies, which estimate the anticipated economic returns of a project. the actual project profitability or economic feasibility may differ from such estimates as a result of any of the following factors, among others:
●   changes in input commodity and labor costs;
●   the quality of the data on which engineering assumptions were made;
●   adverse geotechnical conditions;
●   availability of adequate and skilled labor force;
●   availability, supply and cost of water and power;
●   availability and terms of financing;
●   delays in obtaining environmental or other government permits or approvals or changes in the laws and regulations related to our operations or project development;
●   weather or severe climate impacts, including, without limitation, prolonged or unexpected precipitation, drought and/or sub-zero temperatures;
●   potential delays relating to social and community issues, including, without limitation, issues resulting in protests, road blockages or work stoppages; and
●   potential challenges to permits or other approvals or delays in development and construction of projects based on claims of disturbance of cultural resources.
new projects require, among other things, the successful completion of feasibility studies, attention to various fiscal, tax and royalty matters, obtainment of, and compliance with, required governmental permits and arrangements for necessary surface and other land rights. we may also have to identify adequate sources of water and power for new projects, ensure that appropriate community infrastructure (for example, reliable rail, ports, roads, and bridges) is developed to support the project and secure appropriate financing to fund a new project. these infrastructures and services are often provided by third parties whose operational activities are outside of our control. establishing infrastructure for our development projects requires significant resources, identification of adequate sources of raw materials and supplies, and the cooperation of national and regional governments, none of which can be assured. in addition, new projects have no operating history upon which to base estimates of future financial and operating performance, including future cash flow. thus, it is possible that actual costs may increase significantly and economic returns may differ materially from our estimates. consequently, our future development activities may not result in the expansion or replacement of current production with new production, or one or more of these new production sites or facilities may be less profitable than currently anticipated or may not be profitable at all, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position.
for our existing operations, we base our mine plans on geological and metallurgical assumptions, financial projections and commodity price estimates. these estimates are periodically updated to reflect changes in our operations, including modifications to our proven and probable reserves and mineralized material, revisions to environmental obligations, changes in legislation and/or our political or economic environment, and other significant events associated with mining operations. further, future positive revisions, if any, remain subject to improvements in costs, recovery, commodity price or a combination of these and other factors. additionally, we review our operations for events and circumstances that could indicate that the carrying value of our long-lived assets may not be recoverable. if indicators of impairment are determined to exist at our mine operations, we review the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets by estimating the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. management makes multiple assumptions in estimating future undiscounted cash flows, which include productions levels based on life of mine plans, future costs of production, estimates of future production levels based on value beyond proven and probable reserves at the operations, prices of metals, the historical experience of the operations and other factors. there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating production levels of gold, silver, copper, zinc and lead and the costs to mine recoverable reserves, including many factors beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from expected financial and operating results or result in future impairment charges. we may be required to recognize impairments of long-lived assets in the future if actual results differ materially from management's estimates, which include metal prices, our ability to reduce or control production or capital costs through strategic mine optimization initiatives, increased costs or decreased production due to regulatory issues or if we do not realize the mineable ore reserves or exploration potential at our mining properties. if an impairment charge is incurred, such charges are not reversible at a later date even when favorable modifications to our proven and probable reserves and mineralized material, favorable revisions to environmental obligations, favorable changes in legislation and/or our political or economic environment, and other favorable events occur.
our business is subject to the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and other extraterritorial and domestic anti-bribery laws and regulations, a breach or violation of which could lead to substantial sanctions and civil and criminal prosecution, as well as fines and penalties, litigation, loss of licenses or permits and other collateral consequences and reputational harm.
we operate in certain jurisdictions that have experienced governmental and private sector corruption to some degree, and, in certain circumstances, compliance with anti-bribery laws and heightened expectations of enforcement authorities may be in tension with certain local customs and practices. the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and other laws with extraterritorial reach, including the u.k. bribery act, and anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions in which we operate generally prohibit companies and their
intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or other commercial advantage. we have an ethics and compliance program which includes our code of conduct, business integrity policy and other policies and standards, all of which mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws by the company and its affiliates and their personnel, and also by third parties when they are engaged on our behalf. our program also includes a well-publicized hot line for raising issues as well as processes for evaluating and investigating such issues and assurances of non-retaliation for persons who raise concerns in good faith. we report regularly to the audit committee of our board of directors on such programs and the results of investigations conducted.
we could be held responsible if our internal control policies and procedures fail to protect us from misinterpretation of or noncompliance with applicable anti-bribery laws, regulations and internal policies, recklessness, fraudulent behavior, dishonesty or other inappropriate acts committed by the our affiliates, employees, agents or associated persons for which we might be claimed to be responsible. as such, our corporate policies and processes may not prevent or detect all potential breaches of law or other governance practices. in addition, the compliance mechanisms and monitoring programs adopted and implemented by goldcorp prior to our acquisition of goldcorp may not have adequately prevented or detected possible violations of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the corruption of foreign officials act (canada) attributable to goldcorp prior to our acquisition of goldcorp and we may be held liable for any such violations. we occasionally identify or are apprised of information or allegations that certain employees, affiliates, agents or associated persons may have engaged in unlawful conduct for which we might be held responsible. our policy when receiving credible information or allegations is to conduct internal investigations and compliance reviews to evaluate that information, determine compliance with applicable anti-bribery laws and regulations and company policies and take such remedial steps as may be warranted. in appropriate circumstances, we communicate with authorities in the united states and elsewhere about those investigations and reviews. violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could lead to substantial sanctions and civil and criminal prosecution, as well as fines and penalties, litigation, loss of operating licenses or permits and other collateral consequences, and may damage the company's reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations or cause the market value of our common shares to decline.
mine closure, reclamation and remediation costs for environmental liabilities may exceed the provisions we have made.
natural resource extractive companies are required to close their operations and rehabilitate the lands that they mine in accordance with a variety of environmental laws and regulations. estimates of the total ultimate closure and rehabilitation costs for gold, silver, copper, zinc and lead mining operations are significant and based principally on current legal and regulatory requirements and mine closure plans that may change materially. for example, we have conducted extensive remediation work at two inactive sites in the united states. in addition, we are conducting remediation activities at a third site in the united states, an inactive uranium mine and associated mill site formerly operated by one of our subsidiaries and reclamation of several closed mine sites recently acquired from goldcorp in guatemala and california. in addition, we may be held responsible for the costs of addressing contamination at the site of current or former activities or at third party sites or be held liable to third parties for exposure to hazardous substances should those be identified in the future.
the laws and regulations governing mine closure and reclamation in a particular jurisdiction are subject to review at any time and may be amended to impose additional requirements and conditions which may cause our provisions for environmental liabilities to be underestimated and could materially affect our financial position or results of operations. for a more detailed description of potential environmental liabilities, see the discussion in environmental matters in note 32 to the consolidated financial statements. in addition, regulators are increasingly requesting security in the form of cash collateral, credit, trust arrangements or guarantees to secure the performance of environmental obligations, which could have an adverse effect on our financial position.
under the comprehensive environmental response, compensation, and liability act of 1980 ("cercla") and its state law equivalents, current or former owners of properties may be held jointly and severally liable for the costs of site cleanup or required to undertake remedial actions in response to unpermitted releases of hazardous substances at such property, in addition to, among other potential consequences, liability to governmental entities for the cost of damages to natural resources, which may be significant. these subject properties are referred to as "superfund" sites. for example, the inactive midnite uranium mine is a superfund site subject to cercla. it is possible that certain of our other current or former operations in the u.s. could be designated as a superfund site in the future, exposing us to potential liability under cercla.
any underestimated or unanticipated retirement and rehabilitation costs could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. environmental liabilities are accrued when they become known, are probable and can be reasonably estimated. whenever a previously unrecognized remediation liability becomes known, or a previously estimated reclamation cost is increased, the amount of that liability and additional cost will be recorded at that time and could materially reduce our consolidated net income attributable to newmont stockholders and potentially result in impairments.
for example, the company completed a comprehensive study of the yanacocha long-term mining and closure plans in 2016 as part of the requirement to submit an updated closure plan to peruvian regulators every five years. as a result, the company recorded increases to the reclamation obligation at yanacocha in connection with an update to the yanacocha closure plan, resulting in an increase to the recorded asset retirement cost related to the producing areas of the mine and a non-cash charge to reclamation expense related to the areas of the mine no longer in production. the increase to the reclamation obligation was primarily due to higher estimated long-term water management costs, heap leach earthworks and related support activities. for additional information regarding our review of the yanacocha closure plan, see note 7 to our consolidated financial statements.
our business depends on good relations with our employees.
production at our mines is dependent upon the efforts of our employees and, consequently, our maintenance of good relationships with our employees. due to union activities or other employee actions, we could experience labor disputes, work stops or other disruptions in production that could adversely affect us. for example, during 2018, 2019 and into 2020, there have been work stoppages by miners represented by unions at our cerro negro mine, which have disrupted operations. at december 31, 2019, various unions represented approximately 39% of our employee workforce worldwide. the terms and conditions contained in our ghanaian collective agreements are agreed through december 2022, with labor rates for 2020 to be calculated using a pay adjustment framework. in peru, we recently signed a labor agreement with one union with a second agreement expiring in the first quarter of 2020, which is subject to contract negotiations in 2020. collective bargaining agreements at our peñasquito and porcupine mines are also set to expire in 2020 and are subject to renegotiation. in december, 2019, we reached an agreement in suriname with the union formed in march 2018. similarly, union activities at the company's joint ventures could impact financial performance. for example, in january 2020 a charge against ngm alleging unfair labor practices was filed with the national labor relations board. a failure to successfully enter into new contracts or resolve ongoing union complaints could result in future labor disputes, work stoppages or other disruptions in production that could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. future disputes at the company's operations, projects or joint ventures may not be resolved without disruptions.
if we are unable to attract and retain additional highly skilled employees, our business and future operations may be adversely affected.
we depend upon the services of a number of key executives and management personnel. our success is also dependent on the contributions of our highly skilled and experienced workforce. there continues to be competition over highly skilled personnel in our industry. the loss of members of our highly-skilled and experienced management and workforce or our inability to attract and retain additional experienced management and skilled workers may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
damage to our reputation may result in decreased investor confidence, challenges in maintaining positive community relations and can pose additional obstacles to our ability to develop our projects, which may result in a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and growth prospects.
damage to our reputation can be the result of the actual or perceived occurrence of a variety of events and circumstances, and could result in negative publicity (for example, with respect to our handling of environmental matters or our dealings with local community organizations or individuals).
recently we have received increased demands from stakeholders for greater transparency on environmental, social and governance performance at the site level. we developed a responsible sourcing strategy to attempt to respond and provided supplemental disclosures in our beyond the mine annual sustainability report. our code of conduct (the "code") forms the foundation of our internal governance structure as well as our commitment to responsible mining. we encourage employees and others to promptly report incidents of possible violations of the code and/or our global policies and standards, including in the areas of business integrity, social and environmental, community relations and human rights. employees and non-employees, including suppliers and community members, can anonymously report concerns via our third-party hotline tool. each mine site has a complaints and grievances register to record matters raised by local stakeholders. when necessary, we use independent mechanisms agreed to by the complainants, such as a local leader or committee, to facilitate resolution of such matters before they require public or legal intervention. for disclosure on the nature of the cases and community complaints and grievances arising from the grievance mechanism or hotline tool, please refer to our beyond the mine annual sustainability report available on our website. however, we are not always able to resolve these matters before they are raised publicly or in legal or regulatory proceedings and in the future we may not be able to meet the growing demands of stakeholders through these mechanisms. such matters once publicized may negatively impact our reputation and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
the growing use of social media to generate, publish and discuss community news and issues and to connect with others has made it significantly easier, among other things, for individuals and groups to share their opinions of us and our activities, whether true or not. we do not have direct control over how we are perceived by others and any resulting loss of reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
increased exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations and capital controls may adversely affect newmont's costs, earnings and the value of some of our assets.
our reporting currency is the u.s. dollar and the majority of our earnings and cash flows are denominated in u.s. dollars. we conduct certain business in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. a portion of our operating expenses are incurred in local currencies. the appreciation of those local currencies against the u.s. dollar increases our costs of production in u.s. dollar terms at mines located outside the united states. the foreign currencies that primarily affect our results of operations are the australian dollar and the canadian dollar. our consolidated earnings and cash flows may also be impacted by movements in the exchange rates. change in the value of the currencies of the australian dollar, canadian dollar, the mexican peso, the dominican peso, the argentine peso, the chilean peso or surinamese dollar versus the u.s. dollar could negatively impact our earnings.
in addition, from time to time, emerging market countries such as some in which we operate adopt measures to restrict the availability of the local currency or the repatriation of capital across borders. these measures are imposed by governments or central banks, in some cases during times of economic instability, to prevent the removal of capital or the sudden devaluation of local currencies or to maintain in-country foreign currency reserves. in addition, many emerging markets countries require consents or reporting processes before local currency earnings can be converted into u.s. dollars or other currencies and/or such earnings can be repatriated or otherwise transferred outside of the operating jurisdiction. these measures may have a number of negative effects on newmont, reducing the immediately available capital that we could otherwise deploy for investment opportunities or the payment of expenses. in addition, measures that restrict the availability of the local currency or impose a requirement to operate in the local currency may create other practical difficulties for newmont. for example, in september 2019, argentina imposed temporary foreign currency controls. for more information on argentina's temporary foreign currency controls, see results of consolidated operations and foreign currency exchange rates sections in item 7, management's discussion and analysis of consolidated financial condition and results of operations.
for information concerning the sensitivity of our costs applicable to sales to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and more information our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations, see results of consolidated operations and foreign currency exchange rates sections in item 7, management's discussion and analysis of consolidated financial condition and results of operations.
certain of our operations are located in countries that have in the past experienced high rates of inflation. it is possible that in the future, high inflation in the countries in which we operate may result in an increase in operational costs in local currencies (without a concurrent devaluation of the local currency of operations against the dollar or an increase in the dollar price of gold, silver, copper, zinc or lead). for instance, in argentina, the level of inflation during 2019 reached 53.8%, the highest since 1991. maintaining operating costs in argentine pesos could expose us to risks relating to peso devaluation and high domestic inflation. this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. suriname has also historically experienced high levels inflation, which may recur in the future. significantly higher and sustained rates of inflation, with subsequent increases in operational costs, could result in the deferral or closure of projects and mines in the event that operating costs become prohibitive.
future funding requirements may affect our business, our ability to pay cash dividends or our ability to engage in share repurchase transactions.
potential future investments, including projects in the company's project pipeline, acquisitions and other investments, will require significant funds for capital expenditures. depending on gold, silver, copper, zinc and lead prices, our operating cash flow may not be sufficient to meet all of these expenditures, depending on the timing of development of these and other projects. as a result, new sources of capital may be needed to meet the funding requirements of these investments, fund our ongoing business activities, fund construction and operation of potential future projects and various exploration projects, fund share repurchase transactions and pay dividends. our ability to raise and service significant new sources of capital will be a function of macroeconomic conditions, future gold, silver, copper, zinc and lead prices as well as our operational performance, current cash flow and debt position, among other factors. we may determine that it may be necessary or preferable to issue additional equity or other securities, defer projects or sell assets. additional financing may not be commercially available when needed or, if available, the terms of such financing may not
be favorable to us and, if raised by offering equity securities, any additional financing may involve substantial dilution to existing shareholders. in the event of lower gold, silver, copper, zinc or lead prices, unanticipated operating or financial challenges, or new funding limitations, our ability to pursue new business opportunities, invest in existing and new projects, fund our ongoing business activities, retire or service all outstanding debt, repurchase shares and pay dividends could be significantly constrained. if we are unable to obtain financing or service existing or future debt we could be required to reduce, suspend or eliminate our dividend payments to stockholders or any planned share repurchase transactions. in addition, our joint venture partners may not have sufficient funds or borrowing ability in order to make their capital commitments. in the case that our partners do not make their economic commitments, the company may be prevented from pursuing certain development opportunities or may assume additional financial obligations, which may require new sources of capital.
to the extent that we seek to expand our operations and increase our reserves through acquisitions, we may experience issues in executing acquisitions or integrating acquired operations.
from time to time, we examine opportunities to make selective acquisitions in order to provide increased returns to our shareholders and to expand our operations and reported reserves and, potentially, generate synergies. the success of any acquisition would depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to:
●   identifying suitable candidates for acquisition and negotiating acceptable terms;
●   obtaining approval from regulatory authorities and potentially newmont's shareholders;
●   implementing our standards, controls, procedures and policies at the acquired business and addressing any pre-existing liabilities or claims involving the acquired business;
●   the potential impairment of tangible and intangible assets and goodwill, including as a result of acquisitions;
●   potential unknown liabilities associated with a company we acquire or in which we invest; and
there can be no assurance that we will be able to conclude any acquisitions successfully or that any acquisition will achieve the anticipated synergies or other positive results. estimates of mineral reserves and mineralized material prior to the acquisition are subject to uncertainty and the basis for those determinations may differ from newmont's standards. for example, the acquired entity's estimates may have been prepared in accordance with disclosure standards that differ from the requirements of united states securities laws. as a result, future adjustment may also occur due to differing standards, required study levels, price assumptions and other factors. any material problems that we encounter in connection with such an acquisition could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position.
for example, the integration of newmont and goldcorp following the acquisition of goldcorp by newmont in 2019 may pose special risks and unanticipated costs. the compliance mechanisms and monitoring programs adopted and implemented by goldcorp prior to the newmont goldcorp transaction may not have adequately prevented or detected possible violations of environmental, health and safety, taxes, employment, labor standards, money laundering, terrorist financing and other applicable laws and failure to comply with any of the foregoing legislation prior to the newmont goldcorp transaction could result in severe criminal or civil sanctions and may subject newmont to other liabilities, including fines, prosecution and reputational damage, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the business, consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial condition of newmont.
we recorded substantial goodwill, primarily as the result of our acquisition of goldcorp in 2019. we accounted for the acquisition of goldcorp using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that the assets and liabilities of the acquired business be recorded at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. any excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of the acquired net assets is recognized as goodwill. as of december 31, 2019, our balance sheet reflected additions to the carrying amount of goodwill recognized in connection with the goldcorp acquisition. we review our goodwill for impairment
annually and when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. to the extent the value of goodwill becomes impaired, we may be required to incur material non-cash charges relating to such impairment. our operating results may be significantly impacted from both the impairment and the underlying trends in the business that triggered the impairment. for additional information regarding goodwill, see note 24 to our consolidated financial statements.
our mining operations and development projects require significant amounts of energy. increasing global demand for energy, concerns about nuclear power and the limited growth of new energy sources are affecting the price and supply of energy. a variety of factors, including higher energy usage in emerging market economies, actual and proposed taxation of carbon emissions as well as concerns surrounding unrest and potential conflict in the middle east, could result in increased demand or limited supply of energy and/or sharply escalating diesel fuel, gasoline, natural gas and other energy prices. increased energy prices could negatively impact our operating costs and cash flow.
our principal energy sources are electricity, purchased petroleum products, natural gas and coal. some of our operations are in remote locations requiring long distance transmission of power, and in some locations we compete with other companies for access to third party power generators or electrical supply networks. as certain of our operations, move towards lower greenhouse gas ("ghg") emissions targets, power sources and technology at our operations will continue to be evaluated. certain of our operations may become more dependent upon access to electrical power supply as certain mines, like borden, move towards electrification of the mine. a disruption in the transmission of energy, inadequate energy transmission infrastructure or the termination of any of our energy supply contracts could interrupt our energy supply and adversely affect our operations.
continuation of our mining production is dependent on the availability of sufficient water supplies to support our mining operations.
we recognize the right to clean, safe water and that reliable water supplies are vital for hygiene, sanitation, livelihoods and the health of the environment. water is also critical to our business, and the increasing pressure on water resources requires us to consider both current and future conditions in our management approach. across the globe, water is a shared and regulated resource. newmont operates in areas where watersheds are under stress with limited supply, increasing population and water demand, and impacted water in various forms. with access to water being fundamental to our success and to the sustainability of a shared asset, we developed a global water strategy in 2014. current and long-term water risks include those that arise from our operations (e.g., the use of chemicals in processing) and events that we do not control (e.g., extreme weather and climate change). our management of water-related risks targets the specific areas in which we operate, and takes into consideration the physical environment and social and regulatory context. although each of our operations currently has sufficient water rights, claims and contracts to cover its operational demands, we cannot predict the potential outcome of pending or future legal proceedings or community negotiations relating to our water rights, claims, contracts and uses. water shortages may also result from weather or environmental and climate impacts out of the company's control. for example, the continuation of the below average rainfall or the occurrence of drought in southwest australia could impact our raw water supply at boddington. while we incorporated systems to address the impact of the dry season as part of our operating plans, we can make no assurances that those systems will be sufficient to address all shortages in water supply, which could result in production and processing interruptions. the loss of some or all water rights for any of our mines, in whole or in part, or shortages of water to which we have rights could require us to curtail or shut down mining production and could prevent us from pursuing expansion opportunities. laws and regulations may be introduced in some jurisdictions in which we operate which could limit our access to sufficient water resources in our operations, thus adversely affecting our operations.
we are dependent upon information technology and operational technology systems, which are subject to disruption, damage, failure and risks associated with implementation, upgrade and integration.
we are dependent upon information technology and operational technology systems in the conduct of our operations. our information systems, and those of our third-party service providers and vendors, are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks from a variety of sources, including, without limitation, malware, computer viruses, cyber threats, extortion, employee error, malfeasance, security breaches, cyber-attacks, natural disasters and defects in design. cybersecurity risk is increasingly difficult to identify and quantify and cannot be fully mitigated because of the rapidly evolving nature of the threats, targets and consequences. additionally, unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to these systems or our information through fraud or other means of deceiving our third-party service providers, employees or vendors. we have experienced attempts by external parties to compromise our networks and systems. although such attempts to date have not resulted in any material breaches, disruptions, or loss of business-critical information, our systems and procedures for preparing and protecting against such attempts and mitigating such risks may prove to be insufficient against future attacks. any future material compromise or breach of our it systems
could have an adverse impact on our business and operations, including damage to our reputation and competitiveness, remediation costs, litigation or regulatory actions. given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of information technology disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks or financial losses from remedial actions. outages in our operational technology may affect operations related to health and safety and could result in putting lives at risk of harm or death. in addition, as technologies evolve and these cybersecurity attacks become more sophisticated, we may incur significant costs to upgrade or enhance our security measures to protect against such attacks and we may face difficulties in fully anticipating or implementing adequate preventive measures or mitigating potential harm, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition or results of operations. for instance, we review our cybersecurity controls against current industry threats and partner with security vendors to assist with protecting our network and data resources through activities such as penetration and vulnerability testing, assessments against current cybersecurity standards, and leveraging industry recommendations from both independent vendors as well as industry partners. these efforts are designed to address any remediation actions through our ongoing cyber security program. such efforts may incur significant costs and yet prove insufficient to deter future cybersecurity attacks or prevent all security breaches.
we could also be adversely affected by system or network disruptions if new or upgraded information technology systems are defective, not installed properly or not properly integrated into our operations. system modification failures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations and could, if not successfully implemented, adversely impact the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting.
the occurrence of events for which we are not insured may affect our cash flow and overall profitability.
we maintain insurance policies that may respond to certain risks related to our operations. this insurance is maintained in amounts that we believe are reasonable depending upon the circumstances surrounding each identified risk. however, we may elect not to have insurance for certain risks because of the high premiums associated with insuring those risks or for various other reasons; in other cases, insurance may not be available for certain risks. some concern always exists with respect to investments in parts of the world where civil unrest, war, nationalist movements, political violence or economic crises are possible. these countries may also pose heightened risks of expropriation of assets, business interruption, increased taxation or unilateral modification of concessions and contracts. we do not maintain insurance policies against political risk. occurrence of events for which we are not insured may affect our results of operations and financial position.
●   negotiating agreements with contractors on acceptable terms;
●   the inability to replace a contractor and its operating equipment in the event that either party terminates the agreement;
●   reduced control over those aspects of operations which are the responsibility of the contractor;
●   failure of a contractor to perform under its agreement;
●   interruption of operations or increased costs in the event that a contractor ceases its business due to insolvency or other unforeseen events;
●   failure of a contractor to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, to the extent it is responsible for such compliance; and
●   problems of a contractor with managing its workforce, labor unrest or other employment issues.
in addition, we may incur liability to third parties as a result of the actions of our contractors. the occurrence of one or more of these risks could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.
to the extent we hold or acquire interests in any joint ventures or enter into any joint ventures, our interest in these properties is subject to the risks normally associated with the conduct of joint ventures.
to the extent we hold or acquire interests in any joint ventures or enter into any joint ventures in the future, the existence or occurrence of one or more of the following circumstances and events could have a material adverse impact on our profitability or the viability of our interests held through joint ventures, which could have a material adverse impact on our future cash flows, earnings, results of operations and financial condition:
●   inconsistent economic, political or business interests or goals between partners or disagreements with partners on strategy for the most efficient development or operation of mines;
●   inability to control certain strategic decisions made in respect of properties;
●   inability of partners to meet their financial and other obligations to the joint venture or third parties; and
●   litigation between partners regarding management, funding or other decisions related to the joint venture.
to the extent that we are not the operator of a joint venture properties, such that we will be unable to control the activities of the operator, the success of such operations will be beyond our control. in many cases we will be bound by the decisions made by the operator in the operation of such property, and will rely on the operator to manage the property and to provide accurate information related to such property. we can provide no assurance that all decisions of operators of properties we do not control will achieve the expected results.
for example, our joint ventures, including the joint venture that combines our and barrick gold corporation's ("barrick") respective nevada operations, forming ngm, pursuant to the operating agreement entered into on july 1, 2019 between barrick, newmont and their wholly-owned subsidiaries party thereto (the "nevada jv agreement"), may not be as beneficial to us as expected, whether due to the above-described risks, unfavorable global economic conditions, increases in construction costs, integration challenges, currency fluctuations, political risks, labor disputes or other factors. pursuant to the terms of the nevada jv agreement, we hold a 38.5 percent economic interest and barrick holds a 61.5 percent economic interest in ngm. barrick operates ngm with overall management responsibility is subject to the supervision and direction of ngm's board of directors, which is comprised of three directors appointed by barrick and two directors appointed by newmont. outside of certain prescribed matters, decisions of the board of directors will be determined by majority vote, with the directors appointed by each company having voting power in proportion to such company's economic interests in ngm.
because we beneficially own less than a majority of the ownership interests in ngm, we have limited control of ngm's operations and we depend in part on barrick to operate ngm. in the event that barrick has interests, objectives and incentives with respect to ngm that differ from our own, there can be no assurance that we will be able to resolve such disagreement in our favor. any such disagreement could have a material adverse effect on our interest in ngm, the business of ngm or the portion of our growth strategy related to ngm.
we are subject to litigation and may be subject to additional litigation in the future.
we are currently, and may in the future become, subject to litigation, arbitration or other legal proceedings with other parties. if decided adversely to newmont, these legal proceedings, or others that could be brought against us in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or prospects. furthermore, to the extent we sell or reduce our interest in certain assets, we may give representations and warranties and indemnities customary for such transactions and we may agree to retain responsibility for certain liabilities related to the period prior to the sale. as a result, we may incur liabilities in the future associated with assets we no longer own or in which we have a reduced interest. for a more detailed discussion of pending litigation, see note 32 to our consolidated financial statements.
in the event of a dispute arising at our foreign operations, we may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of foreign courts or arbitral panels, or may not be successful in subjecting foreign persons to the jurisdiction of courts or arbitral panels in the united states. our inability to enforce our rights and the enforcement of rights on a prejudicial basis by foreign courts or arbitral panels could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position.
title to some of our properties may be defective or challenged.
our legal title to our properties does not preclude third parties from challenging our title or related property rights, including challenge by governments, indigenous or communal peoples, or private parties. for example, at our conga project in peru, we continue to seek resolution to a land dispute with local residents. in mexico, mining rights that are granted under a concession do not include ownership, possession, or access rights over the surface; we acquire such surface rights through purchase or lease from private parties and local communities. in addition, certain of our australian and canadian properties could be subject to native title, including first nations' and traditional landowner claims, and our ability to use these properties is dependent on agreements with traditional owners of the properties. in ghana, our title in our properties could be subject to challenge based on the presence of artisanal miners. see the risk factor under the heading "illegal mining and artisanal mining occurs on or adjacent to certain of our properties exposing such sites to security risks" below for further information. a determination of defective title or risks in connection with a challenge to title rights could impact existing operations as well as exploration and development projects, and future acquisitions which could have an adverse effect on operations, our ability to develop new projects, and our financial position. for more information regarding native title or traditional landowner claims, see the discussion under the australia section of item 2, properties, in this report.
illegal mining and artisanal mining occurs on or adjacent to certain of our properties exposing such sites to security risks.
artisanal and illegal miners have been active on, or adjacent to, some of newmont's african and south american properties, including recently in ghana, where illegal miners attacked a field team of security guards employed by a security contractor, tragically resulting in a fatality. illegal mining, which involves trespass into the development or operating area of the mine, is both a security and safety issue, which may present a security threat to property and human life. the illegal miners from time to time have clashed with security staff and law enforcement personnel who have attempted to move them away from the facilities. although, under certain circumstances, artisanal mining may be a legally sanctioned activity, artisanal mining is also associated with a number of negative impacts, including environmental degradation, poor working practices, erosion of civil society, human rights abuse and funding of conflict. the environmental, social, safety and health impacts of artisanal and illegal mining are frequently attributed to formal large scale mining activity, and it is often assumed that artisanally-mined gold is channeled through large-scale mining operators, even though artisanal and large-scale miners normally have separate and distinct supply chains. these misconceptions impact negatively on the reputation of the industry. the activities of the illegal miners could cause damage to newmont's properties or result in inappropriate or unlawful use of force for which newmont could potentially be held responsible. the presence of illegal miners could lead to exploration and project delays and disputes regarding the development or operation of commercial gold deposits. illegal mining and theft could also result in lost gold production and reserves, mine and development stoppages, and have a material adverse effect on financial condition or results of operations or project development.
civil disturbances and criminal activities can disrupt business and expose the company to liability.
civil disturbances and criminal activities such as trespass, illegal mining, sabotage, theft, blockades and vandalism may cause disruptions and could result in the suspension of operations, delays to project development and negative impacts on exploration activities at certain sites. incidents of such activities have occasionally led to conflict with security personnel and/or police, which in some cases resulted in injuries including in ghana, peru, mexico and suriname. although security measures have been implemented by the company to protect employees, community members, property and assets, such measures will not guarantee that such incidents will not continue to occur in the future, or result in harm to employees, community members or trespassers, decrease operational efficiency or construction delays, increase community tensions or result in liabilities or reputational harm to newmont. the manner in which the company's personnel, national police or other security forces respond to civil disturbances and criminal activities can give rise to additional risks where those responses are not conducted in a manner consistent with international and newmont standards relating to the use of force and respect for human rights.
newmont takes seriously our obligation to respect and promote human rights, is a signatory to and active participant in the voluntary principles on security and human rights, and has adopted a sustainability and stakeholder engagement policy and human rights standard in-line with the un guiding principles on business and human rights. nonetheless, although the company has implemented a number of significant measures and safeguards which are intended to ensure that personnel understand and uphold these standards, the implementation of these measures will not guarantee that personnel, national police or other security forces will uphold these standards in every instance. the evolving expectations related to human rights, indigenous rights, and environmental protections may result in opposition to our current and future operations, the development of new projects and mines, and exploration activities. such opposition may take the form of legal or administrative proceedings or manifestations such as protests, roadblocks or other forms of public expression against our activities, and may have a negative impact on our local or global reputation and operations. opposition by community and activist groups to our operations may require modification of, or preclude the operation or development of, our projects and mines or may require us to enter into agreements with such groups or local governments with respect
to our projects and mines or exploration activities, in some cases, causing increased costs and significant delays to the advancement of our projects. for example, prior to our acquisition of the marlin mine in guatemala, the mine was the subject of numerous complaints of human rights violations and faced opposition from the community and from non-governmental organizations that resulted in an order from the inter-american commission on human rights to close the mine and contributed to the decision to close the marlin mine in 2017. in peru, our conga project faced opposition from anti-mining activists in 2011, after which we suspended construction on the project's mining facilities and eventually reclassified conga's reserves to mineralized material as the result of certain operating and construction permits expiring at the end of 2015. the failure to conduct operations in accordance with company standards can result in harm to employees, community members or trespassers, increase community tensions, reputational harm to newmont or result in criminal and/or civil liability and/or financial damages or penalties.
competition from other natural resource companies may harm our business.
we compete with other natural resource companies for specialized equipment, components and supplies, such as drill rigs, necessary for exploration and development, as well as for rights to mine properties containing gold, silver, copper, zinc, lead and other minerals. we may be unable to continue to attract and retain skilled and experienced employees, to obtain the services of skilled personnel and contractors or specialized equipment or supplies, or to acquire additional rights to mine properties, which could have an adverse effect on our competitive position or adversely impact our results of operations.
our ability to recognize the benefits of deferred tax assets is dependent on future cash flows and taxable income.
we recognize the expected future tax benefit from deferred tax assets when the tax benefit is considered to be more likely than not of being realized, otherwise, a valuation allowance is applied against deferred tax assets. assessing the recoverability of deferred tax assets requires management to make significant estimates related to expectations of future taxable income. estimates of future taxable income are based on forecasted cash flows from operations and the application of existing tax laws in each jurisdiction. to the extent that future cash flows and taxable income differ significantly from estimates, our ability to realize the deferred tax assets could be impacted. in the future, our estimates could change requiring a valuation allowance or impairment of our deferred tax assets. additionally, future changes in tax laws could limit our ability to obtain the future tax benefits represented by our deferred tax assets. see note 11 to our consolidated financial statements under the heading "income and mining taxes - valuation of deferred tax assets" and note 2 under the heading "summary of significant accounting policies - valuation of deferred tax assets" for additional information and factors that could impact the company's ability to realize the deferred tax assets. for additional information regarding newmont's non-current deferred tax assets, see note 11 to our consolidated financial statements.
we maintain pension plans for certain employees which provide for specified payments after retirement. the ability of the pension plans to provide the specified benefits depends on our funding of the plans and returns on investments made by the plans. returns, if any, on investments are subject to fluctuations based on investment choices and market conditions. a sustained period of low returns or losses on investments could require us to fund the pension plans to a greater extent than anticipated. if future plan investment returns are not sufficient, we may be required to increase the amount of future cash contributions.
any downgrade in the credit ratings assigned to our debt securities could increase our future borrowing costs and adversely affect the availability of new financing.
there can be no assurance that any rating currently assigned by standard & poor's rating services or moody's investors service to newmont will remain unchanged for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered if, in that rating agency's judgment, future circumstances relating to the basis of the rating so warrant. if we are unable to maintain our outstanding debt and financial ratios at levels acceptable to the credit rating agencies, or should our business prospects or financial results deteriorate, our ratings could be downgraded by the rating agencies. the company's credit ratings have been subject to change over the years. we currently maintain a standard & poor's rating of "bbb" and a moody's investors service rating of baa2. we cannot make assurances regarding how long these ratings will remain unchanged or regarding the outcome of the rating agencies future reviews (including following any planned or future business combinations). a downgrade by the rating agencies could adversely affect the value of our outstanding securities, our existing debt and our ability to obtain new financing on favorable terms, if at all, and increase our borrowing costs, which in turn could impair our results of operations and financial position.
risks related to our industry we may experience increased costs or losses resulting from the hazards and uncertainties associated with mining.
the exploration for natural resources and the development and production of mining operations are activities that involve a high level of uncertainty. these can be difficult to predict and are often affected by risks and hazards outside of our control. these factors include, but are not limited to:
●   industrial accidents, including in connection with the operation of mining equipment, milling equipment and/or conveyor systems and accidents associated with the preparation and ignition of large-scale blasting operations, milling and processing;
●   accidents in connection with transportation, including transportation of chemicals, explosions or other materials, transportation of large mining equipment and transportation of employees and business partners to and from sites;
●   social, community or labor force disputes or stoppages, such as at peñasquito;
●   security incidents, including activities of illegal or artisanal miners, gold bullion or concentrate theft, including in transport, and corruption and fraud;
●   failure of unproven or evolving technologies or loss of information integrity or data;
●   unexpected geological formations or conditions (whether in mineral or gaseous form);
●   metallurgical conditions and gold, copper or other metal recovery, including unexpected decline of ore grade;
●   ground and water conditions;
●   failure of mining pit slopes and tailings dam walls;
●   seismic activity;
●   surface or underground fires or floods, such as the underground conveyor belt fire that resulted in a shutdown of the musselwhite mine facility in march of 2019; and
●   other natural phenomena, such as lightning, cyclonic or tropical storms, floods or other inclement weather conditions, including those impacting operations or the ability to access and supply sites. for example, in 2017 rainfall and flooding in northern australia and peru, temporarily impacted our ability to import fuel and other key deliveries to our tanami and yanacocha sites, respectively.
the occurrence of one or more of these events in connection with our exploration activities and development and production of mining operations may result in the death of, or personal injury to, our employees, other personnel or third parties, the loss of mining equipment, damage to or destruction of mineral properties or production facilities, monetary losses, deferral or unanticipated fluctuations in production, environmental damage and potential legal liabilities, all of which may adversely affect our reputation, business, prospects, results of operations and financial position.
we may be unable to obtain or retain necessary permits, which could adversely affect our operations.
our mining and processing operations and development and exploration activities are subject to extensive permitting requirements. the requirements to obtain and/or achieve or maintain full compliance with such permits can be costly and involve extended timelines. while we strive to obtain and comply with all permits required of us, there can be no assurance that we will obtain all such permits and/or achieve or maintain full compliance with such permits at all times. previously obtained permits may be suspended or revoked for a number of reasons, including through government or court action. failure to obtain and/or comply with required permits can have serious consequences, including damage to our reputation; cessation of the development of a project; increased costs of development or production and litigation or regulatory action, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
our ability to obtain the required permits and approvals to explore for, develop and operate mines and to successfully operate near communities in the jurisdictions in which we operate depends in part on our ability to develop, operate and close mines in a manner that is consistent with the creation of social and economic benefits in the surrounding communities, which may or may not be required by law. our ability to obtain permits and approvals and to operate near certain communities may be adversely impacted by real or perceived detrimental events associated with our activities or those of other mining companies affecting the environment, health and safety of communities in which we operate. key permits and approvals may be revoked or suspended or may be adjusted in a manner that adversely affects our operations, including our ability to explore or develop properties, commence production or continue operations.
mining companies are increasingly required to consider and provide benefits to the communities and countries in which they operate in order to maintain operations.
as a result of public concern about the real or perceived detrimental effects of economic globalization and global climate impacts, businesses generally and large multinational corporations in natural resources industries, such as newmont, in particular, face increasing public scrutiny of their activities. these businesses are under pressure to demonstrate that, as they seek to generate satisfactory returns on investment to shareholders, other stakeholders, including employees, governments, communities surrounding operations and the countries in which they operate, benefit and will continue to benefit from their commercial activities. such pressures tend to be particularly focused on companies whose activities are perceived to have a high impact on their social and physical environment. in ghana, for instance, a number of community related demonstrations occurred during 2018 and 2019 in response to the perceived impacts of our operations on the land and on fairness of compensation. similarly, a number of community based groups continue pressuring the company for additional benefits related to jobs, training and benefit sharing. the company is seeking mechanisms for dialogue to understand concerns and address impacts and benefits in a transparent and participatory manner. in mexico, operations at our peñasquito mine were suspended several times between april and october of 2019 following blockades by community members pressuring the company for enhanced access to the local water supply among other benefits. the potential consequences of these pressures include operational disruption, reputational damage, legal suits, increasing social investment obligations to communities and pressure to increase taxes and royalties payable to governments.
our operations are subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations governing worker health and safety across our operating regions and our failure to comply with applicable legal requirements can result in substantial penalties. future changes in applicable laws, regulations, permits and approvals or changes in their enforcement or regulatory interpretation could substantially increase costs to achieve compliance, lead to the revocation of existing or future exploration or mining rights or otherwise have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position.
for instance, the operation of our mines in the united states is subject to regulation by the u.s. mine safety and health administration ("msha") under the federal mine safety and health act of 1977 (the "mine act"). msha inspects our mines on a regular basis and issues various citations and orders when it believes a violation has occurred under the mine act. over the past several years msha has significantly increased the numbers of citations and orders charged against mining operations and increased the dollar penalties assessed for citations issued. if msha inspections result in an alleged violation, we may be subject to fines, penalties or sanctions and our mining operations could be subject to temporary or extended closures. msha issued fines, penalties or sanctions and mandated temporary or extended closures could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. see exhibit 95 to this report for additional information regarding certain msha orders and citations issued during the year ended december 31, 2019.
we have implemented a management system designed to promote health and safety, environmental performance and community relations. however, we nevertheless in 2018 experienced seven fatalities, six at our operations in ghana and one in nevada, which involved subsequent investigations by ghana's mineral commission and the msha, respectively. our ability to operate (including the effect of any impact on our workforce) and thus, our results of operations and our financial position (including because of potential related fines and sanctions), could be adversely affected by accidents or events detrimental (or perceived to be detrimental) to the health and safety of our employees, the environment or the communities in which we operate.
our exploration, development, mining and processing operations are subject to extensive laws and regulations governing land use and the protection of the environment, which generally apply to air and water quality, protection of endangered, protected or other specified species, hazardous waste management and reclamation. some of the countries in which we operate have implemented, and are developing, laws and regulations related to climate change and greenhouse gas emissions. we have made, and expect to make in the future, significant expenditures to comply with such laws and regulations. compliance with these laws and regulations imposes substantial costs and burdens, and can cause delays in obtaining, or failure to obtain, government permits and approvals which may adversely impact our closure processes and operations.
increased global attention or regulation on consumption of water by industrial activities, as well as water quality discharge, and on restricting or prohibiting the use of cyanide and other hazardous substances in processing activities could similarly have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position due to increased compliance and input costs.
producing gold is an energy-intensive business, resulting in a significant carbon footprint. energy costs account for approximately twenty percent of our overall operating costs, with our principal energy sources being purchased electricity, diesel fuel, gasoline, natural gas and coal. such costs are increasing with increasing use of energy at our mines as certain operations, like borden, move towards electrification of the mine.
a number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating regulatory changes in response to the potential impacts of climate change that are viewed as the result of emissions from the combustion of carbon-based fuels. at the 21st conference of the parties of the united nations framework convention on climate change ("unfcc") held in paris in 2015, the paris agreement was adopted which was intended to govern emission reductions beyond 2020. the paris agreement went into effect in november 2016 when countries that produce at least 55% of the world's greenhouse gas emissions ratified the agreement. while there are no immediate impacts to business from the paris agreement, the goal of limiting global warming to "well below 2o c" will be taken up at national levels. industrialized nations (e.g., australia) are likely to implement national emission reduction targets that require an investment shift towards low carbon technologies and systems, shifting away from coal and diesel power generation. the temperature change goal implies a move to net zero greenhouse gas emissions from energy use and industrial activities by 2050 to 2060. the relevant details of the shift towards low carbon technologies are defined in the national plans, which will need further definition in new rules from each country by 2020. the u.s. has announced the intention to withdraw from the paris agreement, which begins a lengthy process that will not be completed until november 2020. inconsistent implementation or significant delay in the implementation of the paris agreement is likely to increase the risk for future swings in regulatory impacts and rapid shifts to low carbon technologies.
some of the countries in which we operate have implemented, and are developing, laws and regulations related to climate change and greenhouse gas emissions. in december 2009, the united states environmental protection agency ("epa") issued an endangerment finding under the u.s. clean air act that current and projected concentrations of certain mixed greenhouse gases, including carbon dioxide, in the atmosphere threaten the public health and welfare. in australia the emissions reduction fund legislation, safeguard mechanism rule 2015 came into effect on july 1, 2016. facilities that exceed the baseline mandated by the law in future years are required to purchase australian carbon credit units ("accus"). canada mandated a $10 per tonne carbon tax that incrementally increases to $50 per tonne in 2022. additionally, australia and various u.s. jurisdictions have renewable portfolio standards that add renewable energy fees to purchases of electricity.
legislation and increased regulation and requirements regarding climate change are resulting in increased costs on us, our venture partners and our suppliers, including increased energy, capital equipment, environmental monitoring and reporting and other costs to comply with such regulations. the potential physical impacts of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain, and would be particular to the geographic circumstances in areas in which we operate. these may include changes in rainfall and storm patterns and intensities, water shortages, changing sea levels and changing temperatures. operations that rely on national hydro-
our company and the mining industry are facing continued geotechnical challenges, which could adversely impact our production and profitability.
newmont and the mining industry are facing continued geotechnical challenges due to the older age of certain of our mines and a trend toward mining deeper pits and more complex deposits. this leads to higher pit walls, more complex underground environments and increased exposure to geotechnical instability and hydrological impacts. as our operations are maturing, the open pits at many of our sites are getting deeper and we have experienced certain geotechnical failures at some of our mines, including, without limitation, at our operations in australia, ghana, peru, colorado and at ngm, in nevada. for example, pit failures at the silverstar pit and gold quarry pit of the carlin mine in nevada, part of ngm. see also the risk factor under the heading "mining companies are increasingly required to consider and provide benefits to the communities and countries in which they operate, and are subject to extensive environmental, health and safety laws and regulations" earlier in this section.
unanticipated adverse geotechnical and hydrological conditions, may occur. for example, seismic activity, such as seismic activity experienced at our éléonore mine, surface or underground fires, such as the underground conveyor belt fire that resulted in a shutdown of the musselwhite mine facility in march of 2019, and floods, landslides and pit wall failures, can be difficult to predict. such conditions are often affected by risks and hazards outside of our control, such as severe weather and considerable rainfall, which may lead to periodic floods, mudslides, wall instability and seismic activity, which may result in slippage of material. such events may not be detected in advance.
in addition, newmont has numerous operational and closed tailings impoundments in a variety of climatic and topographic settings. in 2019, the company managed and placed approximately 170 million tonnes of tailings. the failure of tailings dam and storage facilities and other impoundments at our mining sites could cause severe, and in some cases catastrophic, property and environmental damage and loss of life. for example, in early 2019, the extractive industry experienced a large scale tailings dam failure at an unaffiliated mine, which resulted in numerous fatalities and caused extensive property, environmental and reputational damage. recognizing this risk, newmont continues to review our existing practices. however, no assurance can be given that these events will not occur in the future. see also the risk factor under the heading "we may experience increased costs or losses resulting from the hazards and uncertainties associated with mining" earlier in this section.
geotechnical or tailings storage facility failures could result in limited or restricted access to mine sites, suspension of operations, government investigations, increased monitoring costs, remediation costs and other impacts, which could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position.
shortages of critical parts and equipment may adversely affect our operations and development projects.
the mining industry has been impacted, from time to time, by increased demand for critical resources such as input commodities, drilling equipment, trucks, shovels and tires. these shortages have, at times, impacted the efficiency of our operations, and resulted in cost increases and delays in construction of projects; thereby impacting operating costs, capital expenditures and production and construction schedules.
exploration, development, production and mine closure activities are subject to regional, political, economic, community and other risks of doing business in multiple jurisdictions, including:
●   potential instability of foreign governments and changes in government policies, including relating to or in response to changes of u.s. laws or foreign policies;
●   restrictions on the ability to pay dividends offshore or to otherwise repatriate funds;
●   restrictions on the ability of local operating companies to sell gold and other metals offshore for u.s. dollars, or on the ability of such companies to hold u.s. dollars or other foreign currencies in offshore bank accounts;
●   disadvantages relating to submission to the jurisdiction of foreign courts or arbitration panels or enforcement or appeals of judgments at foreign courts or arbitration panels against a sovereign nation within its own territory;
●   royalty and tax increases or claims, including retroactive increases and claims and requests to renegotiate terms of existing investment agreements, contracts of work, leases, royalties and taxes, by governmental entities, including such increases, claims and/or requests by the governments of argentina, australia, canada, chile, the dominican republic, ghana, mexico, peru, suriname, the state of colorado and the state of nevada in the u.s.;
●   changes in laws or regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including in changes resulting from changes in political administrations;
●   fines, fees, and sanctions imposed for failure to comply with the laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate;
●   risk of loss due to inability to access our properties or operations;
●   other risks arising out of foreign sovereignty over the areas in which our operations are conducted, including risks inherent in contracts with government owned entities such as unilateral cancellation or renegotiation of contracts, licenses or other mining rights;
●   delays in obtaining or renewing, or the inability to obtain, maintain or renew, necessary governmental permits, mining or operating leases and other agreements and/or approvals;
●   risk of loss due to civil strife, acts of war, guerrilla activities, insurrection and terrorism;
●   claims for increased mineral royalties or ownership interests by local or indigenous communities;
●   risk of loss due to criminal activities such as trespass, blockade, local artisanal or illegal mining, theft and vandalism;
●   disadvantages of competing against companies from countries that are not subject to the rigorous laws and regulations of the u.s. or other jurisdictions, including without limitation, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act and the dodd-frank act;
●   increases in training and other costs and challenges relating to requirements by governmental entities to employ the nationals of the country in which a particular operation is located;
●   currency fluctuations, particularly in countries with high inflation;
●   increases in costs relating to, or restrictions or prohibitions on, the use of ports for concentrate storage and shipping, such as in relation to our boddington operation where use of alternative ports is not currently economical, or in relation to our ability to procure economically feasible ports for developing projects;
●   risk of disruption, damage or failure of information technology systems, and risk of loss and operational delays due to impacts to operational technology systems, such as due to cyber-attacks, malicious software computer viruses, security breaches, design failures and natural disasters;
●   risk of loss due to disease, such as malaria or the zika virus, and other potential medical endemic or pandemic issues, such as ebola or coronavirus, as a results of the potential related impact to employees, disruption to operations, supply chain delays, trade restrictions and impact on economic activity in affected countries or regions; and
●   disadvantage and risk of loss due to the limitations of certain local health systems and infrastructure to contain diseases and potential endemic health issues.
consequently, our exploration, development and production activities may be affected by these and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, some of which could materially adversely affect our financial position or results of operations.
we have operations and conduct business in a number of jurisdictions, which may increase our susceptibility to sudden tax changes. for instance, a new 12% export duty was imposed by the argentine government in 2018, revised down to 8% thereafter, which could affect our argentine operations. in the province of santa cruz, argentina, a new local procurement law was passed requiring extractive industries to procure at least 50% of their goods and services from registered local providers, which could further impact our operational results. in the state of zacatecas in mexico new environmental taxes became effective in 2017 with little direction as to how the taxes are to be calculated. see note 32 to our consolidated financial statements under the heading "commitments and contingencies - state of zacatecas' ecological tax." taxation laws and other regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate are complex, subject to varying interpretations and applications by the relevant tax authorities and subject to changes and revisions in the ordinary course. any unexpected taxes imposed on us could have a material and adverse impact on our company.
changes in mining or investment policies or shifts in political and social attitudes in the jurisdictions in which we operate may adversely affect our operations or profitability.
our operations may be affected in a number of ways by laws and regulations related, but not limited to: restrictions on production; price controls; export controls; import restrictions, such as restrictions applicable to, among other things, equipment, services and supplies, currency remittance, income taxes, expropriation of property, foreign investment, maintenance of mineral claims, environmental legislation, land use, surface land access, land claims of local communities, water use, and mine safety. failure to comply strictly with applicable laws, regulations and local practices relating to mineral right applications and tenure could result in loss, reduction or expropriation of entitlements, or the imposition of additional local or foreign parties as partners with carried or other interests, any of which may adversely affect our operations or profitability.
in addition, as governments continue to struggle with deficits and concerns over the potential and actual effects of depressed economic conditions, many of them have targeted the mining and metals sector in order to raise revenue. governments are continually assessing the fiscal terms of the economic rent for a mining company to exploit resources in their countries. numerous countries have implemented changes to their mining regimes that reflect increased government control over or participation in the mining sector, including, but not limited to, changes of law affecting foreign ownership and takeovers, mandatory government participation in mining enterprises, taxation and royalties, working conditions, rates of exchange, exchange controls, exploration licensing, export duties, repatriation of income or return of capital, environmental protection, as well as requirements intended to boost the local economy, including usage of local goods and employment of local and community staff or contractors, among other benefits to be provided to local residents. the effects of the various requirements and uncertainties related to the economic risks of operating in foreign jurisdictions cannot be accurately predicted and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.
our operations at yanacocha and the development of our conga project in peru are subject to political and social unrest risks.
minera yanacocha s.r.l. ("yanacocha"), in which we own a 51.35% interest, and whose properties include the mining operations at yanacocha and the conga project in peru, has been the target of local political and community protests, some of which blocked the road between the yanacocha mine and conga project complexes and the city of cajamarca in peru and resulted in vandalism and equipment damage. while recently roadblocks and protests have diminished and focused on local political activism and labor disputes, we cannot predict whether similar or more significant incidents will occur in the future. the recurrence of significant political or community opposition or protests could continue to adversely affect the conga project's development and the continued operation of yanacocha.
construction activities on our conga project were suspended on november 30, 2011, at the request of peru's central government following protests in cajamarca by anti-mining activists led by the regional president. at the request of the peruvian central government, the environmental impact assessment prepared in connection with the project was reviewed by independent experts in an effort to resolve allegations around the environmental viability of conga. this review concluded that the environmental impact assessment complied with international standards and provided recommendations to improve water management. nevertheless, under the current social and political environment, we do not anticipate being able to develop conga for five or more years. due to the uncertainty surrounding the project's development, we have allocated our exploration and development capital to other projects, and the conga project is currently in care and maintenance. should we be unable to develop the conga project or conclude that future development is not in the best interest of the business, we may have to consider other alternatives for the project, which may result in a future impairment charge.
the central government of peru continued to support responsible mining as a vehicle for the growth and future development of peru in 2019. however, we are unable to predict whether the central government will continue to take similar positions in the future. previous regional governments of cajamarca and other political parties actively opposed the conga project in the past. we are unable to predict the positions that will be taken in the future and whether such positions or changes in law will affect yanacocha or conga. such changes may include increased labor regulations, environmental and other regulatory requirements, and additional taxes and royalties, as well as future protests, community demands and road blockages. we cannot predict future positions of either the central or regional government on foreign investment, mining concessions, land tenure or other regulation. any change in government positions or laws on these issues could adversely affect the assets and operations of yanacocha or conga, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. additionally, the inability to develop conga or operate at yanacocha could have an adverse impact on our growth and production in the region.
in addition, in 2015, the peruvian government agency responsible for certain environmental regulations, the ministry of the environment ("minam"), issued water quality criteria and standards for designated beneficial uses which apply to mining companies, including yanacocha. these criteria modify the in-stream water quality criteria pursuant to which yanacocha has been designing water treatment processes and infrastructure. in response in february 2017, yanacocha submitted its proposed modification to the previously approved environmental impact assessment to the mining ministry ("minem"), which remained under review in 2019 and evaluation is expected in 2020. after approval, minem may allow up to three years to develop and implement the modifications to the water management system. in the event yanacocha is unsuccessful in implementing the modifications in compliance with the new regulations and deadlines, it could result in fines and penalties relating to potential intermittent non-compliant exceedances. in addition, if accepted, the treatment options may result in increased costs. these impacts may adversely impact the future cost and financial performance of our operations in peru.
our merian operation in suriname is subject to political and economic risks.
we hold a 75% interest in the merian gold mine in the mid-eastern part of suriname. political instability and uncertainty regarding the future of the surinamese government may present risks for our operations in suriname. in november, 2019 a criminal court found the current president of suriname guilty of murder in absentia for the 1982 execution of 15 political opponents. the court sentenced him to 20 years in prison, though it has not served an arrest warrant and it remains unclear whether he will serve jail time. opposition parties called for the president to step down, while the president and his allies dismissed the court's decision as politically motivated. the president objected to the verdict and publicly called upon his supporters to accompany him to the court in late january, 2020, which has been criticized by non-governmental organizations and his political opponents as an unlawful intimidation of the court and its judges. the court decision and its outcome take place against the backdrop of upcoming national elections in may, 2020.
operations and development in suriname are governed by a mineral agreement with the republic of suriname. the mineral agreement was approved by parliament and requires approval by parliament to change. the government may request changes to the agreement in the future. while the government is generally considered by the company to be mining friendly, it is possible that the current or future government may adopt substantially different policies, make changes in taxation treatment or regulations, take arbitrary action which might halt operations, increase costs, or otherwise impact mining and exploration rights and/or permits, any of which could have a material and adverse effect on the company's future cash flows, earnings, results of operations and/or financial condition.
the government of suriname previously exercised an option to participate in a fully-funded 25 percent equity ownership stake in merian. suriname manages its participation through staatsolie maatschappij suriname n.v. ("staatsolie"), a surinamese corporation that is wholly owned by the government. if staatsolie does not have sufficient funds or borrowing ability to make their capital commitments in accordance with the terms of the partnership agreement our operations in suriname could be impacted. see the
risk factor under the heading "future funding requirements may affect our business, our ability to pay cash dividends or our ability to engage in share repurchase transactions." earlier in this section under "risks related to our business".
artisanal and illegal miners have been active on, or adjacent to, the merian mine in recent years. see the risk factor under the heading "illegal mining and artisanal mining occurs on or adjacent to certain of our properties exposing such sites to security risks" earlier in this "risk factors" section for additional information.
our operations at ahafo and akyem in ghana are subject to political, economic and other risks.
newmont operates in ghana pursuant to a revised investment agreement ratified by ghana's parliament in 2015, which established a fixed fiscal and legal regime, including fixed royalty and tax rates, for newmont operations in ghana, to 2025 for ahafo and 2027 for akyem. however, since early 2018, and to address budgetary pressures, the government of ghana has initiated measures to mobilize additional revenue from the mining industry and other sectors of the economy as it attempts to increase revenue collection through various tax investigations, proposed new fees and other vehicles. there has also been an increase in anti-mining sentiment in ghana on the back of claims of the industry is not contributing its fair share to national development. these events may result in government claims that extra revenue is owed them by the company and other mining companies operating in ghana, resulting in increased revenue and tax initiatives.
on december 24, 2018, two individual plaintiffs, who are members of the ghana parliament, filed a writ to invoke the original jurisdiction of the supreme court of ghana. on january 16, 2019, these plaintiffs filed documents outlining the details of the their case and served our operations in ghana along with the other named defendants, the attorney general of ghana, the minerals commission of ghana and 33 other mining companies with interests in ghana. the plaintiffs allege that the mining company defendants are not entitled to carry out any exploitation of minerals or other natural resources in ghana, unless their respective transactions, contracts or concessions are ratified by the parliament of ghana. our current mining leases are both previously ratified by parliament (our june 13, 2001 mining lease was ratified by parliament on october 21, 2008 and our january 19, 2010 mining lease was ratified by parliament on december 3, 2015). the writ alleges that any mineral exploitation prior to parliament ratification is unconstitutional. the plaintiffs seek several remedies including an injunction precluding exploitation of minerals by any mining company without prior parliament ratification, and declaration that all revenue as a result of violation of the constitution should be recovered via cash equivalent. a new high court suit was filed in december, 2019 by different plaintiffs that repeats all of the pleadings raised in the supreme court case and seeks a declaration that financial gains were obtained illegally and an injunction to restrain the defendants from mining activity. an adverse decision in these matters could affect our business and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position.
the peñasquito mine is subject to transportation risks that could have a negative impact on our ability to operate that mine.
concentrates containing combinations of gold, silver, zinc and lead are produced in large quantities at the peñasquito mine and loaded onto highway road vehicles for transport to in-country smelters or to sea ports for export to foreign smelters in markets such as asia, europe and north america. this type of process involves a high level of environmental and financial risk. we could be subject to potential significant increases in road and maritime transportation charges and treatment and refining charges. transportation of such concentrate is also subject to numerous risks including, but not limited to, delays in delivery of shipments, road blocks, terrorism, theft, weather conditions and environmental liabilities in the event of an accident or spill. we could be subject to limited smelter availability and capacity and could also face the risk of a potential interruption of business from a third party beyond our control, which in both cases could have a material adverse effect on our operations and revenues. smelting, refining or transportation contracts for the peñasquito mine's products may also not be entered into on acceptable terms or at all.
as an example of transportation risk, production was halted for part of 2019 at our peñasquito mine operations due to contractor and community blockades. production stopped from april to june and from mid-september into october, finally reopening on october 8 with support of the state and federal governments, including an ongoing police presence. further blockades could affect our operations and revenues from our peñasquito mine operations.
various areas in mexico are affected by persistent violence and crime. incidents of criminal activity, trespass, theft and vandalism have occasionally affected our employees and contractors at our peñasquito mine located in north-central mexico. security incidents, in the future, may have a material adverse effect on our operations, including reclamation activities, especially if criminal activity and violence continue to escalate. in addition, our response to criminal activities can give rise to additional risks should they not be carried out consistently with international standards relating to the use of force and respect for human rights. such incidents
may halt or delay production, increase operating costs; result in harm to employees, contractors, visitors or community members; decrease operational efficiency due to employee absenteeism and other factors; increase community tensions or otherwise adversely affect our ability to conduct business.
article 27 of the mexican constitution and subsequent legislation established the "ejido" and communal landholding as forms of land tenure in mexico. ejidos are structured as communities or townships with internal administration and surveillance boards. ejido property is land granted by the mexican government to individuals for agricultural and ranching purposes that may exist either for the exclusive use of an individual beneficiary (the "parcels"), or for the common benefit of the ejido (the "communal land"), both subject to the mexican agrarian law. there are more than 20 ejido communities in the vicinity of our mexican mining operations and ejido lands cover most of the lands used by us for our current mining operations at our peñasquito mine and nearby exploration activities. we enter into temporary occupation agreements ranging from five to 30 years with the ejido communities, which allow us to use the surface of the lands for our mining operations. in mexico, mining rights that are covered under a concession do not include direct ownership or possession rights over the surface, or surface access, and at any particular time we may be involved in negotiations with various ejido communities to enter into new temporary occupation agreements or other surface access agreements or amend existing agreements. failure to reach new agreements or disputes regarding existing agreements may cause, blockades, suspension of operations, delays to projects, and on occasion, may lead to legal disputes.
our operations in argentina are susceptible to risk as a result of economic and political instability in argentina and labor unrest.
there continue to be risks relating to the uncertain and unpredictable political and economic environment in argentina, especially at the provincial level in santa cruz where our cerro negro mine is located. inflation remains a challenge in argentina, with the level of inflation during 2019 reaching 53.8%, the highest since 1991. in september, 2019, argentina's central bank enacted a number of temporary foreign currency controls (valid until december 31, 2019) in an effort to stabilize the local currency. in december, 2019, the foreign exchange controls regime was extended beyond 2019 and no time was established for its expiration.  for information on argentina's foreign currency controls and their effect on our operations, see the sections titled "results of consolidated operations" and "foreign currency exchange rates" in item 7, management's discussion and analysis of consolidated financial condition and results of operations. maintaining operating revenues in argentine pesos could expose us to the risks of peso devaluation and high domestic inflation.
the economic environment in the province of santa cruz has improved during 2019, although it continues to be fragile. in december 2019, the new national government suspended financial covenants that had been agreed in 2017. while the suspension of financial covenants may reduce economic and social disruption in the province, we cannot predict whether future disruptions may occur. disruptions may include roadblocks by local communities and unions that could adversely affect access to, and operations at, the cerro negro mine.
in addition, during 2019 and 2020, we experienced work stoppages by miners represented by unions at the cerro negro mine. issues may arise in the future with the unions at the cerro negro mine that could lead to material disruptions that adversely affect our operations at the cerro negro mine.
risks related to our common stock the price of our common stock may be volatile, which may make it difficult for you to resell the common stock when you want or at prices you find attractive.
the market price and volume of our common stock may be subject to significant fluctuations due not only to general stock market conditions but also to a change in sentiment in the market regarding our operations, business prospects or liquidity. among the factors that could affect the price of our common stock are: (i) changes in gold, and to a lesser extent, silver, copper, zinc or lead prices; (ii) operating and financial performance that vary from the expectations of management, securities analysts and investors or our financial outlook; (iii) developments in our business or in the mining sector generally; (iv) regulatory changes affecting our industry generally or our business and operations; (v) the operating and stock price performance of companies that investors consider to be comparable to us; (vi) announcements of strategic developments, acquisitions and other material events by us or our competitors; (vii) our ability to integrate and operate the companies and the businesses that we acquire; (viii) response to activism; and (ix) changes in global financial markets and global economies and general market conditions, such as interest or foreign exchange rates, stock, commodity, credit or asset valuations or volatility.
the stock markets in general have experienced extreme volatility that has at times been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. these broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock.
holders of our common stock are entitled to receive only such dividends as our board of directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. we are incorporated in delaware and governed by the delaware general corporation law. delaware law allows a corporation to pay dividends only out of surplus, as determined under delaware law or, if there is no surplus, out of net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend was declared and for the preceding fiscal year. under delaware law, however, we cannot pay dividends out of net profits if, after we pay the dividend, our capital would be less than the capital represented by the outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets. our ability to pay dividends will be subject to our future earnings, capital requirements and financial condition, as well as our compliance with covenants and financial ratios related to existing or future indebtedness. although we have historically declared cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to declare cash dividends on our common stock and our board of directors may modify the dividend policy or reduce, defer or eliminate our common stock dividend in the future.
item 7.       management's discussion and analysis of consolidated financial condition and results of operations (dollars in millions, except per share, per ounce and per pound amounts)
the following management's discussion and analysis ("md&a") provides information that management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of newmont corporation, formerly newmont goldcorp corporation and newmont mining corporation, and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, "newmont," the "company," "our" and "we"). we use certain non-gaap financial measures in our md&a. for a detailed description of each of the non-gaap measures used in this md&a, please see the discussion under non-gaap financial measures beginning on page 78. this item should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in this annual report.
the following md&a generally discusses our consolidated financial condition and results of operations for 2019 and 2018 and year-to-year comparisons between 2019 and 2018. discussions of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations for 2017 and year-to-year comparisons between 2018 and 2017 included in item 7, management's discussion and analysis of consolidated financial condition and results of operations, in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2018, filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 21, 2019, are incorporated by reference into this md&a.
overview newmont is the world's leading gold company and is the only gold company included in the s&p 500 index and fortune 500. we have been included in the dow jones sustainability index-world for 13 consecutive years and have adopted the world gold council's conflict-free gold policy. we are engaged in the exploration for and acquisition of gold and copper properties. we have significant operations and/or assets in the united states ("u.s."), canada, mexico, dominican republic, peru, suriname, argentina, chile, australia and ghana.
on january 14, 2019, the company entered into a definitive agreement (as amended by the first amendment to the arrangement agreement, dated as of february 19, 2019, the "arrangement agreement") to acquire all outstanding shares of goldcorp, inc. ("goldcorp"), an ontario corporation. on april 18, 2019 ("acquisition date"), pursuant to the arrangement agreement, newmont completed the business acquisition of goldcorp. under the terms of the arrangement agreement, the company acquired all outstanding common shares of goldcorp in a primarily stock transaction (the "newmont goldcorp transaction") for total cash and non-cash consideration of $9,456. results of the newmont goldcorp transaction within this report are included for the period april 18 to december 31, 2019, unless otherwise indicated. for further information, see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
on march 10, 2019, the company entered into an implementation agreement with barrick gold corporation ("barrick") to establish a joint venture ("nevada jv agreement"). on july 1, 2019 (the "effective date"), newmont and barrick consummated the nevada jv agreement and established nevada gold mines llc ("ngm"), which combined certain mining operations and assets located in nevada, and certain of barrick's nevada mining operations and assets. in connection with the closing of the nevada jv agreement, newmont and barrick entered into an amended and restated limited liability company agreement of ngm, which is the primary operating document governing ngm. pursuant to the terms of the nevada jv agreement, newmont and barrick hold economic interests in the joint venture equal to 38.5% and 61.5%, respectively. barrick acts as the operator of ngm with overall management responsibility and is subject to the supervision and direction of ngm's board of managers, which is comprised of two managers appointed by newmont and three managers appointed by barrick. newmont and barrick have an equal number of representatives on ngm's technical, exploration and finance advisory committees. the following discussion and analysis, the consolidated financial results, results of operations, liquidity and financial conditions are presented based on our 38.5% proportionate share, unless otherwise indicated. for further information, see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
we continue to focus on improving safety and efficiency at our operations, maintaining leading environmental, social and governance practices, and sustaining our global portfolio of longer-life, lower cost mines to generate the financial flexibility we need to strategically reinvest in the business, strengthen the company's investment-grade balance sheet and return cash to shareholders.
assets held for sale in the fourth quarter of 2019, we entered into a binding agreement to sell the red lake complex in ontario, canada to evolution mining limited ("evolution"). pursuant to the terms of the agreement, upon closing the transaction we will receive proceeds of $375 in cash, adjusted for normal working capital movements, with contingent payments of up to an additional $100 tied to new mineralization discoveries over a fifteen year period.
in the fourth quarter of 2019, we entered into a binding agreement to sell our 50% interest in kalgoorlie consolidated gold mines ("kalgoorlie"), included as part of our australia segment, to northern star resources limited ("northern star"). we completed the sale on january 2, 2020, and pursuant to the terms of the agreement, received proceeds of $800, including $25 that gives northern star specified exploration tenements, transitional services support and an option to negotiate exclusively for 120 days the purchase of our kalgoorlie power business for fair market value.
the details of our sales are set forth below. see note 6 to our consolidated financial statement for additional information.
the silver sales during the year ended december 31, 2019 are associated with production at peñasquito resulting from the newmont goldcorp transaction. silver sales at all other newmont operations are recognized as a by-product credit to costs applicable to sales. see results of consolidated operations below.
the lead sales during the year ended december 31, 2019 are associated with production at peñasquito resulting from the newmont goldcorp transaction. see results of consolidated operations below.
the zinc sales during the year ended december 31, 2019 are associated with production at peñasquito resulting from the newmont goldcorp transaction. see results of consolidated operations below.
the details of our costs applicable to sales are set forth below. see note 5 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
costs applicable to sales increased in 2019, compared to 2018, primarily due to new production associated with the newmont goldcorp transaction, partially offset by lower stockpile and leach pad inventory adjustments.
the details of our depreciation and amortization are set forth below. see note 5 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
depreciation and amortization increased in 2019, compared to 2018, primarily due to new production associated with the newmont goldcorp transaction and higher amortization rates driven by the increase in fair value of the goldcorp and ngm assets, partially offset by lower leach pad and stockpile inventory adjustments.
reclamation and remediation expense was $280, $163 and $192 in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. reclamation and remediation expense increased in 2019, compared to 2018, primarily due to increased water management costs at yanacocha, an update of the project cost estimates at the dawn, mule canyon and northumberland sites, increased water management costs at the con mine and higher reclamation and remediation costs from the newmont goldcorp transaction.
for additional information about proven and probable reserves proven and probable reserves in item 2, properties.
advanced projects, research and development expense includes development project management costs, feasibility studies and other project expenses that do not qualify for capitalization. advanced projects, research and development expense was $150, $153, and $143 in 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively. advanced projects, research and development expense decreased slightly in 2019, compared to 2018, primarily due to lower spending associated with the yanacocha sulfides project and lower spend in nevada due to the formation of ngm which was mostly offset by increased spending related to the newmont goldcorp transaction and at various projects in africa.
impairment of long-lived assets was $5, $369 and $14 in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. impairment of long-lived assets decreased in 2019, compared to 2018, primarily due to the impairment of long-lived assets at certain exploration properties and the emigrant operation in nevada, due to the company's decision to focus on advancing other projects and a change in mine plan resulting in a significant decrease in mine life at emigrant, in the prior year, offset by non-cash write downs of obsolete assets at south america, africa and corporate and other in 2019.
services associated with the newmont goldcorp transaction and legal and hostile defense fees, investment banking fees and severance costs associated with the formation of ngm.
gain on formation of nevada gold mines was $2,390 in 2019, and represents the difference between the fair value of our 38.5% interest in ngm and the carrying value of the nevada mining operations contributed on july 1, 2019. for additional information regarding the formation of ngm, see note 4 to our consolidated financial statement.
other income, net was $327, $155 and $54 in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. other income, net increased in 2019, compared to 2018, primarily due to unrealized holding gains on investments, lower impairments of investments in 2019, pension and other post-employment benefit curtailment gains and business interruption insurance proceeds related to the musselwhite fire, offset by a decrease in gain on investments sales resulting from the exchange of certain royalty interests for cash consideration and an equity ownership and warrants in maverix metals inc. ("maverix") in june 2018 and foreign currency losses in 2019 compared to gains in 2018.
interest expense, net was $301, $207 and $241 in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. capitalized interest totaled $26, $37 and $22 in each year, respectively. interest expense, net increased in 2019 compared to 2018 primarily due to increased debt balances as a result of the newmont goldcorp transaction.
income and mining tax expense was $832, $386 and $1,127 in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the effective tax rate is driven by a number of factors and the comparability of our income tax expense for the reported periods has been primarily affected by (i) variations in our income before income taxes; (ii) geographic distribution of that income; (iii) impacts of the changes in tax law; (iv) valuation allowances on tax assets; (v) percentage depletion; (vi) fluctuation in the value of the united states dollar and foreign currencies; (vii) and the impact of specific transactions and assessments. as a result, the effective tax rate will fluctuate, sometimes significantly, year to year. this trend is expected to continue in future periods.
income tax               federal and                                                                                  income tax              federal and income                effective                  (benefit)                state cash            mining cash               income             effective                 (benefit)               state cash            mining cash
(1)   represents income (loss) from continuing operations by geographic location before income taxes and equity in affiliates. these amounts will not reconcile to the segment information for the reasons stated in note 5.
(2)   includes deduction for percentage depletion of $(49) and $(39) and mining taxes net of associated federal benefit of $19 and $18, respectively.
(5)   includes valuation allowance of $(310) and $150, expense related to the amendment of the 2014 u.s. federal income tax return and related carryback claims of $150 and $-, the expiration of capital loss carryover of $34 and $-, uncertain tax position reserve adjustment of $34 and $-, and sab 118 adjustments of $- and $(48), respectively.
(6)   includes mining taxes net of associated federal benefit of $48 and $36 and valuation allowance of $1 and $(45), respectively.
(7)   includes mining taxes net of associated federal benefit of $12 and $9 and valuation allowance of $23 and $20, respectively.
(8)   includes mining taxes net of associated federal benefit of $12 and $-, uncertain tax position reserve adjustment of $6 and $(34), valuation allowance of $(14) and $(7), and tax impacts from the exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency of $7 and $-, respectively.
(9)   includes uncertain tax position reserve adjustment of $25 and $-, valuation allowance of $13 and $-, and tax impacts from the exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency of $(10) and $-, respectively.
(10)   includes uncertain tax position reserve adjustments of $1 and $- and tax impacts from the exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency of $(91) and $-, respectively.
for additional information regarding our income and mining taxes, including details of our deferred tax assets, see note 11 to our consolidated financial statements.
equity income (loss) of affiliates was $95, $(33) and $(16) in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the increase in 2019 is primarily due to income from the pueblo viejo mine of $124, an equity method investment acquired in the newmont goldcorp transaction. since the acquisition date and on an attributable basis, earnings before income, taxes and depreciation and amortization ("pueblo viejo ebitda") related to the pueblo viejo mine was $245, based on 287,000 ounces of attributable gold production during the period. pueblo viejo ebitda is a non-gaap financial measure. see non-gaap financial measures beginning on page 78. for additional information regarding our equity income (loss) of affiliates, see note 12.
net income (loss) from discontinued operations was $(72), $61 and $(38) in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the decrease in 2019 from 2018 was primarily due to the increase in the holt royalty obligation driven by a decrease in discount rate and an increase in gold price, partially offset by an expected decrease in production from prior periods. for additional information regarding our discontinued operations, see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
other comprehensive income (loss) was $19, $(11) and $42 in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the increase in 2019 from 2018 was primarily due to an increased impact from cash flow hedge instruments and foreign currency translation adjustments, partially offset by the change in pension and other post-retirement benefits.
attributable gold from equity method investments (7)                      (ounces in thousands)
(4)   for the year ended 2019, the peñasquito mine in north america produced 15,860 thousand ounces of silver, 108 million pounds of lead and 187 million pounds of zinc. the peñasquito mine in north america was acquired during the second quarter of 2019 as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction.
(7)   income and expenses of equity method investments are included in equity income (loss) of affiliates. refer to note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our equity method investments.
●   new production in north america at éléonore, porcupine, peñasquito and red lake following the completion of the newmont goldcorp transaction, partially offset by lower ore grade milled and lower leach production at cc&amp;v;
●   lower production from australia due to lower ore grade milled at kalgoorlie and boddington, partially offset by higher mill throughput at tanami. the lower ore grade milled at kalgoorlie was a result of lower ore grade mined and reduced ore tons mined from the pit due to geotechnical challenges;
●   attributable gold production at ngm was 710,000 ounces since its formation on july 1, 2019. the carlin, phoenix, twin creeks and long canyon mine sites in nevada were included in the transaction with barrick, establishing ngm.
consolidated gold equivalent ounce - other metals production increased 164% primarily due to new production at peñasquito in north america, partially offset by the classification of copper produced at phoenix in nevada as a by-product following the formation of ngm and lower ore grade milled at boddington in australia. production at peñasquito was impacted by the operation being placed into care and maintenance for 49 days in the first half and 25 days in the second half of 2019 following community-led blockades.
costs applicable to sales per consolidated gold ounce increased 2% primarily due to unfavorable stripping and higher gold price driven royalties, partially offset by higher gold ounces sold and lower stockpile and leach pad inventory adjustments. costs applicable to sales per consolidated gold equivalent ounce - other metals increased 10% primarily due to a high unit cost produced at peñasquito as a result of the blockades, in addition to higher stockpile inventory adjustments and higher mobile equipment maintenance costs at boddington in australia.
depreciation and amortization per gold ounce increased 29% primarily due to higher amortization rates from asset additions including new assets acquired following the completion of the newmont goldcorp transaction and formation of ngm, partially offset by higher gold ounces sold and lower stockpile and leach pad inventory adjustments. depreciation and amortization per consolidated gold equivalent ounce - other metals increased 80% primarily due to higher amortization rates from asset additions including new assets acquired at peñasquito following the completion of the newmont goldcorp transaction.
all-in sustaining costs per consolidated gold ounce increased 6% primarily due to higher sustaining capital spend and higher costs applicable to sales per gold ounce. all-in sustaining costs per gold equivalent ounce - other metals increased 31% primarily due to higher sustaining capital, higher treatment and refining cost and higher costs applicable to sales per gold equivalent ounce - other metals.
musselwhite                                      3          -             -               2,248             -              -             4,912             -              -              8,174             -              -
peñasquito                                     129          -             -                 803             -              -               301             -              -              1,100             -              -
peñasquito (4)                                 443          -             -          $886              $-             $-            $342              $-             $-            $1,339             $-             $-
(4)   for the year ended december 31, 2019, peñasquito produced 15,860 thousand ounces of silver, 108 million pounds of lead and 187 million pounds of zinc. the peñasquito mine was acquired during the second quarter of 2019 as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction.
red lake, canada. gold production at red lake was 113,000 gold ounces since the completion of the acquisition of the red lake mine site as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction. production and cost metrics this year reflected on-going ramp up of mining at cochenour, which achieved commercial production on april 1, 2019 and a temporary pause in mining at the cochenour complex while buttress work was completed to strengthen controls against potential water ingress. mining resumed in october 2019 following the completion of the work. in the fourth quarter of 2019, we entered into a binding agreement to sell the red lake complex. the transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2020. refer to note 5 for further information on the assets held for sale.
musselwhite, canada. gold production at musselwhite was limited to 3,000 gold ounces since the completion of the acquisition of the musselwhite mine site as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction. there was no gold production in the second half of 2019 following a conveyor fire in march 2019. musselwhite resumed mining activities in the third quarter of 2019 and will continue stockpiling ore mined until processing activities are restarted, which is expected in the first half of 2020. since the fire, we collected $125 in insurance proceeds related to the conveyor fire of which $41 was recognized as an offset to the abnormal costs applicable to sales.
porcupine, canada. gold production at porcupine was 223,000 gold ounces since the completion of the acquisition of the porcupine mine site as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction. production and cost metrics this year were impacted negatively by the lower proportion of tons mined at hoyle pond, the highest-grade contributor to porcupine, and costs related to early production at borden, which achieved commercial production on october 1, 2019.
éléonore, canada. gold production at éléonore was 246,000 gold ounces since the completion of the acquisition of the éléonore mine site as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction. production and cost metrics this year were impacted positively by the commencement of mining from horizon 5, with increased tonnages offsetting lower grade based on the mining sequence.
peñasquito, mexico. gold and gold equivalent ounces - other metals production at peñasquito were 129,000 gold ounces and 443,000 gold equivalent ounces - other metals, respectively, since the completion of the acquisition of the peñasquito mine as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction. production and cost metrics were impacted negatively by the operation being placed into care and maintenance for 49 days in the first half and 25 days in the second half of 2019 due to blockades.
attributable gold from equity method investments (5)                      (ounces in thousands)
(4)   in december 2017, yanacocha repurchased a 5% interest held by the international finance corporation, increasing newmont's ownership in yanacocha from 51.35% to 54.05% as of december 31, 2017. in june 2018, yanacocha sold a 5% ownership interest to a subsidiary of sumitomo corporation, reducing newmont's ownership from 54.05% to 51.35%. see note 14 to our consolidated financial statements.
(5)   income and expenses of equity method investments are included in equity income (loss) of affiliates. refer to note 12 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our equity method investments.
yanacocha, peru. gold production increased 2% primarily due to higher leach production, partially offset by lower mill throughput and ore grade milled. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce decreased 7% primarily due to lower stockpile and leach pad inventory adjustments partially offset by lower by-product credits from the sale of copper and silver concentrates. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce increased 3% primarily due to higher amortization rates as a result of quecher main achieving commercial production in the fourth quarter of 2019. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce decreased 1% primarily due to the lower costs applicable to sales per gold ounce, partially offset by higher sustaining capital and reclamation costs.
merian, suriname. gold production decreased 2% primarily due to lower ore grade milled, lower recovery and a lower draw-down of in-circuit inventory as compared to last year, partially offset by higher mill throughput. cost applicable to sales per gold ounce increased 10% primarily due to an unfavorable strip ratio and higher gold-price driven royalties. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce increased 6% primarily due to higher amortization rates from asset additions. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce increased 10% primarily due to higher costs applicable to sales per gold ounce.
cerro negro, argentina. gold production at cerro negro was 334,000 gold ounces since the completion of the acquisition of cerro negro as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction. production and cost metrics this year were impacted positively by higher tonnages from mariana norte offsetting lower grade based on the mining sequence.
pueblo viejo, dominican republic. gold production at pueblo viejo was 287,000 gold ounces on an attributable basis since the completion of the acquisition of our interest in the pueblo viejo mine site as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction. refer to note 12 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our equity method investments.
boddington, australia. gold production decreased 1% primarily due to lower ore grade milled and lower throughput, partially offset by higher recovery. gold equivalent ounce - other metals production decreased 12% primarily due to lower ore grade milled. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce increased 3% primarily due to lower gold ounces sold, higher stockpile inventory adjustments and higher mobile equipment maintenance costs, partially offset by a favorable australian dollar foreign currency exchange rate. costs applicable to sales per gold equivalent ounce - other metals increased 6% primarily due to lower gold equivalent ounces-other metals sold, higher stockpile inventory adjustments and higher mobile equipment maintenance costs, partially offset by a favorable australian dollar foreign currency exchange rate. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce increased 6% primarily due to higher stockpile inventory adjustments. depreciation and amortization per gold equivalent ounce - other metals increased 9% primarily due to lower gold equivalent ounces - other metals sold and higher stockpile inventory adjustments. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce increased 6% primarily due to higher costs applicable to sales per gold ounce and higher sustaining capital spend. all-in sustaining costs per gold equivalent ounce - other metals increased 6% primarily due to higher costs applicable to sales per gold equivalent ounce - other metals and higher sustaining capital spend.
tanami, australia. gold production increased 1% primarily due to higher mill throughput, partially offset by lower ore grade milled. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce decreased 10% primarily due to lower energy costs as a result of the tanami power plant, higher allocation of costs to deferred mine development and a favorable australian dollar foreign currency exchange rate. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce increased 29% primarily due to incremental depreciation from the tanami power plant achieving commercial production in the first quarter of 2019. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce decreased 6% primarily due to lower costs applicable to sales per gold ounce, partially offset by higher sustaining capital spend.
kalgoorlie, australia. gold production decreased 28% primarily due to lower ore grade milled and lower throughput. the lower ore grade milled was a result of lower ore grade mined and lower ore tons mined from the pit due to geotechnical challenges. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce increased 31% primarily due to lower gold ounces sold and an unfavorable strip ratio, partially offset by a favorable australian dollar foreign currency exchange rate. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce increased 57% primarily due to lower gold ounces sold and higher amortization rates as a result of asset additions. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce increased 37% primarily due to higher costs applicable to sales per gold ounce and higher sustaining capital spend. the company entered into a binding agreement to sell its 50% interest in kalgoorlie. the sale was completed on january 2, 2020. refer to note 5 for further information on the assets held for sale.
ahafo, ghana. gold production increased 47% primarily due to higher ore grade milled and mill throughput. the higher mill throughput was partially due to the ahafo mill expansion project achieving commercial production in the fourth quarter of 2019. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce decreased 16% primarily due to higher gold ounces sold and lower stockpile inventory adjustments, partially offset by higher gold-price driven royalties. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce increased 5% primarily due to higher amortization rates from asset additions, partially offset by higher gold ounces sold and lower stockpile inventory adjustments. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce sold decreased 5% primarily due to lower costs applicable to sales per gold ounce, partially offset by higher sustaining capital spend.
akyem, ghana. gold production increased 2% primarily due to higher mill throughput and ore grade milled partially offset by lower recovery. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce increased 2% primarily due to higher gold-price driven royalties and higher equipment maintenance costs, partially offset by lower stockpile inventory adjustments. in december 2019, akyem declared a dividend of $90 entitling the government of ghana to a payment of $10 included in royalties. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce decreased 2% primarily due to lower stockpile inventory adjustments. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce increased 2% primarily due to reclamation costs and costs applicable to sales per gold ounce, partially offset by lower sustaining capital spend.
(4)   for the year ended 2019, 2018 and 2017, the phoenix mine produced 15 million, 32 million and 33 million pounds of copper, respectively. the phoenix mine site was contributed to ngm effective july 1, 2019, at which point copper became a by-product.
nevada gold mines. attributable gold production at nevada gold mines was 710,000 gold ounces since its formation on july 1, 2019. during the second half of 2019, efforts were focused on achieving synergies and optimizing the operations. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce reflects the fair value of assets upon the formation of ngm. refer to note 4 for further discussion on the formation of ngm.
carlin, usa. the carlin mine site was included in the formation of ngm. gold production decreased by 56% primarily due to only six months of operations in 2019 as compared to a full year in 2018. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce increased 4% primarily due to lower mill throughput rates and ore grade milled as a result of the annual mill 6 outage in the first half of 2019. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce increased 10% primarily due to lower gold ounces sold and asset additions. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce was 5% higher primarily due to higher costs applicable to sales per gold ounce.
phoenix, usa. the phoenix mine site was included in the formation of ngm. gold production decreased by 60% primarily due to only six months of operations in 2019 as compared to a full year in 2018. gold equivalent ounces - other metals production decreased 50% primarily due to six months of operations in 2019 as compared to a full year in 2018. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce increased 15% primarily due to lower mill throughput rates and ore grade processed, in addition to higher concentrate inventory adjustments. costs applicable to sales per gold equivalent ounce - other metals decreased 11% primarily due to higher ore grade milled. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce increased 40% primarily due to higher amortization rates as a result of lower reserve life. depreciation and amortization per gold equivalent ounce - other metals increased 7% primarily due to higher amortization rates as a result of lower reserve life. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce increased 10% primarily due to higher costs applicable to sales per gold ounce partially offset by lower sustaining capital spend on a per ounce basis. all-in sustaining costs per gold equivalent ounce - other metals decreased 14% primarily due to lower costs applicable to sales per gold ounce and lower sustaining capital spend.
twin creeks, usa. the twin creeks mine site was included in the formation of ngm. gold production decreased 53% primarily due to six months of operations in 2019 as compared to a full year in 2018. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce decreased 4% primarily due to lower stockpile and leach pad inventory adjustments. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce was in line with the prior year. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce decreased 2% primarily due to lower costs applicable to sales per gold ounce partially offset by higher sustaining capital spend on per ounce basis.
long canyon, usa. the long canyon mine site was included in the formation of ngm. gold production decreased 44% primarily due to six months of operations in 2019 as compared to a full year in 2018. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce decreased 11% primarily due to proportionately higher leach production as a result of timing of leach recoveries. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce decreased 16% primarily due to the proportionately higher leach production. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce decreased 8% primarily due to lower costs applicable to sales per gold ounce partially offset by higher sustaining capital spend on per ounce basis.
foreign currency exchange rates our foreign operations sell their gold, copper, silver, lead and zinc production based on u.s. dollar metal prices. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates do not have a material impact on our revenue since gold, copper, silver, lead and zinc are sold throughout the world in u.s. dollars. despite selling gold and silver in london, we have no exposure to the euro or the british pound.
foreign currency exchange rates can increase or decrease profits to the extent costs are paid in foreign currencies, including the australian dollar, the peruvian sol, the surinamese dollar, the canadian dollar, the mexican peso and the argentine peso. approximately 43%, 33% and 32% of our costs applicable to sales were paid in currencies other than the u.s. dollar in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, including approximately 21% denominated in the australian dollar and 9% denominated in the canadian dollar in the current year. variations in the local currency exchange rates in relation to the u.s. dollar at our foreign mining operations decreased costs applicable to sales by $13 per ounce, net of hedging losses, in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily in australia.
our cerro negro mine, which was acquired as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction and located in argentina, is a u.s. dollar functional currency entity. on september 1, 2019, argentina's central bank enacted a number of temporary foreign currency controls in an effort to stabilize the local currency ("currency controls"). these currency controls include conversion requirements of export proceeds to local currency, limits on banks' use of foreign currency, restrictions on individuals' foreign currency purchases, and the reintroduction of affidavits to verify foreign currency transactions comply with regulations. argentina has also been considered a hyperinflationary environment with a cumulative inflation rate of over 100% for the last three years. since the currency controls were enacted, the company is required to convert metal sales proceeds to the argentine peso within five business days from receipt of cash at cerro negro and obtain central bank approval for any dividends or distributions to the parent company. while we have balances denominated in argentine pesos that relate to accounts payable and employee-related liabilities and tax receivables and liabilities, the majority of cerro negro's activity has historically been denominated in u.s. dollars. additionally, a component of the deferred tax liability is carried in argentine pesos, which is impacted by fluctuations in the argentine peso exchange rate. the currency controls did not have a significant impact on our financial statements in 2019. we have been successful in distributing cash
from cerro negro through registered intercompany debt and do not expect the currency controls to have a significant impact on our liquidity.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity overview we have a disciplined cash management strategy of maintaining financial flexibility to execute our capital priorities and provide long-term value to our shareholders. consistent with that strategy, we aim to self-fund development projects and make strategic partnerships focused on profitable growth, while reducing our debt and returning cash to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends.
at december 31, 2019, we had $2,243 in cash and cash equivalents, of which $1,186 was held in foreign subsidiaries and is primarily held in u.s dollar denominated accounts with the remainder in foreign currencies readily convertible to u.s. dollars. at december 31, 2019, $407 of the consolidated cash and cash equivalents was attributable to noncontrolling interests primarily related to our peru and suriname operations, which is being held to fund those operations. at december 31, 2019, $1,034 in consolidated cash and cash equivalents ($636 attributable to newmont) was held at certain foreign subsidiaries that, if repatriated, may be subject to withholding taxes. we expect that there would be no additional tax burden upon repatriation after considering the cash cost associated with the withholding taxes. we believe that our liquidity and capital resources from u.s. operations are adequate to fund our u.s. operations and corporate activities.
we believe our existing consolidated cash and cash equivalents, available capacity on our revolving credit facility, and cash generated from continuing operations will be adequate to satisfy working capital needs, fund future growth, meet debt obligations, pay dividends and meet other liquidity requirements for the foreseeable future. at december 31, 2019, no borrowings were outstanding under our revolving credit facility.
our financial position was as follows:
borrowing capacity on revolving credit facility       $2,940                  $2,914
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of continuing operations         $2,876              $1,837              $2,139
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of discontinued operations              (10)                (10)               (15)
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                  $2,866              $1,827              $2,124
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                  $(1,226)            $(1,177)            $(946)
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                  $(2,777)            $(455)              $(668)
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of continuing operations was $2,876 in 2019, an increase of $1,039 from 2018 primarily due to higher sales from the newmont goldcorp transaction and a higher average realized gold price, partially offset
by amounts paid for newmont goldcorp transaction and integration costs, costs incurred for the nevada jv agreement transaction and integration costs, higher interest payments due to higher debt balances and costs incurred while the peñasquito and musselwhite mines were not operational.
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities was $(1,226) in 2019, an increase in cash used of $49 from 2018, primarily due to additions to property, plant and mine development in 2019 driven by higher capital expenditures on sustaining capital and higher purchases of investments during the year ended 2019, primarily related to the acquisition of convertible debt issued by continental gold, inc. and marketable securities, partially offset by cash acquired in the newmont goldcorp transaction, return of investment from equity method investees of $132 in 2019 related to pueblo viejo, higher proceeds from sales of investments and $20 in proceeds from the sale of exploration properties in nevada in 2019.
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities was $(2,777) in 2019, an increase in cash used of $2,322 from 2018, primarily due to the repayment of a term loan and revolving credit facility acquired in the newmont goldcorp transaction totaling $1,250, repayment of the 2019 senior notes totaling $626, higher dividends paid to common stockholders due to the payment of a one-time special dividend of $470 and an increase in the number of shares outstanding beginning in the second quarter of 2019, higher repurchases of common stock, higher payments on lease and other financing obligations and higher net distributions to noncontrolling interests, partially offset by net proceeds of $690 from the issuance of the 2029 senior notes in 2019.
capital expenditures cash generated from operations is used to execute our capital priorities, which include sustaining and developing our global portfolio of long-lived assets. we consider sustaining capital as those capital expenditures that are necessary to maintain current production and execute the current mine plan. capital expenditures to develop new operations, or related to projects at existing operations where those projects will materially benefit the operation, are considered non-sustaining or development capital. in addition, with the successful consummation of the newmont goldcorp transaction, the company is focused on reprioritization of development projects in its pipeline to ensure that it executes on its capital priorities and provides long-term value to shareholders. the company's decision to reprioritize or abandon a development project could result in a future impairment charge.
for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, we had additions to property, plant and mine development as follows:
development         sustaining                          development         sustaining                          development         sustaining projects            capital             total           projects            capital             total           projects            capital             total north america                                     $81                 $295                $376            $-                  $29                 $29             $-                  $33                 $33
for the year ended december 31, 2019, development projects included borden, musselwhite materials handling and éléonore lower mine material handling system in north america; quecher main and yanacocha sulfides in south america; tanami expansion 2 in australia; ahafo north, subika underground and ahafo mill expansion in africa; and goldrush complex and turquoise ridge 3rd shaft in nevada. for the year ended december 31, 2018, development projects included quecher main and the merian crusher in south america; tanami expansion 2 in australia; ahafo north, subika underground and ahafo mill expansion in africa; and twin creeks underground in nevada. for the year ended december 31, 2017, development projects included the merian crusher and quecher main in south america; tanami expansions in australia; subika underground and ahafo mill expansion in africa; and twin creeks underground and long canyon in nevada.
for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, sustaining capital included the following:
●   north america. capital expenditures primarily related to surface and underground mine development, tailings facility construction, mining equipment and capitalized component purchases;
●   south america. capital expenditures primarily related to capitalized component purchases, mining equipment, reserve drilling conversion, underground mine development, tailings facility construction and infrastructure improvements;
●   australia. capital expenditures primarily related to equipment and capitalized component purchases, underground mine development and tailings and support facilities;
●   africa. capital expenditures primarily related to underground mine development, tailings facility construction, capitalized component purchases and tailings facility expansion; and
●   nevada. capital expenditures primarily related to surface and underground mine development, tailings facility construction and capitalized component purchases.
during 2019, 2018 and 2017, $112, $117 and $77, respectively, of drilling and related costs were capitalized and included in mine development costs. these capitalized costs included $23 at north america, $20 at south america, $51 at australia, $11 at africa and $7 at nevada in 2019; $3 at north america, $13 at south america, $66 at australia, $8 at africa and $27 at nevada in 2018 and, $1 at north america, $6 at south america, $44 at australia, $5 at africa and $21 at nevada in 2017.
during 2019, 2018 and 2017, $43, $40 and $11, respectively, of pre-stripping costs were capitalized and included in mine development costs. pre-stripping costs included the quecher main project at yanacocha in south america and south arturo in nevada in 2019; the quecher main project at yanacocha in south america and globe hill at cc&v in north america in 2018; and globe hill at cc&v in north america and the goldstar pit at carlin in nevada in 2017.
additionally, in 2019, we completed the tanami power project in australia which included the construction of a gas pipeline to the tanami site, and construction and operation of two on-site power stations. the gas pipeline and two on-site power stations qualify as finance leases with lease obligations of $189, of which $26 was current as of december 31, 2019. these leases qualified as build-to-suit leases with financing obligations under the build-to-suit arrangements of $210 and $14 as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, of which $24 and $- was current as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
refer to note 5 to our consolidated financial statements and part ii, item 7 non-gaap financial measures all-in sustaining costs for further information.
debt and corporate revolving credit facilities in september 2019, we completed a public offering of $700 unsecured senior notes due october 2029 ("2029 notes"). net proceeds from the 2029 notes were $690. the proceeds from this issuance were primarily used to repay the outstanding balance on the 2019 senior notes of $626 on october 1, 2019.
on april 4, 2019, we entered into a $3,000 revolving credit facility ("new credit agreement") with a syndicate of financial institutions that expires in april 2024. the new credit agreement provides for borrowings in u.s. dollars and contains a letter of credit sub-facility. facility fees vary based on the credit ratings of our senior, uncollateralized, non-current debt. borrowings under the facility bear interest at a market based rate plus a margin determined by our credit rating. the new credit agreement replaces our existing credit agreement dated as of may 20, 2011, as amended and restated as of may 25, 2017 ("existing credit agreement"). outstanding letters of credit under the existing credit agreement were transferred to the new credit agreement debt covenants under the new credit agreement are substantially the same as the existing credit agreement.
upon closing of the newmont goldcorp transaction, we paid the outstanding principal balances of goldcorp's term loan of $400 and goldcorp's revolving credit facility of $850. additionally, we completed a like-for-like exchange for most of the outstanding notes issued by goldcorp ("existing goldcorp notes"), with an aggregate principal amount of $2,000, for new notes issued by newmont (the "new newmont notes") and nominal cash consideration. the new newmont notes, issued april 22, 2019, and the existing goldcorp notes that were not tendered for exchange, consist of $472 and $78 of 3.625% notes due june 9, 2021, $810 and $190 of 3.70% notes due march 15, 2023 and $444 and $6 of 5.45% notes due june 9, 2044, respectively. pursuant to registration rights issued with the new newmont notes, the company filed form s-4 on june 28, 2019, which was declared effective on july 9, 2019. the exchange for the registered notes was completed on august 9, 2019.
debt covenants our senior notes and revolving credit facility contain various covenants and default provisions including payment defaults, limitation on liens, leases, sales and leaseback agreements and merger restrictions. furthermore, our senior notes and corporate
revolving credit facility contain covenants that include, limiting the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, certain change of control provisions and a negative pledge on certain assets.
the corporate revolving credit facility contains a financial ratio covenant requiring us to maintain a net debt (total debt net of cash and cash equivalents) to total capitalization ratio of less than or equal to 62.50% in addition to the covenants noted above.
at december 31, 2019 and 2018, we were in compliance with all debt covenants and provisions related to potential defaults.
shelf registration statement in september 2018, we filed with the sec a shelf registration statement on form s-3 which enables us to issue an indeterminate number or amount of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, guarantees of debt securities and warrants from time to time at indeterminate prices, subject to the limitations of the delaware general corporation law, our certification of incorporation and our bylaws. it also included the resale of an indeterminate amount of common stock, preferred stock and debt securities from time to time upon exercise of warrants or conversion of convertible securities.
remediation and reclamation liabilities (2)                   4,797               173               533               332              3,759
employee-related benefits (3)                                 1,315               434               212               139                530
uncertain income tax liabilities and interest (4)               462               462                 -                 -                  -
(2)   mining operations are subject to extensive environmental regulations in the jurisdictions in which they operate. pursuant to environmental regulations, we are required to close our operations and reclaim and remediate the lands that operations have disturbed. the estimated undiscounted cash outflows of these reclamation and remediation liabilities are reflected here. for more information regarding reclamation and remediation liabilities, see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
(3)   contractual obligations for employee-related benefits include severance, workers' participation, pension and other benefit plans. pension plan benefit payments beyond 2029 cannot be reasonably estimated given variable market conditions and actuarial assumptions and are not included.
(4)   we are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of our uncertain income tax liabilities and interest payments beyond 2020 due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions.
(6)   purchase obligations are not recorded in the consolidated financial statements. purchase obligations represent contractual obligations for purchase of power, materials and supplies, consumables, inventories and capital projects.
(7)   other includes service contracts and other obligations not recorded in our consolidated financial statements, as well as the holt royalty obligation accrued in other current liabilities and other non-current liabilities and the norte abierto and galore creek deferred payment obligations accrued in other non-current liabilities.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have off-balance sheet arrangements of $1,924 of outstanding surety bonds, bank letters of credit and bank guarantees (see note 32 to the consolidated financial statements). at december 31, 2019, $60 of the $3,000 corporate revolving credit facility was used to secure the issuance of letters of credit, primarily supporting reclamation obligations.
environmental our mining and exploration activities are subject to various federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment. we have made, and expect to make in the future, expenditures to comply with such laws and regulations, but cannot predict the full amount of such future expenditures. we perform a comprehensive review of our reclamation and remediation liabilities
annually and review changes in facts and circumstances associated with these obligations at least quarterly. at december 31, 2019 and 2018, $3,334 and $2,316, respectively, were accrued for reclamation costs relating to currently or recently producing or development stage mineral properties, of which $125 and $65, respectively, were classified as current liabilities. included in our environmental liabilities as at december 31, 2019 is $882 relating to the newmont goldcorp transaction that closed on april 18, 2019. the formation of ngm resulted in a net decrease of $49 to our reclamation liabilities. refer to notes 3 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the newmont goldcorp transaction and the formation of ngm, respectively. as newmont reached a definitive agreement for the sale of the red lake and kalgoorlie assets, the related reclamation obligations were classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2019. refer to note 5 of our consolidated financial statements for further information.
in addition, we are involved in several matters concerning environmental obligations associated with former, primarily historic, mining activities. based upon our best estimate of our liability for these matters, $299 and $279 were accrued for such obligations at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, of which $44 and $49, respectively, were classified as current liabilities. we spent $31, $39 and $44 during 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively, for environmental obligations related to the former mining activities. expenditures during 2019 primarily related to increased water management costs at yanacocha, updated project costs estimates at dawn, mule canyon and northumberland sites, increased water management costs at the con mine and higher reclamation and remediation costs from the newmont goldcorp transaction. expenditures during 2018 relate primarily to project spending at the midnite mine site and dawn mill site in washington state.
during the year ended 2019, 2018, and 2017, capital expenditures were approximately $65, $81, and $78, respectively, to comply with environmental regulations.
for more information on the company's reclamation and remediation liabilities, see notes 7, 25 and 32 to the consolidated financial statements.
forward-looking statements the foregoing discussion and analysis, as well as certain information contained elsewhere in this annual report, contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, and are intended to be covered by the safe harbor created thereby. for a more detailed discussion of risks and other factors that might impact forward-looking statements and other important information about forward-looking statements, see the discussion in forward-looking statements in item 1, business and item 1a, risk factors.
non-gaap financial measures non-gaap financial measures are intended to provide additional information only and do not have any standard meaning prescribed by u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). these measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with gaap. unless otherwise noted, we present the non-gaap financial measures of our continuing operations in the tables below. for additional information regarding our discontinued operations, see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization and adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization management uses earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") and ebitda adjusted for non-core or certain items that have a disproportionate impact on our results for a particular period ("adjusted ebitda") as non-gaap measures to evaluate the company's operating performance. ebitda and adjusted ebitda do not represent, and should not be considered an alternative to, net income (loss), operating income (loss), or cash flow from operations as those terms are defined by gaap, and do not necessarily indicate whether cash flows will be sufficient to fund cash needs. although adjusted ebitda and similar measures are frequently used as measures of operations and the ability to meet debt service requirements by other companies, our calculation of adjusted ebitda is not necessarily comparable to such other similarly titled captions of other companies. the company believes that adjusted ebitda provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board of directors. management's determination of the components of adjusted ebitda are evaluated periodically and based, in part, on a review of non-gaap financial measures used by mining industry analysts. net income (loss) attributable to newmont stockholders is reconciled to ebitda and adjusted ebitda as follows:
equity loss (income) of affiliates                                       (95)                  33                  16
income and mining tax expense (benefit)                                   832                 386               1,127
ebitda                                                           $5,954               $2,160              $2,574
emigrant leach pad write-down (11)                                          -                  22                   -
acquisition cost adjustments (12)                                           -                   -                   2
adjusted ebitda                                                  $3,734               $2,584              $2,650
(1)   for additional information regarding our discontinued operations, see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
(2)   gain on formation of nevada gold mines represents the difference between the fair value of our 38.5% interest in ngm and the carrying value of the nevada mining operations contributed. for additional information regarding ngm, see note 4 to our consolidated financial statements.
(4)   change in fair value of investments, included in other income, net, primarily represents unrealized holding gains and losses on marketable equity securities and our investment instruments in continental gold inc. for additional information regarding our investment in continental, see note 20 to our consolidated financial statements.
(5)   reclamation and remediation charges, included in reclamation and remediation, represent revisions to reclamation and remediation plans and cost estimates at the company's former historic mining operations. the 2019 charges include updated water management costs for operations no longer in production at the yanacocha mine, updated project cost estimates at the mule canyon and northumberland mine sites and a review of the project cost estimates at the midnite and dawn remediation site, as well as increased water management costs at the con mine. the 2018 charges include adjustments at the idarado, lone tree and rain remediation and closure sites. the 2017 charges include adjustments at the
rain, midnite, resurrection and san luis remediation and closure sites in december 2017. for additional information regarding reclamation and remediation charges, see note 7 to our consolidated financial statements.
(6)   loss (gain) on asset and investment sales, included in other income, net, primarily represents a gain on the sale of exploration land in 2019, a gain from the exchange of certain royalty interests for cash consideration and an equity ownership and warrants in maverix in 2018 and a gain from the exchange of our interest in the fort á la corne joint venture for equity ownership in star diamond corporation ("star diamond"), formerly known as shore gold inc. ("shore gold") in 2017.
(8)   restructuring and other, net included in other expense, net, primarily represents certain costs, unrelated to the newmont goldcorp transaction or the formation of ngm, associated with severance and employee-related benefits, and legal and other settlements of $12, $20, $14. restructuring and other, net included in other income, net, primarily represents net pension curtailment gains of ($20), $-, $-.
(9)   impairment of long-lived assets, included in impairment of long-lived assets, represents non-cash write-downs of long-lived assets. impairments include $366 related to long-lived assets in nevada in 2018. see note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
(11)   the emigrant leach pad write-down, included in costs applicable to sales, represents a write-down to reduce the carrying value of the leach pad to net realizable value at emigrant due to a change in mine plan resulting in a significant decrease in mine life in 2018.
(12)   acquisition cost adjustments, included in other expense, net, represent net adjustments to the contingent consideration and related liabilities associated with the acquisition of the final 33.33% interest in boddington in june 2009.
additionally, the company uses pueblo viejo ebitda as a non-gaap measure to evaluate the operating performance of its investment in the pueblo viejo mine. pueblo viejo ebitda does not represent, and should not be considered an alternative to, equity income (loss) of affiliates, as defined by gaap, and does not necessarily indicate whether cash distributions from pueblo viejo will match pueblo viejo ebitda or earnings from affiliates. although the company has the ability to exert significant influence, it does not have direct control over the operations or resulting revenues and expenses, nor does it proportionately consolidate its investment in pueblo viejo. the company believes that pueblo viejo ebitda provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating the operating results of its investment in pueblo viejo, in the same manner as management and the board of directors. equity income (loss) of affiliates is reconciled to pueblo viejo ebitda as follows:
equity income (loss) of affiliates (1)                               $95                $(33)              $(16)
equity income (loss) of affiliates, excluding pueblo viejo (1)             (29)               (33)               (16)
equity income (loss) of affiliates, pueblo viejo (1)                        124               -                  -
income and mining tax benefit (expense)                                      69               -                  -
pueblo viejo ebitda                                                  $245               $-                 $-
management uses adjusted net income (loss) to evaluate the company's operating performance and for planning and forecasting future business operations. the company believes the use of adjusted net income (loss) allows investors and analysts to understand the results of the continuing operations of the company and its direct and indirect subsidiaries relating to the sale of products, by excluding certain items that have a disproportionate impact on our results for a particular period. adjustments to continuing operations are presented before tax and net of our partners' noncontrolling interests, when applicable. the tax effect of adjustments is presented in the tax effect of adjustments line and is calculated using the applicable regional tax rate. management's determination of the components of adjusted net income (loss) are evaluated periodically and based, in part, on a review of non-gaap financial measures used by mining industry analysts. net income (loss) attributable to newmont stockholders is reconciled to adjusted net income (loss) as follows:
(2)   for additional information regarding our discontinued operations, see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
(3)   gain on formation of nevada gold mines represents the difference between the fair value of our 38.5% interest in ngm and the carrying value of the nevada mining operations contributed. for additional information regarding ngm, see note 4 to our consolidated financial statements.
(5)   change in fair value of investments, included in other income, net, primarily represents unrealized holding gains and losses on marketable equity securities and our investment instruments in continental gold inc. for additional information regarding our investment in continental, see note 20 to our consolidated financial statements.
(6)   reclamation and remediation charges, net, included in reclamation and remediation, represent revisions to remediation plans at the company's former historic mining operations, including adjustments related to updated water management costs for operations no longer in production at the yanacocha mine, updated project cost estimates at the mule canyon and northumberland mine sites and a review of the project cost estimates at the midnite and dawn remediation site, as well as increased water management costs at the con mine. amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(21). for additional information regarding reclamation and remediation charges, see note 7 to our consolidated financial statements.
(9)   restructuring and other, net, included in other expense, net, primarily represents certain costs, unrelated to the newmont goldcorp transaction or the formation of ngm, associated with severance and employee-related benefits, and legal and other settlements of $12. restructuring and other, net included in other income, net, primarily represents net pension curtailment gains of ($20). amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(1).
(10)   impairment of long-lived assets, net, included in impairment of long-lived assets, represents non-cash write-downs of long-lived assets. amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(1).
(12)   the tax effect of adjustments, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), represents the tax effect of adjustments in footnotes (3) through (11), as described above, and are calculated using the applicable regional tax rate.
(13)   valuation allowance and other tax adjustments, net, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), is recorded for items such as foreign tax credits, alternative minimum tax credits, capital losses, disallowed foreign losses, and the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. the adjustment is due to a net increase or (decrease) to net operating losses, tax credit carryovers and other deferred tax assets subject to valuation allowance of $(262), the effects of changes in foreign exchange rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities of $(95), the effects related to the amendment of the 2014 u.s. federal income tax return and related carrybacks of $150, additions to the reserve for uncertain tax positions of $70, the expiration of u.s. capital loss carryovers of $34, and other tax adjustments of $28. amounts is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(9).
(14)   adjusted net income (loss) per diluted share is calculated using diluted common shares, which are calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap.
emigrant leach pad write-down (7)                                                                  29                 0.05                 0.05
(2)   for additional information regarding our discontinued operations, see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
(3)   impairment of long-lived assets, included in impairment of long-lived assets, represents non-cash write-downs of long-lived assets. the amount includes $366 related to long-lived assets in nevada in 2018. see note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
(4)   loss (gain) on asset and investment sales, included in other income, net, primarily represents a gain from the exchange of certain royalty interests for cash consideration and an equity ownership and warrants in maverix.
(5)   change in fair value of investments, included in other income, net, primarily represents unrealized holding gains and losses on marketable equity securities and our investment instruments in continental gold inc.
(7)   the emigrant leach pad write-down, included in costs applicable to sales and depreciation and amortization, represents a write-down to reduce the carrying value of the leach pad to net realizable value at emigrant due to a change in mine plan resulting in a significant decrease in mine life.
(8)   reclamation and remediation charges, included in reclamation and remediation, represent revisions to reclamation and remediation plans and cost estimates at the company's former mining operations, including adjustments at the idarado, lone tree and rain remediation and closure sites.
(9)   restructuring and other, net, included in other expense, net, primarily represents certain costs associated with severance, legal and other settlements. amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(4).
(10)   the tax effect of adjustments, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), represents the tax effect of adjustments in footnotes (3) through (9), as described above, and are calculated using the applicable regional tax rate.
(11)   re-measurement due to the tax cuts and jobs act, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), represents the re-measurement of our u.s. deferred tax assets and liabilities from 35% to the reduced tax rate of 21%. amount reflects the final adjustments to the provisional re-measurement expense.
(12)   tax restructuring related to the tax cuts and jobs act, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), represents changes resulting from restructuring our holding of non-u.s. operations for u.s. federal income tax purposes. amount reflects the final adjustments to the provisional restructuring charge.
(13)   valuation allowance and other tax adjustments, net, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), predominantly represent adjustments to remove the impact of our valuation allowances for items such as foreign tax credits, alternative minimum tax credits, capital losses and disallowed foreign losses. we believe that these valuation allowances cause significant fluctuations in our financial results that are not indicative of our underlying financial performance. the adjustments during 2018 are due to an increase to the valuation allowance on u.s. net operating losses, credit carryovers, and other u.s. deferred tax assets of $191, other tax adjustments of $(3), and a decrease to the valuation allowance on u.s. capital losses of $(15). amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(15).
(14)   adjusted net income (loss) per diluted share is calculated using diluted common shares, which are calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap.
acquisition cost adjustments (7)                                                                   2                    -                    -
adjustment to equity method investment (9)                                                         7                 0.01                 0.01
(2)   for additional information regarding our discontinued operations, see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
(3)   reclamation and remediation charges, included in reclamation and remediation, represent revisions to reclamation and remediation plans and cost estimates at the company's former historic mining operations, including adjustments at the rain, midnite, resurrection and san luis remediation and closure sites.
(4)   loss (gain) on asset and investment sales, included in other income, net, primarily represents a gain from the exchange of our interest in the fort á la corne joint venture for equity ownership in star diamond, formerly known as shore gold.
(5)   impairment of long-lived assets, net, included in impairment of long-lived assets, represents non-cash write-downs of long-lived assets. amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(1).
(6)   restructuring and other, net, included in other expense, net, primarily represents certain costs associated with severance, legal and other settlements. amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(5).
(7)   acquisition cost adjustments, included in other expense, net, represent net adjustments to the contingent consideration and related liabilities associated with the acquisition of the final 33.33% interest in boddington in 2009.
(8)   the tax effect of adjustments, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), represents the tax effect of adjustments in footnotes (3) through (7), as described above, and are calculated using the applicable regional tax rate.
(9)   adjustment to equity method investment, included in equity income (loss) of affiliates and presented net of tax expense (benefit) of $(3), represents non-cash write-downs of long-lived assets recorded at minera la zanja s.r.l. ("la zanja").
(10)   re-measurement due to the tax cuts and jobs act, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), represents the re-measurement of our u.s. deferred tax assets and liabilities from 35% to the reduced tax rate of 21%. the amount includes the provisional adjustments of $352 and $8 for changes in executive compensation deductions, partially offset by the release of a valuation allowance on alternative minimum tax credits of $48.
(11)   tax restructuring related to the tax cuts and jobs act, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), represents changes resulting from restructuring our holding of non-u.s. operations for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
(12)   valuation allowance and other tax adjustments, net, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), predominantly represent adjustments to remove the impact of our valuation allowances for items such as foreign tax credits, alternative minimum tax credits, capital losses and disallowed foreign losses. we believe that these valuation allowances cause significant fluctuations in our financial results that are not indicative of our underlying financial performance. the adjustments during 2017 are due to an increase to the valuation allowance on credit carryovers of $94, a decrease to the valuation allowance carried on the deferred tax asset for investments of $10 and other tax adjustments of $7.
(13)   adjusted net income (loss) per diluted share is calculated using diluted common shares, which are calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap.
free cash flow management uses free cash flow as a non-gaap measure to analyze cash flows generated from operations. free cash flow is net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of discontinued operations less additions to property, plant and mine development as presented on the consolidated statements of cash flows. the company believes free cash flow is also useful as one of the bases for comparing the company's performance with its competitors. although free cash flow and similar measures are frequently used as measures of cash flows generated from operations by other companies, the company's calculation of free cash flow is not necessarily comparable to such other similarly titled captions of other companies.
the presentation of non-gaap free cash flow is not meant to be considered in isolation or as an alternative to net income as an indicator of the company's performance, or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity as those terms are defined by gaap, and does not necessarily indicate whether cash flows will be sufficient to fund cash needs. the
company's definition of free cash flow is limited in that it does not represent residual cash flows available for discretionary expenditures due to the fact that the measure does not deduct the payments required for debt service and other contractual obligations or payments made for business acquisitions. therefore, the company believes it is important to view free cash flow as a measure that provides supplemental information to the company's consolidated statements of cash flows.
the following table sets forth a reconciliation of free cash flow, a non-gaap financial measure, to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, which the company believes to be the gaap financial measure most directly comparable to free cash flow, as well as information regarding net cash provided by (used in) investing activities and net cash provided by (used in) financing activities.
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                        $2,866                 $1,827                 $2,124
less: net cash used in (provided by) operating activities of discontinued operations                   10                     10                  15
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of continuing operations                        2,876                  1,837               2,139
less: additions to property, plant and mine development                                           (1,463)                (1,032)               (866)
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (1)                                    $(1,226)               $(1,177)               $(946)
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                        $(2,777)               $(455)                 $(668)
(1)   net cash provided by (used in) investing activities includes additions to property, plant and mine development, which is included in the company's computation of free cash flow.
costs applicable to sales per ounce/pound costs applicable to sales per ounce/gold equivalent ounce are non-gaap financial measures. these measures are calculated by dividing the costs applicable to sales of gold and other metals by gold ounces or gold equivalent ounces sold, respectively. these measures are calculated for the periods presented on a consolidated basis. costs applicable to sales per ounce/gold equivalent ounce statistics are intended to provide additional information only and do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with gaap. the measures are not necessarily indicative of operating profit or cash flow from operations as determined under gaap. other companies may calculate these measures differently.
(1)   includes by-product credits of $91, $50 and $51 in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
(2)   includes by-product credits of $3, $3 and $4 in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
all-in sustaining costs newmont has developed a metric that expands on gaap measures, such as cost of goods sold, and non-gaap measures, such as costs applicable to sales per ounce, to provide visibility into the economics of our mining operations related to expenditures, operating performance and the ability to generate cash flow from our continuing operations.
current gaap measures used in the mining industry, such as cost of goods sold, do not capture all of the expenditures incurred to discover, develop and sustain production. therefore, we believe that all-in sustaining costs is a non-gaap measure that provides additional information to management, investors and analysts that aid in the understanding of the economics of our operations and
performance compared to other producers and provides investors visibility by better defining the total costs associated with production.
all-in sustaining cost ("aisc") amounts are intended to provide additional information only and do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with gaap. the measures are not necessarily indicative of operating profit or cash flow from operations as determined under gaap. other companies may calculate these measures differently as a result of differences in the underlying accounting principles, policies applied and in accounting frameworks such as in international financial reporting standards ("ifrs"), or by reflecting the benefit from selling non-gold metals as a reduction to aisc. differences may also arise related to definitional differences of sustaining versus development (e.g. non-sustaining) activities based upon each company's internal policies.
costs applicable to sales. includes all direct and indirect costs related to current production incurred to execute the current mine plan. we exclude certain exceptional or unusual amounts from costs applicable to sales ("cas"), such as significant revisions to recovery amounts. cas includes by-product credits from certain metals obtained during the process of extracting and processing the primary ore-body. cas is accounted for on an accrual basis and excludes depreciation and amortization and reclamation and remediation, which is consistent with our presentation of cas on the consolidated statements of operations. in determining aisc, only the cas associated with producing and selling an ounce of gold is included in the measure. therefore, the amount of gold cas included in aisc is derived from the cas presented in the company's consolidated statements of operations less the amount of cas attributable to the production of other metals at our peñasquito, boddington, and phoenix mines. the other metals cas at those mine sites is disclosed in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements. the allocation of cas between gold and other metals at the peñasquito, boddington, and phoenix mines is based upon the relative sales value of gold and other metals produced during the period.
reclamation costs. includes accretion expense related to reclamation liabilities and the amortization of the related asset retirement cost ("arc") for the company's operating properties. accretion related to the reclamation liabilities and the amortization of the arc assets for reclamation does not reflect annual cash outflows but are calculated in accordance with gaap. the accretion and amortization reflect the periodic costs of reclamation associated with current production and are therefore included in the measure. the allocation of these costs to gold and other metals is determined using the same allocation used in the allocation of cas between gold and other metals at the peñasquito, boddington, and phoenix mines.
advanced projects, research and development and exploration. includes incurred expenses related to projects that are designed to sustain current production and exploration. we note that as current resources are depleted, exploration and advanced projects are necessary for us to replace the depleting reserves or enhance the recovery and processing of the current reserves to sustain production at existing operations. as these costs relate to sustaining our production, and are considered a continuing cost of a mining company, these costs are included in the aisc measure. these costs are derived from the advanced projects, research and development and exploration amounts presented in the consolidated statements of operations less incurred expenses related to the development of new operations, or related to major projects at existing operations where these projects will materially benefit the operation in the future. the allocation of these costs to gold and other metals is determined using the same allocation used in the allocation of cas between gold and other metals at the peñasquito, boddington, and phoenix mines.
general and administrative. includes costs related to administrative tasks not directly related to current production, but rather related to support our corporate structure and fulfill our obligations to operate as a public company. including these expenses in the aisc metric provides visibility of the impact that general and administrative activities have on current operations and profitability on a per ounce basis.
other expense, net. we exclude certain exceptional or unusual expenses from other expense, net, such as restructuring, as these are not indicative to sustaining our current operations. furthermore, this adjustment to other expense, net is also consistent with the nature of the adjustments made to net income (loss) attributable to newmont stockholders as disclosed in the company's non-gaap financial measure adjusted net income (loss). the allocation of these costs to gold and other metals is determined using the same allocation used in the allocation of cas between gold and other metals at the peñasquito, boddington, and phoenix mines.
metals at the peñasquito, boddington, and phoenix mines.
sustaining capital and finance lease payments. we determined sustaining capital and finance lease payments as those capital expenditures and finance lease payments that are necessary to maintain current production and execute the current mine plan. sustaining finance lease payments are included beginning in 2019 in connection with the adoption of asc 842. refer to note 2 in the consolidated financial statements for further details. we determined development (e.g. non-sustaining) capital expenditures and finance lease payments to be those payments used to develop new operations or related to projects at existing operations where those projects will materially benefit the operation. the classification of sustaining and development capital projects and finance leases is based on a systematic review of our project portfolio in light of the nature of each project. sustaining capital and finance lease payments are relevant to the aisc metric as these are needed to maintain the company's current operations and provide improved transparency related to our ability to finance these expenditures from current operations. the allocation of these costs to gold and other metals is determined using the same allocation used in the allocation of cas between gold and other metals at the peñasquito, boddington, and phoenix mines.
advanced projects, research and                                                      treatment         sustaining                                                     all-in costs                                           development             general                 other             and               capital and             all-in                                 sustaining years ended                                      applicable                  reclamation         and                     and                     expense,          refining          finance lease           sustaining          ounces (000)       costs per december 31, 2019                                to sales (1)(2)(3)          costs (4)           exploration(5)          administrative          net (6)           costs             payments (7)(8)         costs                       sold       oz. (9)
musselwhite                                                         13                   2                       6                 -                    -                 -                         25                  46                  6               8,174
peñasquito                                                         116                   2                       -                 -                    -                 2                         39                 159                144               1,100
peñasquito                                       $387                        $7                  $3                      $-                      $7                $66               $116                    $586                         438       $1,339
(2)   includes by-product credits of $94 and excludes co-product revenues of $691.
(5)   advanced projects, research and development and exploration excludes development expenditures of $7 at cc&amp;v, $1 at musselwhite, $10 at porcupine, $4 at éléonore, $3 at peñasquito, $4 at other north america, $14 at yanacocha, $7 at merian, $9 at cerro negro, $40 at other south america, $3 at tanami, $3 at kalgoorlie, $20 at other australia, $13 at ahafo, $11 at akyem, $4 at other africa, $10 at ngm, $6 at carlin, $1 at phoenix, $2 at twin creeks, $12 at long canyon, $2 at other nevada and $35 at corporate and other, totaling $221 related to developing new operations or major projects at existing operations where these projects will materially benefit the operation.
(7)   includes sustaining capital expenditures of $295 for north america, $124 for south america, $185 for australia, $123 for africa, $207 for nevada and $21 for corporate and other, totaling $955 and excludes development capital expenditures, capitalized interest and the increase in accrued capital totaling $508. the following are major development projects: borden, musselwhite materials handling, éléonore lower mine material handling system, quecher main, yanacocha sulfides, tanami expansion 2, ahafo north, subika underground, ahafo mill expansion, goldrush complex and turquoise ridge 3rd shaft.
advanced projects, research and                                                      treatment                                                                    all-in costs                                           development             general                 other             and                                   all-in                                 sustaining years ended                                     applicable                  reclamation         and                     and                     expense,          refining          sustaining          sustaining          ounces (000)       costs per december 31, 2018                               to sales (1)(2)(3)          costs (4)           exploration(5)          administrative          net (6)           costs             capital (7)         costs               sold               oz. (8)
(2)   includes by-product credits of $53 and excludes co-product revenues of $303.
(3)   includes stockpile and leach pad inventory adjustments of $5 at cc&amp;v, $39 at yanacocha, $33 at ahafo, $34 at akyem, $92 at carlin and $32 at twin creeks. total stockpile and leach pad inventory adjustments at carlin of $114 were adjusted above by $22 related to the write-down at emigrant due to a change in mine plan, resulting in a significant decrease in mine life in the third quarter of 2018.
(5)   advanced projects, research and development and exploration excludes development expenditures of $5 at cc&amp;v, $49 at yanacocha, $9 at merian, $34 at other south america, $6 at kalgoorlie, $7 at other australia, $11 at ahafo, $12 at akyem, $3 at other africa, $10 at carlin, $3 at twin creeks, $23 at long canyon, $16 at other nevada and $5 at corporate and other, totaling $193 related to developing new operations or major projects at existing operations where these projects will materially benefit the operation.
(7)   excludes development capital expenditures, capitalized interest and changes in accrued capital, totaling $432. the following are major development projects during the period: quecher main, the merian crusher, tanami expansion 2, ahafo north, subika underground, ahafo mill expansion and twin creeks underground.
advanced projects, research and                                                      treatment                                                                    all-in costs                                           development             general                 other             and                                   all-in                                 sustaining year ended                                      applicable                  reclamation         and                     and                     expense,          refining          sustaining          sustaining          ounces (000)       costs per december 31, 2017                               to sales (1)(2)(3)          costs (4)           exploration(5)          administrative          net (6)           costs             capital (7)         costs               sold               oz. (8)
(2)   includes by-product credits of $55 and excludes co-product revenues of $315.
(5)   advanced projects, research and development and exploration excludes development expenditures of $1 at cc&amp;v, $37 at yanacocha, $14 at merian, $40 at other south america, $18 at tanami, $6 at kalgoorlie, $6 at other australia, $18 at ahafo, $8 at akyem, $6 at other africa, $1 at carlin, $3 at twin creeks, $23 at long canyon, $12 at other nevada and $1 at corporate and other, totaling $194 related to developing new operations or major projects at existing operations where these projects will materially benefit the operation.
(6)   other expense, net is adjusted for restructuring costs and other of $14 and acquisition cost adjustments of $2.
(7)   excludes development capital expenditures, capitalized interest and changes in accrued capital, totaling $266. the following are major development projects during the period: the merian crusher, quecher main, tanami expansions, subika underground, ahafo mill expansion, twin creeks underground and long canyon.
critical accounting estimates listed below are the accounting policies that we believe are critical to our financial statements due to the degree of uncertainty regarding the estimates or assumptions involved and the magnitude of the asset, liability, revenue or expense being reported. our discussion of financial condition and results of operations is based upon the information reported in our consolidated financial statements. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting
principles ("gaap") requires us to make assumptions and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of our financial statements. we base our assumptions and estimates on historical experience and various other sources that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results may differ from the estimates we calculate due to changes in circumstances, global economics and politics, and general business conditions. a summary of our significant accounting policies is detailed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. we have outlined below those policies identified as being critical to the understanding of our business and results of operations and that require the application of significant management judgment.
depreciation and amortization expenditures for new facilities or equipment and expenditures that extend the useful lives of existing facilities or equipment are capitalized and depreciated using the straight-line method at rates sufficient to amortize such costs over the estimated future lives of such facilities or equipment and their components. facilities and equipment acquired as a part of a finance lease, build-to-suit or other financing arrangement are capitalized and recorded based on the contractual lease terms. the facilities and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method at rates sufficient to depreciate such costs over the estimated productive lives of such facilities. these lives do not exceed the estimated mine life based on proven and probable reserves as the useful lives of these assets are considered to be limited to the life of the relevant mine.
costs incurred to develop new properties are capitalized as incurred where it has been determined that the property can be economically developed based on the existence of proven and probable reserves. at our surface mines, these costs include costs to further delineate the ore body and remove overburden to initially expose the ore body. at our underground mines, these costs include the cost of building access ways, shaft sinking and access, lateral development, drift development, ramps and infrastructure development. all such costs are amortized using the units-of-production ("uop") method over the estimated life of the ore body based on estimated recoverable ounces to be produced from proven and probable reserves.
major mine development costs incurred after the commencement of production, that are capitalized, are amortized using the uop method based on estimated recoverable ounces to be produced from proven and probable reserves. to the extent that such costs benefit the entire ore body, they are amortized over the estimated recoverable ounces or pounds in proven and probable reserves of the entire ore body. costs incurred to access specific ore blocks or areas that only provide benefit over the life of that block or area are amortized over the estimated recoverable ounces or pounds in proven and probable reserves of that specific ore block or area.
capitalized asset retirement costs incurred are amortized according to how the related assets are being depreciated. open pit and underground mining costs are amortized using the uop method based on recoverable ounces by source. other costs, including leaching facilities, tailing facilities, and mills and other infrastructure costs, are amortized using the straight-line method over the same estimated future lives of the associated assets.
the calculation of the uop rate of amortization, and therefore the annual amortization charge to operations, could be materially impacted to the extent that actual production in the future is different from current forecasts of production based on proven and probable reserves. this would generally occur to the extent that there were significant changes in any of the factors or assumptions used in determining reserves. these changes could include: (i) an expansion of proven and probable reserves through exploration activities; (ii) differences between estimated and actual costs of production, due to differences in grade, metal recovery rates and foreign currency exchange rates; and (iii) differences between actual commodity prices and commodity price assumptions used in the estimation of reserves. if reserves decreased significantly, amortization charged to operations would increase; conversely, if reserves increased significantly, amortization charged to operations would decrease. such changes in reserves could similarly impact the useful lives of assets depreciated on a straight-line basis, where those lives are limited to the life of the mine, which in turn is limited to the life of the proven and probable reserves.
maximize throughput and recovery. processing of lower grade stockpiled ore may continue after mining operations are completed. sulfide copper ores are subject to oxidation over time which can reduce expected future recoveries. stockpiles are measured by estimating the number of tons added and removed from the stockpile, the number of contained ounces or pounds (based on assay data), and the estimated metallurgical recovery rates (based on the expected processing method). stockpile ore tonnages are verified by periodic surveys. costs are added to stockpiles based on current mining costs, including applicable overhead and depreciation and amortization relating to mining operations and removed at each stockpile's average cost per recoverable unit as material is processed.
we record stockpiles at the lower of average cost or net realizable value, and carrying values are evaluated at least quarterly. net realizable value represents the estimated future sales price based on short-term and long-term metals price assumptions that are applied to expected short-term (12 months or less) and long-term sales from stockpiles, less estimated costs to complete production and bring the product to sale. the primary factors that influence the need to record write-downs of stockpiles include declines in short-term or long-term metals prices, increases in costs for production inputs such as labor, fuel and energy, materials and supplies, as well as realized ore grades and recovery rates. the significant assumption in determining the stockpile net realizable value for each mine site at december 31, 2019 is a long-term gold price of $1,300 per ounce. exclusive of ngm, a decrease of $100 per ounce in the long-term gold price assumption will not result in a material write-down to the carrying value of the stockpiles.
other assumptions include future operating and capital costs, metal recoveries, production levels, commodity prices, proven and probable reserve quantities, engineering data and other factors unique to each operation based on the life of mine plans, as well as long-term commodity prices and applicable u.s. dollar long-term exchange rates. if short-term and long-term commodity prices decrease, estimated future processing costs increase, or other negative factors occur, it may be necessary to record a write-down of stockpiles. a high degree of judgment is involved in determining such assumptions and estimates and no assurance can be given that actual results will not differ significantly from those estimates and assumptions.
estimates of recoverable ore on the leach pads are calculated from the quantities of ore placed on the leach pads (measured tons added to the leach pads), the grade of ore placed on the leach pads (based on assay data) and a recovery percentage (based on ore type). in general, leach pads recover between 50% and 95% of the recoverable ounces in the first year of leaching, declining each year thereafter until the leaching process is complete.
although the quantities of recoverable metal placed on the leach pads are reconciled by comparing the grades of ore placed on pads to the quantities of metal actually recovered (metallurgical balancing), the nature of the leaching process inherently limits the ability to precisely monitor inventory levels. as a result, the metallurgical balancing process is constantly monitored and estimates are refined based on actual results over time. historically, our operating results have not been materially impacted by variations between the estimated and actual recoverable quantities of metal on our leach pads. variations between actual and estimated quantities resulting from changes in assumptions and estimates that do not result in write-downs to net realizable value are accounted for on a prospective basis. the significant assumption in determining the net realizable value for each mine site at december 31, 2019 is a long-term gold price of $1,300 per ounce. exclusive of ngm, a decrease of $100 per ounce in the long-term gold price assumption will not result in a material write-down to the carrying value of the leach pads.
other assumptions include future operating and capital costs, metal recoveries, production levels, proven and probable reserve quantities, engineering data and other factors unique to each operation based on the life of mine plans, as well as a long-term metal prices. if short-term and long-term commodity prices decrease, estimated future processing costs increase, or other negative factors occur, it may be necessary to record a write-down of ore on leach pads to net realizable value.
carrying value of long-lived assets, including goodwill we review and evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. an impairment loss is measured and recorded based on the estimated fair value of the long-lived assets being tested for impairment and their carrying amounts. fair value is typically determined through the use of an income approach utilizing estimates of discounted pre-tax future cash flows or a market approach utilizing recent transaction activity for comparable properties. these approaches are considered level 3 fair value measurements. occasionally, such as when an asset is held for sale, market prices are used. we believe our estimates and models used to determine fair value are similar to what a market participant would use.
the estimated undiscounted cash flows used to assess recoverability of long-lived assets and to measure the fair value of our mining operations are derived from current business plans, which are developed using short-term price forecasts reflective of the current price environment and our projections for long-term average metal prices. in addition to short- and long-term metal price assumptions, other assumptions include estimates of commodity-based and other input costs; proven and probable mineral reserves estimates, including the timing and cost to develop and produce the reserves; value beyond proven and probable estimates; estimated future closure costs; and the use of appropriate discount rates.
the significant assumption in determining the future cash flows for each mine site at december 31, 2019 is a long-term gold price of $1,300 per ounce. a decrease of $100 per ounce in the long-term gold price assumption could result in an impairment of our long lived assets of up to approximately $4,500 before consideration of other value beyond proven and probable reserves which may significantly decrease the amount of any potential impairment charge.
other assumptions include proven and probable mineral reserve estimates, value beyond proven and probable reserve estimates, the timing and cost to develop and produce the reserves, commodity-based and other input costs, future closure costs and discount rates unique to each operation, as well as a long-term metal prices and applicable u.s. dollar long-term exchange rates. refer to quantitative and qualitative disclosures.
as discussed above under depreciation and amortization, various factors could impact our ability to achieve our forecasted production schedules from proven and probable reserves which could impact the carrying value of our long-lived assets. the ability to achieve the estimated quantities of recoverable minerals from exploration stage mineral interests involves further risks in addition to those factors applicable to mineral interests where proven and probable reserves have been identified, due to the lower level of confidence that the identified mineralized material could ultimately be mined economically. assets classified as exploration potential have the highest level of risk that the carrying value of the asset can be ultimately realized, due to the still lower level of geological confidence and economic modeling.
events that could result in additional impairment of our long-lived assets include, but are not limited to, decreases in future metal prices, unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates, increases in future closure costs, and any event that might otherwise have a material adverse effect on mine site cash flows.
reclamation and remediation obligations reclamation costs are allocated to expense over the life of the related assets and are periodically adjusted to reflect changes in the estimated present value resulting from the passage of time and revisions to the estimates of either the timing or amount of the reclamation costs. reclamation obligations are based on when the spending for an existing environmental disturbance will occur. changes in reclamation estimates at non-operating mines are reflected in earnings in the period an estimate is revised. we review, on at least an annual basis, the reclamation obligation at each mine.
remediation costs are accrued based on management's best estimate at the end of each period of the costs expected to be incurred at a site. such cost estimates may include ongoing care, maintenance and monitoring costs. changes in remediation estimates at inactive mines are reflected in earnings in the period an estimate is revised. water treatment costs included in environmental remediation obligations are discounted to their present value as cash flows are readily estimable. all other costs of future expenditures for environmental remediation obligations are not discounted to their present value.
accounting for reclamation and remediation obligations requires management to make estimates unique to each mining operation of the future costs we will incur to complete the reclamation and remediation work required to comply with existing laws
and regulations. any such changes in future costs, the timing of reclamation activities, scope, or the exclusion of certain costs not considered reclamation and remediation costs, could materially impact the amounts charged to earnings for reclamation and remediation. additionally, future changes to environmental laws and regulations could increase the extent of reclamation and remediation work required.
income and mining taxes we account for income taxes using the liability method, recognizing certain temporary differences between the financial reporting basis of our liabilities and assets and the related income tax basis for such liabilities and assets. this method generates either a net deferred income tax liability or asset for us, as measured by the statutory tax rates in effect. we derive our deferred income tax charge or benefit by recording the change in either the net deferred income tax liability or asset balance for the year. the financial statement effects of changes in tax law are recorded as discrete items in the period enacted as part of income tax expense or benefit from continuing operations, regardless of the category of income or loss to which the deferred taxes relate.
mining taxes represent state and provincial taxes levied on mining operations and are classified as income taxes as such taxes are based on a percentage of mining profits. with respect to the earnings that we derive from the operations of our consolidated subsidiaries, in those situations where the earnings are indefinitely reinvested, no deferred taxes have been provided on the unremitted earnings (including the excess of the carrying value of the net equity of such entities for financial reporting purposes over the tax basis of such equity) of our consolidated companies.
our operations are in multiple jurisdictions where uncertainties arise in the application of complex tax regulations. some of these tax regimes are defined by contractual agreements with the local government, while others are defined by general tax laws and regulations. we are subject to reviews of our income tax filings and other tax payments, and disputes can arise with the taxing authorities over the interpretation of its contracts or laws. we recognize potential liabilities and record tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the u.s. and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. we adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances; however, due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. if our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, an additional charge to expense would result. if the estimate of tax liabilities proves to be greater than the ultimate assessment, a tax benefit would result. we recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income and mining tax benefit (expense). in certain jurisdictions, we must pay a portion of the disputed amount to the local government in order to formally appeal the assessment. such payment is recorded as a receivable if we believe the amount is ultimately collectible.
valuation of deferred tax assets our deferred income tax assets include certain future tax benefits. we record a valuation allowance against any portion of those deferred income tax assets when we believe, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax asset will not be realized. we review the likelihood that we will realize the benefit of our deferred tax assets and therefore the need for valuation allowances on a quarterly basis, or more frequently if events indicate that a review is required. in determining the requirement for a valuation allowance, the historical and projected financial results of the legal entity or consolidated group recording the net deferred tax asset is considered, along with all other available positive and negative evidence.
certain categories of evidence carry more weight in the analysis than others based upon the extent to which the evidence may be objectively verified. we look to the nature and severity of cumulative pretax losses (if any) in the current three-year period ending on the evaluation date or the expectation of future pretax losses and the existence and frequency of prior cumulative pretax losses.
we utilize a rolling twelve quarters of pre-tax income or loss as a measure of our cumulative results in recent years. concluding that a valuation allowance is not required is difficult when there is significant negative evidence which is objective and verifiable, such as cumulative losses in recent years. however, a cumulative three year loss is not solely determinative of the need for a valuation allowance. we also consider all other available positive and negative evidence in our analysis.
other factors considered in the determination of the probability of the realization of the deferred tax assets include, but are not limited to:
●   projected future financial and taxable income based upon existing reserves and long-term estimates of commodity prices;
●   nature of temporary differences and predictability of reversal patterns of existing temporary differences; and
●   the sensitivity of future forecasted results to commodity prices and other factors.
the company assesses the available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to utilize the existing deferred tax assets. a significant piece of objective negative evidence evaluated was the recent pretax losses and/or expectations of future pretax losses. such objective evidence limits the ability to consider other subjective evidence such as our projections for future growth. on the basis of this evaluation, a valuation allowance has been recorded in peru. the amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are increased or if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present and additional weight may be given to subjective evidence such as our projections for growth.
during 2019, the company released net valuation allowance of $296 to tax expense. the acquisition of goldcorp increased the company's valuation allowance on deferred tax assets by $521. the company reclassified valuation allowance of $371 to assets held for sale. there were additional valuation allowance increases related to other components of the financial statements of $263.
for additional risk factors that could impact the company's ability to realize the deferred tax assets, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
business combinations we recognize and measure the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date, while transaction and integration costs related to business combinations are expensed as incurred. any excess of the purchase consideration when compared to the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired, if any, is recorded as goodwill. for material acquisitions, we engage independent appraisers to assist with the determination of the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, noncontrolling interest, if any, and goodwill, based on recognized business valuation methodologies. an income, market or cost valuation method may be utilized to estimate the fair value of the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and noncontrolling interest, if any, in a business combination. the income valuation method represents the present value of future cash flows over the life of the asset using: (i) discrete financial forecasts, which rely on management's estimates of reserve quantities and exploration potential, costs to produce and develop reserves, revenues, and operating expenses; (ii) long-term growth rates; (iii) appropriate discount rates; and (iv) expected future capital requirements ("income valuation method"). the market valuation method uses prices paid for a similar asset by other purchasers in the market, normalized for any differences between the assets ("market valuation method"). the cost valuation method is based on the replacement cost of a comparable asset at the time of the acquisition adjusted for depreciation and economic and functional obsolescence of the asset ("cost valuation method"). the fair value of property, plant and mine development is estimated to include the fair value of asset retirement costs of related long-lived tangible assets. if the initial accounting for the business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the acquisition occurs, an estimate will be recorded. subsequent to the acquisition date, and not later than one year from the acquisition date, we will record any material adjustments to the initial estimate based on new information obtained that would have existed as of the date of the acquisition. any adjustment that arises from information obtained that did not exist as of the date of the acquisition will be recorded in the period the adjustments arises.
goodwill goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired in a business acquisition. goodwill is allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment annually and when events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. the fair value of a reporting unit is determined using the income and/or market valuation methods. if the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. any impairment loss recognized in the current period is not reversed in the future periods. we recognize our pro rata share of goodwill and any subsequent goodwill impairment losses recorded by unincorporated joint ventures in which it has an undivided interest.