item 1a. risk factors the risks set forth in the following risk factors could have a materially adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter, and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. the information set forth in this item 1a "risk factors" should be read in conjunction with the rest of the information included in this annual report, including item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data."
significant governmental legislation and regulation over commercial, operating and environmental matters could affect us, our customers, and the markets we serve. congress can enact laws that could increase economic regulation of the industry.  railroads presently are subject to commercial regulation by the stb, which has jurisdiction to varying extents over rates, routes, customer access provisions, fuel surcharges, conditions of service, and the extension or abandonment of rail lines. the stb also has jurisdiction over the consolidation, merger, or acquisition of control of and by rail common carriers. additional economic regulation of the rail industry by congress or the stb, whether under new or existing laws, could have a significant negative impact on our ability to negotiate prices for rail services, on railway operating revenues, and on the efficiency of our operations. this potential material adverse effect could also result in reduced capital spending on our rail network or abandonment of lines.
railroads are also subject to the enactment of laws by congress and regulation by the dot and the dhs, which regulate most aspects of our operations related to safety and security. the rail safety improvement act of 2008, the surface transportation extension act of 2015, and the implementing regulations promulgated by the fra (collectively "the ptc laws and regulations") require us (and each other class i railroad) to implement, on certain mainline track where intercity and commuter passenger railroads operate and where tih hazardous materials are k10
transported, an interoperable positive train control system (ptc). ptc is a set of highly advanced technologies designed to prevent train-to-train collisions, speed-related derailments, and certain other accidents caused by human error, but ptc will not prevent all types of train accidents or incidents. we met the deadline under the ptc laws and regulations to install all hardware and to implement ptc on some of those rail lines, and we are required to fully implement ptc on the remainder of those rail lines by december 31, 2020. in addition, other railroads' implementation schedules could impose additional interoperability requirements and accelerated timelines on us, which could impact our operations over other railroads if not met.
full implementation of ptc will result in additional operating costs and capital expenditures, and ptc implementation may result in reduced operational efficiency and service levels, as well as increased compensation and benefits expenses, and increased claims and litigation costs.
our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things, emissions to the air; discharges to waterways or groundwater supplies; handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of waste and other materials; and the cleanup of hazardous material or petroleum releases. the risk of incurring environmental liability, for acts and omissions, past, present, and future, is inherent in the railroad business. this risk includes property owned by us, whether currently or in the past, that is or has been subject to a variety of uses, including our railroad operations and other industrial activity by past owners or our past and present tenants.
environmental problems that are latent or undisclosed may exist on these properties, and we could incur environmental liabilities or costs, the amount and materiality of which cannot be estimated reliably at this time, with respect to one or more of these properties. moreover, lawsuits and claims involving other unidentified environmental sites and matters are likely to arise from time to time.
concern over climate change has led to significant federal, state, and international legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions. restrictions, caps, taxes, or other controls on ghg emissions, including diesel exhaust, could significantly increase our operating costs, decrease the amount of traffic handled, and decrease the value of coal reserves we own.
in addition, legislation and regulation related to ghgs could negatively affect the markets we serve and our customers. even without legislation or regulation, government incentives and adverse publicity relating to ghgs could negatively affect the markets for certain of the commodities we carry and our customers that (1) use commodities that we carry to produce energy, including coal, (2) use significant amounts of energy in producing or delivering the commodities we carry, or (3) manufacture or produce goods that consume significant amounts of energy.
as a common carrier by rail, we must offer to transport hazardous materials, regardless of risk. transportation of certain hazardous materials could create catastrophic losses in terms of personal injury and property (including environmental) damage, and compromise critical parts of our rail network. the cost of a catastrophic rail accident involving hazardous materials could exceed our insurance coverage. we have obtained insurance for potential losses for third-party liability and first-party property damages (see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements); however, insurance is available from a limited number of insurers and may not continue to be available or, if available, may not be obtainable on terms acceptable to us.
we may be affected by general economic conditions. prolonged negative changes in domestic and global economic conditions could affect the producers and consumers of the commodities we carry. economic conditions could also result in bankruptcies of one or more large customers.
significant increases in demand for rail services could result in the unavailability of qualified personnel and locomotives.  in addition, workforce demographics and training requirements, particularly for engineers and conductors, could have a negative impact on our ability to meet short-term demand for rail service. unpredicted increases in demand for rail services may exacerbate such risks.
we may be affected by energy prices. volatility in energy prices could have a significant effect on a variety of items including, but not limited to: the economy; demand for transportation services; business related to the energy sector, including crude oil, natural gas, and coal; fuel prices; and fuel surcharges.
we face competition from other transportation providers. we are subject to competition from motor carriers, railroads and, to a lesser extent, ships, barges, and pipelines, on the basis of transit time, pricing, and quality and reliability of service. while we have used primarily internal resources to build or acquire and maintain our rail system, trucks and barges have been able to use public rights-of-way maintained by public entities. any future improvements, expenditures, legislation, or regulation materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation in the regions in which we operate (such as granting materially greater latitude for motor carriers with respect to size or weight limitations or adoption of autonomous commercial vehicles) could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
the operations of carriers with which we interchange may adversely affect our operations. our ability to provide rail service to customers in the u.s. and canada depends in large part upon our ability to maintain collaborative relationships with connecting carriers (including shortlines and regional railroads) with respect to, among other matters, freight rates, revenue division, car supply and locomotive availability, data exchange and communications, reciprocal switching, interchange, and trackage rights. deterioration in the operations of or service provided by connecting carriers, or in our relationship with those connecting carriers, could result in our inability to meet our customers' demands or require us to use alternate train routes, which could result in significant additional costs and network inefficiencies. additionally, any significant consolidations, mergers or operational changes among other railroads may significantly redefine our market access and reach.
we rely on technology and technology improvements in our business operations. if we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could experience a service interruption, a security breach, or other operational difficulties. we also face cybersecurity threats which may result in breaches of systems, or compromises of sensitive data, which may result in an inability to access or operate systems necessary for conducting operations and providing customer service, thereby impacting our efficiency and/or damaging our corporate reputation. additionally, if we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or we are unable to implement new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service.
the vast majority of our employees belong to labor unions, and labor agreements, strikes, or work stoppages could adversely affect our operations. approximately 80% of our railroad employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions. if unionized workers were to engage in a strike, work stoppage, or other slowdown, we could experience a significant disruption of our operations. additionally, future national labor agreements, or renegotiation of labor agreements or provisions of labor agreements, could significantly increase our costs for health care, wages, and other benefits.
we may be subject to various claims and lawsuits that could result in significant expenditures. the nature of our business exposes us to the potential for various claims and litigation related to labor and employment, personal injury, commercial disputes, freight loss and other property damage, and other matters. job-related personal injury and occupational claims are subject to the federal employer's liability act (fela), which is applicable only to railroads. fela's fault-based tort system produces results that are unpredictable and inconsistent as compared with a no-fault worker's compensation system. the variability inherent in this system could result in actual costs being different from the liability recorded.
any material changes to current litigation trends or a catastrophic rail accident involving any or all of freight loss, property damage, personal injury, and environmental liability could have a material adverse effect on us to the extent not covered by insurance. we have obtained insurance for potential losses for third-party liability and first-party property damages; however, insurance is available from a limited number of insurers and may not continue to be available or, if available, may not be obtainable on terms acceptable to us.
severe weather could result in significant business interruptions and expenditures. severe weather conditions and other natural phenomena, including hurricanes, floods, fires, and earthquakes, may cause significant business interruptions and result in increased costs, increased liabilities, and decreased revenues.
we may be affected by terrorism or war. any terrorist attack, or other similar event, any government response thereto, and war or risk of war could cause significant business interruption. because we play a critical role in the nation's transportation system, we could become the target of such an attack or have a significant role in the government's preemptive approach or response to an attack or war.
although we currently maintain insurance coverage for third-party liability arising out of war and acts of terrorism, we maintain only limited insurance coverage for first-party property damage and damage to property in our care, custody, or control caused by certain acts of terrorism. in addition, premiums for some or all of our current insurance programs covering these losses could increase dramatically, or insurance coverage for certain losses could be unavailable to us in the future.
we may be affected by supply constraints resulting from disruptions in the fuel markets or the nature of some of our supplier markets. we consumed approximately 451 million gallons of diesel fuel in 2019. fuel availability could be affected by any limitation in the fuel supply or by any imposition of mandatory allocation or rationing regulations. a severe fuel supply shortage arising from production curtailments, increased demand in existing or emerging foreign markets, disruption of oil imports, disruption of domestic refinery production, damage to refinery or pipeline infrastructure, political unrest, war or other factors could impact us as well as our customers and other transportation companies.
due to the capital intensive nature, as well as the industry-specific requirements of the rail industry, high barriers of entry exist for potential new suppliers of core railroad items, such as locomotives and rolling stock equipment. additionally, we compete with other industries for available capacity and raw materials used in the production of locomotives and certain track and rolling stock materials. changes in the competitive landscapes of these limited supplier markets could result in increased prices or significant shortages of materials.
the state of capital markets could adversely affect our liquidity. we rely on the capital markets to provide some of our capital requirements, including the issuance of debt instruments, as well as the sale of certain receivables. significant instability or disruptions of the capital markets, including the credit markets, or deterioration of our financial position due to internal or external factors could restrict or eliminate our access to, and/or significantly increase the cost of, various financing sources, including bank credit facilities and issuance of corporate bonds. instability or disruptions of the capital markets and deterioration of our financial position, alone or in combination, could also result in a reduction in our credit rating to below investment grade, which could prohibit or restrict us from accessing external sources of short- and long-term debt financing and/or significantly increase the associated costs.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations norfolk southern corporation and subsidiaries the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes.
overview we are one of the nation's premier transportation companies.  our norfolk southern railway company subsidiary operates approximately 19,500 route miles in 22 states and the district of columbia, serves every major container port in the eastern united states, and provides efficient connections to other rail carriers.  norfolk southern is a major transporter of industrial products, including chemicals, agriculture, and metals and construction materials. in addition, we operate the most extensive intermodal network in the east and are a principal carrier of coal, automobiles, and automotive parts.
the execution of the initiatives in our strategic plan allowed us to achieve records for income from railway operations and railway operating ratio (a measure of the amount of operating revenues consumed by operating expenses) for the year. we continued our focus on improving the efficiency of our operations and utilization of our assets, allowing us to reduce our operating expenses by 3% in the face of a 1% revenue decline.
income from railway operations rose in 2019 as a 3% reduction in railway operating expenses more than offset the impact of a 1% decline in railway operating revenues. in addition to higher income from railway operations, net income and diluted earnings per share growth in 2019 also benefited from a lower effective tax rate. our continuing share repurchase program contributed to diluted earnings per share growth that exceeded that of net income.
on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act ("tax reform") was signed into law. the following table adjusts our 2017 u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) financial results to exclude the effects of tax reform, specifically, the effects of remeasurement of net deferred tax liabilities related to the reduction of the federal tax rate from 35% to 21% (the "2017 tax adjustments"). we use these non-gaap financial measures internally and believe this information provides useful supplemental information to investors to facilitate making period-to-period comparisons by excluding the 2017 tax adjustments. while we believe that these non-gaap financial measures are useful in evaluating our business, this information should be considered as supplemental in nature and is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with gaap. in addition, these non-gaap financial measures may not be the same as similar measures presented by other companies.
income from railway operations increased in 2018 as compared to 2017, as a 9% increase in railway operating revenues more than offset a 4% increase in adjusted operating expenses. in addition to higher income from railway operations, net income and diluted earnings per share growth in 2018 also benefited from a lower effective tax rate, primarily due to the enactment of tax reform. finally, our share repurchase program resulted in diluted earnings per share growth that exceeded that of net income.
detailed results of operations railway operating revenues the following tables present a three-year comparison of revenues, volumes (units), and average revenue per unit by major commodity group.  at the beginning of 2019, we made changes in the categorization of certain commodity groups within merchandise. prior period railway operating revenues, units, and revenue per unit have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation (see note 2).
units                                                        2019   2018
revenue per unit                                                                 2019   2018
($ per unit)                                                            (% change)
revenues decreased $162 million in 2019 but increased $907 million in 2018 compared to the prior years. as reflected in the table below, lower 2019 revenues were the result of decreased volumes, partially offset by higher average revenue per unit, driven by pricing gains. the rise in 2018 revenues was the result of higher average revenue per unit, driven by pricing gains and higher fuel surcharge revenue, partially offset by the mix-related impacts of increased intermodal volume and decreased coal volume. in addition, overall volume also increased.
the table below reflects the components of the revenue change by major commodity group.
merchandise revenues increased in both 2019 and 2018 compared with the prior years. in 2019, revenues grew due to higher average revenue per unit, driven by pricing gains, which were partially offset by volume declines in all commodity groups. in 2018, revenues grew due to higher average revenue per unit, driven by pricing gains and higher fuel surcharge revenue, as well as higher volumes. volume gains in chemicals and agriculture products were partially offset by declines in automotive traffic.
chemicals revenues rose in both 2019 and 2018 compared with the prior years. in 2019, the rise was the result of higher average revenue per unit, due to pricing gains, which were partially offset by volume declines. volume declines in natural gas, petroleum products, organic and inorganic chemicals, and plastics were partially offset by gains in crude oil and municipal waste. in 2018, the rise was the result of higher volume and higher average revenue per unit, due to pricing gains and higher fuel surcharge revenue. volumes grew due to increased shipments of crude oil, liquefied petroleum gas, plastics, and municipal waste shipments, partially offset by a decrease in coal ash shipments.
agriculture products revenues rose in both 2019 and 2018 compared to the prior years. growth in 2019 was due to higher average revenue per unit, a result of pricing gains, which more than offset volume declines. volumes were down due to decreased shipments of ethanol, soybeans, and fertilizer, partially offset by increases in corn shipments. growth in 2018 was due to higher average revenue per unit, a result of pricing gains and higher fuel surcharge revenues, and higher volume. higher ethanol and fertilizer shipments more than offset declines in soybean and corn shipments.
metals and construction revenues declined in 2019 but increased in 2018 compared to the prior years. in 2019, volume declines were largely offset by higher average revenue per unit, the result of pricing gains. volume declines in iron and steel, coil, sand, and scrap metal were partially offset by increases in aggregates shipments due to improved service and market strength. in 2018, higher average revenue per unit, the result of pricing gains and k21
automotive revenues were flat in 2019 and increased in 2018 compared to the prior years. in 2019, higher average revenue per unit, driven by price increases, offset volume declines that were primarily the result of decreases in u.s. light vehicle production and the united automobile workers strike in the fourth quarter. in 2018, higher average revenue per unit, driven by price increases and higher fuel surcharge revenues, more than offset volume declines. traffic declines were the result of shortages of availability of multilevel equipment and scheduled automotive plant downtime.
forest and consumer revenues were flat in 2019 and increased in 2018 compared to the prior years. in 2019, higher average revenue per unit, the result of pricing gains, offset volume declines. volume declines were primarily driven by reduced shipments of pulpboard, lumber and wood, and kaolin. in 2018, higher average revenue per unit, the result of pricing gains and higher fuel surcharge revenue drove the increase while volumes remained flat. gains in pulpboard, a result of tightened truck capacity, were offset by decreases in pulp, woodchip, and graphic paper.
intermodal revenues decreased in 2019, but increased considerably in 2018 compared to the prior years. the decline in 2019 was driven by lower volumes, which were partially offset by higher average revenue per unit, a result of pricing gains. the rise in 2018 was driven by higher average revenue per unit, a result of increased fuel surcharge revenue and pricing gains, and higher volume.
intermodal units by market were as follows:
(units in thousands)                                                   (% change)
domestic volume fell in 2019 but increased in 2018. volume was challenged in 2019 by stronger over-the-road competition. the rise in 2018 benefited from continued highway conversions due to tighter capacity in the truck market, higher truckload pricing, and growth from existing accounts.
international volume increased in both periods reflecting increased demand from new and existing customers, despite 2019 volume being somewhat tempered by tariff concerns.
coal revenues decreased in 2019, but increased in 2018 compared with the prior years. the decrease in 2019 was a result of lower volume, which was partially offset by higher average revenue per unit, driven by pricing gains. revenue growth in 2018 was the result of higher average revenue per unit, largely the result of pricing gains, which more than offset volume declines.
utility                          60,278                      65,688                      67,899                     (8   %)                 (3   %)
utility coal tonnage declined in both periods from continued headwinds from low natural gas prices as well as additional natural gas and renewable energy generating capacity, that were slightly offset by our service improvements and customer inventory rebuilding.
domestic metallurgical coal tonnage was down in both years. the decline in 2019 was a reflection of challenging overall market conditions including softening domestic steel demand, customer sourcing changes, and plant outages. the decline in 2018 was a reflection of customer sourcing changes.
compensation and benefits              $2,751                      $2,925                      $2,979                     (6   %)                 (2   %)
in 2019, expenses fell as our strategic initiatives to improve productivity resulted in lower compensation, equipment rents, and materials expense. these decreases along with lower fuel prices and consumption were partially offset by lower gains on property sales, increased depreciation, and a write-off of a $32 million receivable as a result of a legal dispute. in 2018, expenses rose due to higher fuel prices as well as volume-related increases and costs associated with overall lower network velocity, partially offset by higher gains on property sales.
compensation and benefits decreased in 2019, reflecting changes in:
•higher capitalized labor ($9 million),
in 2018, compensation and benefits decreased, a result of changes in:
•health and welfare benefit rates for agreement employees (down $34 million),
•employment tax refund ($31 million benefit),
our employment averaged 24,587 in 2019, compared with 26,662 in 2018, and 27,110 in 2017.
purchased services and rents includes the costs of services purchased from outside contractors, including the net costs of operating joint (or leased) facilities with other railroads and the net cost of equipment rentals. in 2017, this line item includes a $151 million benefit from the 2017 tax adjustments ($36 million in purchased services and $115 million in equipment rents) in the form of higher income of certain equity investees.
the increase in purchased services in 2019 was the result of increased technology-related expenses, expenses associated with our headquarters relocation, and increased intermodal-related costs partially offset by decreased transportation activities. the increase in purchased services in 2018 was largely the result of the absence of the benefit from the 2017 tax adjustments, higher intermodal volume-related costs, additional transportation and engineering activities as well as higher technology costs.
equipment rents, which includes our cost of using equipment (mostly freight cars) owned by other railroads or private owners less the rent paid to us for the use of our equipment, decreased in 2019, but increased in 2018. in 2019, the decrease was largely due to improved network velocity and the absence of short-term locomotive resource costs incurred in the prior year. in 2018, the rise was due to the absence of the benefits from the 2017 tax adjustments, the impact of slower network velocity, the cost of additional short-term locomotive resources as well as growth in volume.
approximately 451 million gallons of diesel fuel in 2019, compared with 472 million gallons in 2018 and 458 million gallons in 2017.
depreciation expense increased in both periods, a reflection of growth in our roadway and equipment capital base as we continue to invest in our infrastructure and rolling stock, and technology.
other expense increased in 2019 but decreased in 2018, largely a result of gains from sales of operating properties. gains from operating property sales amounted to $64 million, $158 million, and $79 million in 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively. in 2019, the increase was additionally impacted by the write-off of a $32 million receivable as a result of a legal dispute. in 2018, the decline was also impacted by the inclusion of net rental income from operating property previously included in "other income - net" of $78 million, partially offset by increased costs as a result of the relocation of our train dispatchers to atlanta, georgia.
income taxes the effective income tax rate was 22.0% in 2019, compared with 23.1% in 2018 and negative 72.8% in 2017.  both 2019 and 2018 benefited from favorable reductions in deferred taxes for state tax law changes and certain business tax credits, while 2019 and 2017 benefited from higher returns from coli. income taxes in 2018 benefited from the effects of the enactment of tax reform in late 2017 that lowered the federal corporate income tax rate. income taxes in 2017 included a benefit of $3,331 million related to the effects of the enactment of tax reform from the reduction in our net deferred tax liabilities driven by the change in the federal rate. all three years benefited from favorable tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation.
financial condition, liquidity, and capital resources cash provided by operating activities, our principal source of liquidity, was $3.9 billion in 2019, $3.7 billion in 2018, and $3.3 billion in 2017. the increases in both 2019 and 2018 were primarily the result of improved operating results. we had working capital deficits of $219 million and $729 million at december 31, 2019, and 2018, respectively. cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash totaled $580 million and $446 million at december 31, 2019, and 2018, respectively. we expect cash on hand combined with cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations.
contractual obligations at december 31, 2019, include interest on fixed-rate long-term debt, long-term debt (note 9), unconditional purchase obligations (note 17), operating leases (note 10), long-term advances from conrail and agreements with consolidated rail corporation (crc) (note 6), and unrecognized tax benefits (note 4):
unconditional purchase obligations               1,225                      499                     521                        82                       123                  -
agreements with crc                                176                       40                      80                        56                         -                  -
unrecognized tax benefits*                          24                        -                       -                         -                         -         24
off balance sheet arrangements consist primarily of unrecognized obligations, including unconditional purchase obligations and future interest payments on fixed-rate long-term debt, which are included in the table above. in addition, we entered into a synthetic lease during 2019 which is discussed further in note 10.
cash used in investing activities was $1.8 billion in 2019, compared with $1.7 billion in 2018, and $1.5 billion in 2017.  in 2019, increased corporate owned life insurance activity and higher property additions were partially offset by increased proceeds from property sales. in 2018, higher property additions drove the increase.
capital spending and track and equipment statistics can be found within the "railway property" section of part i of this report on form 10-k. for 2020, we expect capital spending to approximate 16% to 18% of revenues.
cash used in financing activities was $2.0 billion in 2019, compared with $2.3 billion in 2018, and $2.0 billion in 2017. both year-over-year comparisons reflect higher debt repayments and increased dividends. in 2019, the decrease was also impacted by fewer repurchases of common stock. in 2018, the increase was also impacted by increased repurchases of common stock, but tempered by increased proceeds from borrowings.
share repurchases will be guided by our assessment of market conditions and other pertinent factors.  any near-term purchases under the program are expected to be made with internally generated cash, cash on hand, or proceeds from borrowings.
in may 2019, we also renewed and amended our accounts receivable securitization program, increasing our maximum borrowing capacity from $400 million to $450 million with a term expiring in may 2020. we had no amounts outstanding at both december 31, 2019 and 2018.
we discuss our credit agreement and our accounts receivable securitization program in note 9, and we have authority from our board of directors to issue an additional $1.6 billion of debt or equity securities through public or private sale, all of which provide for access to additional liquidity should the need arise. our debt-to-total capitalization ratio was 44.5% at december 31, 2019, compared with 42.0% at december 31, 2018.
upcoming annual debt maturities are disclosed in note 9.  overall, our goal is to maintain a capital structure with appropriate leverage to support our business strategy and provide flexibility through business cycles.
application of critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period.  these estimates and assumptions may require judgment about matters that are inherently uncertain, and future events are likely to occur that may require us to make changes to these estimates and assumptions.  accordingly, we regularly review these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in the business environment, and other factors we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.  the following critical accounting policies are a subset of our significant accounting policies described in note 1.
pensions and other postretirement benefits accounting for pensions and other postretirement benefit plans requires us to make several estimates and assumptions (note 12).  these include the expected rate of return from investment of the plans' assets and the expected retirement age of employees as well as their projected earnings and mortality.  in addition, the amounts recorded are affected by changes in the interest rate environment because the associated liabilities are discounted to their present value.  we make these estimates based on our historical experience and other information that we deem pertinent under the circumstances (for example, expectations of future stock market performance).  we utilize an independent actuarial consulting firm's studies to assist us in selecting appropriate actuarial assumptions and valuing related liabilities.
in recording our net pension benefit, we assumed a long-term investment rate of return of 8.25%, which was supported by the long-term total rate of return on plan assets since inception, as well as our expectation of future returns. a one-percentage point change to this rate of return assumption would result in a $23 million change in pension expense. we review assumptions related to our defined benefit plans annually, and while changes are likely to occur in assumptions concerning retirement age, projected earnings, and mortality, they are not expected to have a material effect on our net pension expense or net pension liability in the future. the net pension liability is recorded at net present value using discount rates that are based on the current interest rate environment in light of the timing of expected benefit payments.  we utilize analyses in which the projected annual cash flows from the pension and postretirement benefit plans are matched with yield curves based on an appropriate universe of high-quality corporate bonds.  we use the results of the yield curve analyses to select the discount rates that match the payment streams of the benefits in these plans. a one-percentage point change to this discount rate assumption would result in about an $18 million change in pension expense.
properties and depreciation most of our assets are long-lived railway properties (note 7). "properties" are stated principally at cost and are depreciated using the group method whereby assets with similar characteristics, use, and expected lives are grouped together in asset classes and depreciated using a composite depreciation rate. see note 1 for a more detailed discussion of the assumptions and estimates in this area.
expenditures, including those on leased assets, that extend an asset's useful life or increase its utility are capitalized. expenditures capitalized include those that are directly related to a capital project and may include materials, labor, and other direct costs, in addition to an allocable portion of indirect costs that relate to a capital project. a significant portion of our annual capital spending relates to the replacement of self-contructed assets. costs related to repairs and maintenance activities that, in our judgment, do not extend an asset's useful life or increase its utility are expensed when such repairs are performed.
depreciation expense for 2019 totaled $1.1 billion.  our composite depreciation rates for 2019 are disclosed in note 7; a one year increase (or decrease) in the estimated average useful lives of depreciable assets would have resulted in an approximate $40 million decrease (or increase) to depreciation expense.
personal injury casualties and other claims expense, included in "materials and other" in the consolidated statements of income, includes our accrual for personal injury liabilities.
to aid in valuing our personal injury liability and determining the amount to accrue with respect to such claims during the year, we utilize studies prepared by an independent consulting actuarial firm. the actuarial firm studies our historical patterns of reserving for claims and subsequent settlements, taking into account relevant outside influences. we adjust the liability quarterly based upon our assessment and the results of the study. our estimate is subject to inherent limitation given the difficulty of predicting future events and as such the ultimate loss sustained may vary from the estimated liability recorded.
income taxes our net deferred tax liability totaled $6.8 billion at december 31, 2019 (note 4).  this liability is estimated based on the expected future tax consequences of items recognized in the financial statements.  after application of the federal statutory tax rate to book income, judgment is required with respect to the timing and deductibility of expenses in our income tax returns.  for state income and other taxes, judgment is also required with respect to the apportionment among the various jurisdictions. a valuation allowance is recorded if we expect that it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be realized. we have a $54 million valuation allowance on $513 million of deferred tax assets as of december 31, 2019, reflecting the expectation that almost all of these assets will be realized.
other matters labor agreements approximately 80% of our railroad employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions.  pursuant to the railway labor act, these agreements remain in effect until new agreements are reached, or until the bargaining procedures mandated by the railway labor act are completed.  we largely bargain nationally in concert with other major railroads, represented by the national carriers conference committee.  moratorium provisions in the labor agreements govern when the railroads and unions may propose changes to the agreements.
the next round of bargaining commenced on november 1, 2019 with both management and the unions serving their formal proposals for changes to the collective bargaining agreements.
market risks at december 31, 2019, we had no outstanding debt subject to interest rate fluctuations. market risk for fixed-rate debt is estimated as the potential increase in fair value resulting from a one percentage point decrease in interest rates as of december 31, 2019, and amounts to an increase of approximately $2.1 billion to the fair value of our debt at december 31, 2019. we consider it unlikely that interest rate fluctuations applicable to these instruments will result in a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity.
inflation in preparing financial statements, gaap requires the use of historical cost that disregards the effects of inflation on the replacement cost of property.  as a capital-intensive company, we have most of our capital invested in long-lived assets.  the replacement cost of these assets, as well as the related depreciation expense, would be substantially greater than the amounts reported on the basis of historical cost.
forward-looking statements certain statements in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, as amended.  these statements relate to future events or our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance, or our achievements or those of our industry to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements.  in some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "may," "will," "could," "would," "should," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "intend," "believe," "estimate," "project," "consider," "predict," "potential," "feel," or other comparable terminology.  we have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates, beliefs, and projections.  while we believe these expectations, assumptions, estimates, beliefs, and projections are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which involve factors or circumstances that are beyond our control.  these and other important factors, including those discussed in item 1a "risk factors," may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.  the forward-looking statements herein are made only as of the date they were first issued, and unless otherwise required by applicable securities laws, we disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.