item 1a.   risk factors
the information included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k should be considered and understood in the context of the following risk factors, which describe circumstances that may materially harm our future business, operating results or financial condition. the following discussion reflects our current judgment regarding the most significant risks we face. these risks can and will change in the future.
our business may be harmed by technological trends in our market or if we are unable to keep pace with rapid industry, technological and market changes.
our industry and the markets in which we compete have historically experienced significant growth due to the increase in the demand for storage and data management solutions by consumers, enterprises and government bodies around the world, and the resultant purchases of storage and data management solutions to address this demand. however, despite continued data growth, our traditional market, the networked storage hardware market, experienced a decline in each of the last three calendar years due to a combination of customers delaying purchases in the face of technology transitions, increasing adoption of cloud environments built on commodity hardware, increased storage efficiency, and changing economic and business environments. while customers are navigating through their information technology (it) transformations, which leverage modern architectures and hybrid cloud environments, they are also reducing it budgets, looking for simpler solutions, and rethinking how they consume it. this evolution is diverting spending towards transformational projects and architectures like flash, hybrid cloud, it as a service, converged infrastructure, and software defined storage. our business may be adversely impacted if we are unable to keep pace with rapid industry, technological or market changes or if our data fabric strategy is not accepted in the marketplace. as a result of these and other factors discussed in the report, our revenue may decline on a year-over-year basis, as it did in fiscal years 2015, 2016 and 2017. the future impact of these trends on both short-term and long-term growth patterns is uncertain. if the general historical rate of industry growth declines, if the growth rates of the specific markets in which we compete decline, and/or if the consumption model of storage changes and our new and existing products, services and solutions do not receive customer acceptance, our business, operating results and financial condition could suffer.
if we are unable to develop, introduce and gain market acceptance for new products and services while managing the transition from older ones, or if we cannot provide the expected level of quality and support for our new products and services, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.
our future growth depends upon the successful development and introduction of new hardware and software products and services. due to the complexity of storage software, subsystems and appliances and the difficulty in gauging the engineering effort required to produce new products and services, such products and services are subject to significant technical and quality control risks.
if we are unable, for technological, customer reluctance or other reasons, to develop, introduce and gain market acceptance for new products and services, as and when required by the market and our customers, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
new or additional product introductions, including new hardware and software offerings, such as netapp hci, cloud volumes ontap, and new all flash storage products, subject us to additional financial and operational risks, including our ability to forecast customer preferences and/or demand, our ability to successfully manage the transition from older products and solutions, our ability to forecast the impact of customers' demand for new products, services and solutions or the products being replaced, and our ability to manage production capacity to meet the demand for new products and services. in addition, as new or enhanced products and services are introduced, we must also avoid excessive levels of older product inventories and related components and ensure that new products and services can be delivered to meet customers' demands. further risks inherent in the introduction of new products, services and solutions include the uncertainty of price-performance relative to products of competitors, competitors' responses to the introductions, delays in sales caused by the desire of customers to evaluate new products for extended periods of time and our partners' investment in selling our new products and solutions. if these risks are not managed effectively, we could experience material risks to our operations, financial condition and business model.
as we enter new or emerging markets, we will likely increase demands on our service and support operations and may be exposed to additional competition. we may not be able to provide products, service and support to effectively compete for these market opportunities.
transition to consumption-based business models may adversely affect our revenues and profitability in other areas of our business.
we offer customers a full range of consumption models, including the deployment of our software through our subscription and cloud-based software as a service (saas), and utility pricing and managed services offerings for our hardware and software systems. these business models continue to evolve, and we may not be able to compete effectively, generate significant revenues or maintain the profitability of our consumption-based offerings. additionally, the increasing prevalence of cloud and saas delivery models offered by us and our competitors may unfavorably impact the pricing of our on-premise hardware and software offerings and could
have a dampening impact on overall demand for our on-premise hardware and software product and service offerings, which could reduce our revenues and profitability, at least in the near term. if we do not successfully execute our consumption model strategy or anticipate the needs of our customers, our revenues and profitability could decline.
as customer demand for our consumption model offerings increases, we will experience differences in the timing of revenue recognition between our traditional hardware and software license arrangements, including for the software license components of enterprise software license agreements (for which revenue is generally recognized in full at the time of delivery), relative to our consumption model offerings, (for which revenue is generally recognized ratably over the term of the arrangement). we incur certain expenses associated with the infrastructure and marketing of our consumption model offerings in advance of our ability to recognize the revenues associated with these offerings.
our sales and distribution structure makes forecasting revenues difficult and, if disrupted, could harm our operating results.
our business and sales models make revenues difficult to forecast. we sell to a variety of customers directly and through various channels, with a corresponding variety of sales cycles, and we recently reorganized our sales resources to improve the alignment of those resources with customer and market opportunities. the reorganization of our sales resources could result in short or long-term disruption of our sales cycles and harm our operating results. the majority of our sales are made and/or fulfilled indirectly through channel partners, including value-added resellers, systems integrators, distributors, original equipment manufacturers (oems) and strategic business partners, which now include hyperscalers. this structure significantly complicates our ability to forecast future revenue, especially within any particular fiscal quarter or year. moreover, our relationships with our indirect channel partners and strategic business partners are critical to our success. the loss of one or more of our key indirect channel partners in a given geographic area or the failure of our channel or strategic partners to promote our products could harm our operating results. qualifying and developing new indirect channel partners typically requires a significant investment of time and resources before acceptable levels of productivity are met. if we fail to maintain our relationships with our indirect channel partners and strategic partners, if their financial condition, business or customer relationships were to weaken, if they fail to comply with legal or regulatory requirements, or if we were to cease to do business with them for these or other reasons, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.
increasing competition and industry consolidation could harm our business and operating results.
the storage and data management markets are intensely competitive and are characterized by rapidly changing technology and fragmentation. we compete with many companies in the markets we serve, including established public companies, newer public companies with a strong flash focus, and new market entrants addressing the growing opportunity for hyper-converged systems. some offer a broad spectrum of it products and services (full-stack vendors) and others offer a more limited set of storage and data management products or services. technology trends, such as the emergence of hosted or public cloud storage, saas and flash storage are driving significant changes in storage architectures and solution requirements. cloud service providers provide customers storage for their data centers on demand, without requiring a capital expenditure, which meets rapidly evolving business needs and has changed the competitive landscape.
competitors may develop new technologies or products in advance of us or establish new business models, more flexible contracting models or new technologies disruptive to us. by extending our flash, converged infrastructure and cloud storage offerings, we are competing in new segments with both traditional competitors and new competitors, particularly smaller emerging storage vendors. the longer-term potential and competitiveness of these emerging vendors remains to be determined. in cloud and converged infrastructure, we also compete with large well-established competitors.
for additional information regarding our competitors, see the section entitled "competition" contained in item 1 - business of part i of this form 10-k. it is possible that new competitors or alliances among competitors might emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share or buying power. an increase in industry consolidation might result in stronger competitors that are better able to compete as full-stack vendors for customers and achieve increased economies of scale in the supply chain. for example, in october 2016, dell inc. and emc corp. consummated their agreement to merge. also, in april 2017, hp enterprise completed their acquisition of nimble storage. in addition, current and potential competitors have established or might establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties, including some of our partners or suppliers.
continuing uncertain economic and political conditions restrict our visibility and may harm our operating results, including our revenue growth and profitability.
continuing global economic uncertainty, political conditions and fiscal challenges in the united states (u.s.) and abroad have, among other things, limited our ability to forecast future demand for our products, contributed to increased periodic volatility in the computer, storage and networking industries at large, as well as the it market, and could constrain future access to capital for our suppliers, customers and partners. the impacts of these circumstances are global and pervasive, and the timing and nature of any ultimate resolution of these matters remain highly uncertain. consequently, we expect these concerns to challenge our business for the foreseeable future, which could cause harm to our operating results. such conditions have resulted, and may in the future again result, in failure to meet our forecasted financial expectations and to achieve historical levels of revenue growth.
our operating results have fluctuated in the past and will continue to do so, sometimes materially. all of the matters discussed in this risk factors section could impact our operating results in any fiscal quarter or year. in addition to those matters, we face the following issues, which could impact our quarterly results:
•   seasonality, such as our historical seasonal decline in revenues in the first quarter of our fiscal year and seasonal increase in revenues in the second quarter of our fiscal year, with the latter due in part to the impact of the u.s. federal government's september 30 fiscal year end on the timing of its orders; and
•   linearity, such as our historical intra-quarter bookings and revenue pattern in which a disproportionate percentage of each quarter's total bookings and related revenue occur in the last month of the quarter; and
•   unpredictability associated with larger scale enterprise software license agreements which generally take longer to negotiate and occur less consistently than other types of contracts, and for which revenue attributable to the software license component is typically recognized in full upon delivery.
if our operating results fall below our forecasts and the expectations of public market analysts and investors, the trading price of our common stock may decline.
if we are unable to maintain and develop relationships with strategic partners, our revenues may be harmed.
our growth strategy includes developing and maintaining strategic partnerships with major third-party software and hardware vendors to integrate our products into their products and also co-market our products with them. a number of our strategic partners are industry leaders that offer us expanded access to segments of the storage and data management markets. in particular, strategic partnerships with hyperscalers and cloud service vendors are critical to the success of our cloud-based business. however, there is intense competition for attractive strategic partners, and these relationships may not be exclusive, may not generate significant revenues and may be terminated on short notice. for instance, some of our partners are also partnering with our competitors, which may increase the availability of competing solutions and harm our ability to grow our relationships with those partners. moreover, some of our partners, particularly large, more diversified technology companies, are also competitors, thereby complicating our relationships. if we are unable to establish new partnerships or maintain existing partnerships, if our strategic partners favor their relationships with other vendors in the storage industry or if our strategic partners increasingly compete with us, we could experience lower than expected revenues, suffer delays in product development, or experience other harm to our business, operating results and financial condition.
a portion of our revenues is generated by large, recurring purchases from various customers, resellers and distributors. a loss, cancellation or delay in purchases by any of these parties has negatively affected our revenues in the past, and could negatively affect our revenues in the future.
a significant portion of our net revenues are generated through sales to a limited number of customers and distributors. we generally do not enter into binding purchase commitments with our customers, resellers and distributors for extended periods of time, and thus there is no guarantee we will continue to receive large, recurring orders from these customers, resellers or distributors. for example, our reseller agreements generally do not require minimum purchases, and our customers, resellers and distributors can stop purchasing and marketing our products at any time. in addition, unfavorable economic conditions may negatively impact the solvency of our customers, resellers and distributors or the ability of such customers, resellers and distributors to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products. if any of our key customers, resellers or distributors changes its pricing practices, reduces the size or frequency of its orders for our products, or stops purchasing our products altogether, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted.
our gross margins reflect a variety of factors, including competitive pricing, component and product design, and the volume and relative mix of revenues from product, software maintenance, hardware maintenance and other services offerings. increased component costs, increased pricing and discounting pressures, the relative and varying rates of increases or decreases in component costs and product prices, or changes in the mix of revenue or decreased volume from product, software maintenance, hardware maintenance and other services offerings could harm our revenues, gross margins or earnings. our gross margins are also impacted by the cost of any materials that are of poor quality and our sales and distribution activities, including, without limitation, pricing actions, rebates, sales initiatives and discount levels, and the timing of service contract renewals.
the costs of third-party components comprise a significant portion of our product costs. while we generally have been able to manage our component and product design costs, we may have difficulty managing these costs if supplies of certain components become limited or component prices increase. any such limitation could result in an increase in our product costs. an increase in component or design costs relative to our product prices could harm our gross margins and earnings.
if we do not achieve forecasted bookings in any quarter, our financial results could be harmed.
we derive a majority of our revenues in any given quarter from orders booked in the same quarter. bookings typically follow intra-quarter seasonality patterns weighted toward the back end of the quarter. if we do not achieve the level, timing and mix of bookings consistent with our quarterly targets and historical patterns, or if we experience cancellations of significant orders, our financial results could be harmed.
we rely on a limited number of suppliers for critical product components.
we rely on a limited number of suppliers for drives and other components utilized in the assembly of our products, including certain single source suppliers, which has subjected us, and could in the future subject us, to price rigidity, periodic supply constraints, and the inability to produce our products with the quality and in the quantities demanded. consolidation among suppliers, particularly within the semiconductor and disk drive industries, has contributed to price rigidity and may in the future create supply constraints. when industry supply is constrained, our suppliers may allocate volumes away from us and to our competitors, all of which rely on many of the same suppliers as we do. accordingly, our operating results may be harmed.
any disruption to our supply chain could materially harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
we do not manufacture our products or their components. instead, we rely on third parties to make our products and critical components, such as disk drives, as well as for associated logistics. our lack of direct responsibility for, and control over, these elements of our business, as well as the diverse international geographic locations of our manufacturing partners and suppliers, creates significant risks for us, including, among other things:
limited ability to control the quality, quantity and cost of our products or of their components;
the potential for binding price or purchase commitments with our suppliers at higher than market rates;
limited ability to adjust production volumes in response to our customers' demand fluctuations;
labor and political unrest at facilities we do not operate or own;
geopolitical disputes disrupting our supply chain;
•   business, legal compliance, litigation and financial concerns affecting our suppliers or their ability to manufacture and ship our products in the quantities, quality and manner we require; and
•   disruptions due to floods, earthquakes, storms and other natural disasters, particularly in countries with limited infrastructure and disaster recovery resources.
such risks have subjected us, and could in the future subject us, to supply constraints, price increases and minimum purchase requirements and our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. the risks associated with our outsourced manufacturing model are particularly acute when we transition products to new facilities or manufacturers, introduce and increase volumes of new products or qualify new contract manufacturers or suppliers, at which times our ability to manage the relationships among us, our manufacturing partners and our component suppliers, becomes critical. new manufacturers, products, components or facilities create increased costs and risk that we will fail to deliver high quality products in the required volumes to our customers. any failure of a manufacturer or component supplier to meet our quality, quantity or delivery requirements in a cost-effective manner will harm our business, operating results and customer relationships.
due to the global nature of our business, risks inherent in our international operations could materially harm our business.
a significant portion of our operations are located, and a significant portion of our revenues are derived, outside of the u.s. in addition, most of our products are manufactured outside of the u.s., and we have research and development, sales and service centers overseas. accordingly, our business and future operating results could be adversely impacted by factors affecting our international operations including, among other things, local political or economic conditions, trade protection and export and import requirements, tariffs, local labor conditions, transportation costs, government spending patterns, acts of terrorism, international conflicts and natural disasters in areas with limited infrastructure. in particular, the current trade tensions between the u.s. and china, including newly imposed tariffs, and the united kingdom's pending withdrawal from the european union, which is now scheduled to be effective on october 31, 2019, could impact our business and operating results. for products we manufacture in mexico, tensions between the u.s. and mexico related to trade and border security issues could delay our shipments to customers, or impact pricing or our business and operating results. in addition, due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to complex legal and regulatory requirements in the u.s. and the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and sell our products, including antitrust and anti-competition laws, rules and regulations, and regulations related to data privacy. we are also subject to the potential loss of proprietary information due to
piracy, misappropriation, or laws that may be less protective of our intellectual property rights than u.s. laws. such factors could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates as a result of our international operations. these exposures may change over time as business practices evolve, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. we utilize forward and option contracts in an attempt to reduce the adverse earnings impact from the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on certain assets and liabilities. our hedging strategies may not be successful, and currency exchange rate fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and cash flows. in addition, our foreign currency exposure on assets, liabilities and cash flows that we do not hedge could have a material impact on our financial results in periods when the u.s. dollar significantly fluctuates in relation to foreign currencies.
moreover, in many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is common to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures, or u.s. laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the foreign corrupt practices act. there can be no assurance that all our employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, will comply with these policies, procedures, laws and/or regulations. any such violation could subject us to fines and other penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
we often incur expenses before we receive related benefits, and expenses may be difficult to reduce quickly if demand declines.
we base our expense levels in part on future revenue expectations and a significant percentage of our expenses are fixed. it is difficult to reduce our fixed costs quickly, and if revenue levels are below our expectations, operating results could be adversely impacted. during periods of uneven growth or decline, we may incur costs before we realize the anticipated related benefits, which could also harm our operating results. we have made, and will continue to make, significant investments in engineering, sales, service and support, marketing and other functions to support and grow our business. we are likely to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the related anticipated benefits, such as revenue growth, and the return on these investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
we could be subject to additional income tax liabilities.
our effective tax rate is influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. these factors include among other things, fluctuations in our earnings and financial results in the various countries and states in which we do business, the outcome of income tax audits and changes to the tax laws in such jurisdictions. changes to any of these factors could materially impact our operating results.
we receive significant tax benefits from sales to our non-u.s. customers. these benefits are contingent upon existing tax laws and regulations in the u.s. and in the countries in which our international operations are located. future changes in domestic or international tax laws and regulations or a change in how we manage our international operations could adversely affect our ability to continue realizing these tax benefits.
many countries around the world are beginning to implement legislation and other guidance to align their international tax rules with the organisation for economic co-operation's base erosion and profit shifting recommendations and related action plans that aim to standardize and modernize global corporate tax policy, including changes to cross-border tax, transfer-pricing documentation rules and nexus-based tax incentive practices. as a result, many of these changes, if enacted, could increase our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our financial position and results of operations.
we are routinely subject to income tax audits in the u.s. and several foreign tax jurisdictions. if the ultimate determination of income taxes or at-source withholding taxes assessed under these audits results in amounts in excess of the tax provision we have recorded or reserved for, our operating results, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected.
our effective tax rate could also be adversely affected by different and evolving interpretations of existing law or regulations, which in turn would negatively impact our operating and financial results as a whole. additionally, our effective tax rate could also be adversely affected if there is a change in international operations, our tax structure and how our operations are managed and structured, and as a result, we could experience harm to our operating results and financial condition. the u.s. tax law changes enacted through the tax cuts and jobs act effective in december 2017 are subject to further interpretations from the u.s. federal and state governments and regulatory organizations, such as the treasury department and/or internal revenue service. changes to interpretations of the law could change the amount or accounting treatment of the expense we have recorded in relation to the transition tax. we have elected to pay the transition tax over a period of eight years. as result, our cash flows from operating activities will be adversely impacted until the additional tax provisions are paid in full.
if a data center or other third-party who relies on our products experiences a disruption in service or a loss of data, such disruption could be attributed to the quality of our products, thereby causing financial or reputational harm to our business.
our clients, including data centers, saas, cloud computing and internet infrastructure and bandwidth providers, rely on our products for their data storage needs. our clients may authorize third-party technology providers to access their data on our systems. because we do not control the transmissions between our clients, their customers, and third-party technology providers, or the processing of such data by third-party technology providers, we cannot ensure the complete integrity or security of such transmissions or processing. errors or wrongdoing by clients, their customers, or third-party technology providers resulting in security breaches may be attributed to us.
a failure or inability to meet our clients' expectations with respect to security and confidentiality through a disruption in the services provided by these third-party vendors, or the loss of data stored by such vendors, could result in financial or reputational harm to our business to the extent that such disruption or loss is caused by, or perceived by our customers to have been caused by, defects in our products. moreover, the risk of reputational harm may be magnified and/or distorted through the rapid dissemination of information over the internet, including through news articles, blogs, chat rooms, and social media sites. this may affect our ability to retain clients and attract new business.
if a cybersecurity or other security breach occurs on our systems or on our end-user customer systems, or if stored data is improperly accessed, customers may reduce or cease using our solutions, our reputation may be harmed and we may incur significant liabilities.
we store and transmit personal, sensitive and proprietary data related to our products, our employees, customers, clients and partners (including third-party vendors such as data centers and providers of saas, cloud computing, and internet infrastructure and bandwidth), and their respective customers, including intellectual property, books of record and personal information. it is critical to our business strategy that our infrastructure, products and services remain secure and are perceived by customers, clients and partners to be secure. there are numerous and evolving risks to cybersecurity and privacy, including criminal hackers, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, human error and technological vulnerabilities. cybersecurity incidents or other security breaches could result in (1) unauthorized access to, or loss or unauthorized disclosure of, such information; (2) litigation, indemnity obligations, government investigations and other possible liabilities; (3) negative publicity; and (4) disruptions to our internal and external operations. any of these could damage our reputation and public perception of the security and reliability of our products, as well as harm our business and cause us to incur significant liabilities. in addition, a cybersecurity incident or loss of personal information could result in other negative consequences, including remediation costs, disruption of internal operations, increased cybersecurity protection costs and lost revenues.
our clients and customers use our platforms for the transmission and storage of sensitive data. we do not review the information or content that our clients and their customers upload and store, and, therefore, we have no direct control over the substance of the information or content stored within our platforms. if our employees, or our clients, partners or their respective customers use our platforms for the transmission or storage of personal or other sensitive information and our security measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance, stolen or fraudulently obtained log-in credentials or otherwise, our reputation could be damaged, our business may be harmed and we could incur significant liabilities.
high-profile cyberattacks and security breaches have increased in recent years, and security industry experts and government officials have warned about the risks of hackers and cyberattacks targeting it products and businesses. because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. as we continue to increase our client base and expand our brand, we may become more of a target for third parties seeking to compromise our security systems and we anticipate that hacking attempts and cyberattacks will increase in the future. we cannot give assurance that we will always be successful in preventing or repelling unauthorized access to our systems.
many jurisdictions have enacted or are enacting laws requiring companies to notify regulators or individuals of data security incidents involving certain types of personal data. these mandatory disclosures regarding security incidents often lead to widespread negative publicity. moreover, the risk of reputational harm may be magnified and/or distorted through the rapid dissemination of information over the internet, including through news articles, blogs, chat rooms, and social media sites. any security incident, whether actual or perceived, could harm our reputation, erode customer confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures, negatively impact our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to elect not to renew their support contracts or their saas subscriptions, or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. our business could be subject to stricter obligations, greater fines and private causes of action under the enactment of new data privacy laws, including but not limited to, the european union general data protection regulation enacted on may 25, 2018 and the california consumer privacy act to be enacted on january 1, 2020.
there can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. our existing general liability insurance coverage and coverage for errors and omissions may not continue to be available on acceptable terms or may not be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or our insurers may deny coverage as to any future claim. the successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies,
including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
our success depends upon our ability to effectively plan and manage our resources and restructure our business in response to changing market conditions and market demand for our products, and such actions may have an adverse effect on our financial and operating results.
our ability to successfully offer our products and services in a rapidly evolving market requires an effective planning, forecasting, and management process to enable us to effectively scale and adjust our business in response to fluctuating market opportunities and conditions.
in response to changes in market conditions and market demand for our products, we have in the past undertaken cost savings initiatives. for example, in march 2016, november 2016, may 2018, and april 2019 we executed restructuring events designed to streamline our business, reduce our cost structure and focus our resources on key strategic opportunities. as a result, we have recognized substantial restructuring charges. in fiscal 2018, we created the storage systems and software, cloud data services, and cloud infrastructure business units to enable us to develop the organization and systems to successfully execute a multi-product business. we also reorganized our sales resources to better align with customer and market opportunities. we may in the future undertake initiatives that could include reorganizing our workforce, restructuring, disposing of, and/or otherwise discontinuing certain products, or a combination of these actions. rapid changes in the size, alignment or organization of our workforce, including our new business unit structure and sales account coverage, could adversely affect our ability to develop, sell and deliver products and services as planned or impair our ability to realize our current or future business and financial objectives. any decision to take these actions may result in charges to earnings associated with, among other things, inventory or other fixed, intangible or goodwill asset reductions (including, without limitation, impairment charges), workforce and facility reductions and penalties and claims from third-party resellers or users of discontinued products. charges associated with these activities would harm our operating results. in addition to the costs associated with these activities, we may not realize any of the anticipated benefits of the underlying restructuring activities.
if our products are defective, or are perceived to be defective as a result of improper use or maintenance, our gross margins, operating results and customer relationships may be harmed.
our hardware and software products are complex. we have experienced in the past, and expect to experience in the future, quality issues. such quality issues may be due to, for example, our own designs or processes, the designs or processes of our suppliers, and/or flaws in third-party software used in our products. quality risk is most acute when we are introducing new products. we have also increased the cadence of our product release cycle, which could impact product and service quality. quality issues have and could again in the future cause customers to experience outages or disruptions in service, data loss or data corruption. if we fail to remedy a product defect, we may experience a failure of a product line, temporary or permanent withdrawal from a product or market, damage to our reputation, loss of revenue, inventory costs or product reengineering expenses and higher ongoing warranty and service costs, and these occurrences could have a material impact on our gross margins, business and operating results. in addition, we exercise little control over how our customers use or maintain our products, and in some cases improper usage or maintenance could impair the performance of our products, which could lead to a perception of a quality issue. customers and we may experience losses that may result from or are alleged to result from defects in our products, which could subject us to claims for damages, including consequential damages.
if we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.
our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel and to preserve the key aspects of our corporate culture. because our future success is dependent on our ability to continue to enhance and introduce new products, we are particularly dependent on our ability to hire and retain qualified engineers, including in emerging areas of technology such as artificial intelligence and machine learning. in addition, to increase revenues, we will be required to increase the productivity of our sales force and support infrastructure to achieve adequate customer coverage. competition for qualified employees, particularly in silicon valley, is intense. we have periodically reduced our workforce, including an 11% reduction announced in march 2016, a 6% reduction announced in november 2016, and more minor reductions announced in fiscal 2019, and these actions may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified employees. our inability to hire and retain qualified management and skilled personnel, particularly engineers, salespeople and key executive management, could be disruptive to our development efforts, sales results, business relationships and/or our ability to execute our business plan and strategy on a timely basis and could materially and adversely affect our operating results.
equity grants are a critical component of our current compensation programs. if we reduce, modify or eliminate our equity programs, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining critical employees.
in addition, because of the structure of our sales, cash and equity incentive compensation plans, we may be at increased risk of losing employees at certain times. for example, the retention value of our compensation plans decreases after the payment of annual bonuses or the vesting of equity awards.
our acquisitions may not achieve expected benefits, and may increase our liabilities, disrupt our existing business and harm our operating results.
as part of our strategy, we seek to acquire other businesses and technologies to complement our current products, expand the breadth of our markets, or enhance our technical capabilities. for example, in may 2019 (fiscal 2020), we acquired a privately held company, in fiscal 2018 we acquired two privately held companies, and in fiscal 2016 we acquired solidfire, inc. the benefits we have received, and expect to receive, from these and other acquisitions depend on our ability to successfully conduct due diligence, negotiate the terms of the acquisition and integrate the acquired business into our systems, procedures and organizational structure. any inaccuracy in our acquisition assumptions or any failure to uncover liabilities or risks associated with the acquisition, make the acquisition on favorable terms, integrate the acquired business or assets as and when expected or retain key employees of the acquired company may reduce or eliminate the expected benefits of the acquisition to us, increase our costs, disrupt our operations, result in additional liabilities, investigations and litigation, and may also harm our strategy, our business and our operating results. the failure to achieve expected acquisition benefits may also result in impairment charges for goodwill and purchased intangible assets.
reduced u.s. government demand could materially harm our business and operating results. in addition, we could be harmed by claims that we have or a channel partner has failed to comply with regulatory and contractual requirements applicable to sales to the u.s. government.
the u.s. government is an important customer for us. however, government demand is uncertain, as it is subject to political and budgetary fluctuations and constraints. events such as the u.s. federal government shutdown from december 2018 to january 2019 and continued uncertainty regarding the u.s. budget and debt levels have increased demand uncertainty for our products, and in our fiscal 2016 resulted in lower sales to these customers. in addition, like other customers, the u.s. government may evaluate competing products and delay purchasing in the face of the technology transitions taking place in the storage industry. if the u.s. government or an individual agency or multiple agencies within the u.s. government continue to reduce or shift their it spending patterns, our revenues and operating results may be harmed.
selling our products to the u.s. government, whether directly or through channel partners, also subjects us to certain regulatory and contractual requirements. failure to comply with these requirements by either us or our channel partners could subject us to investigations, fines, and other penalties, which could materially harm our operating results and financial condition. as an example, the united states department of justice (doj) and the general services administration (gsa) have in the past pursued claims against and financial settlements with it vendors, including us and several of our competitors and channel partners, under the false claims act and other statutes related to pricing and discount practices and compliance with certain provisions of gsa contracts for sales to the federal government. although the doj and gsa currently have no claims pending against us, we could face claims in the future. violations of certain regulatory and contractual requirements, including with respect to data security, could also result in us being suspended or debarred from future government contracting. any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
initiatives intended to make our cost structure, business processes and systems more efficient may not achieve the expected benefits and could inadvertently have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
we continuously seek to make our cost structure and business processes more efficient, including by moving our business activities from higher-cost to lower-cost locations, outsourcing certain business processes and functions, and implementing changes to our business information systems. these efforts involve a significant investment of financial and human resources and significant changes to our current operating processes. in addition, as we move operations into lower-cost jurisdictions and outsource certain business processes, we become subject to new regulatory regimes and lose control of certain aspects of our operations and, as a consequence, become more dependent upon the systems and business processes of third-parties. if we are unable to move our operations, outsource business processes and implement new business information systems in a manner that complies with local law and maintains adequate standards, controls and procedures, the quality of our products and services may suffer and we may be subject to increased litigation risk, either of which could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. additionally, we may not achieve the expected benefits of these and other transformational initiatives, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
there are risks associated with our outstanding and future indebtedness.
as of april 26, 2019, we had $1.6 billion aggregate principal amount of outstanding indebtedness for our senior notes that mature at specific dates in calendar years 2019, 2021, 2022 and 2024, and we had an aggregate of $249 million of commercial paper notes outstanding with maturities ranging from 27 to 38 days. we may incur additional indebtedness in the future under existing credit facilities and/or enter into new financing arrangements. we may fail to pay these or additional future obligations, as and when required. specifically, if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations or to borrow sufficient funds in the future to service or refinance our debt, our business, operating results and financial condition will be harmed. any downgrades from credit rating agencies such as moody's investors service or standard & poor's rating services may adversely impact our ability to obtain additional financing or the terms of such financing and reduce the market capacity for our commercial paper. furthermore, if
prevailing interest rates or other factors result in higher interest rates upon any potential future financing, then interest expense related to the refinance indebtedness would increase.
in addition, all our debt and credit facility arrangements subject us to continued compliance with restrictive and financial covenants. if we do not comply with these covenants or otherwise default under the arrangements, we may be required to repay any outstanding amounts borrowed under these agreements. moreover, compliance with these covenants may restrict our strategic or operational flexibility in the future, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
we are exposed to credit risks and fluctuations in the market values of our investment portfolio.
we maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. credit ratings and pricing of our investments can be negatively affected by liquidity, credit deterioration, financial results, economic risk, political risk, sovereign risk or other factors. as a result, the value and liquidity of our investments may fluctuate substantially. therefore, although we have not recently realized any significant losses on our investments, future fluctuations in their value could result in a significant realized loss.
our failure to adjust to emerging standards in the storage and data management industry may harm our business.
emerging standards in the storage and data management markets may adversely affect the unix®, windows® and world wide web server markets upon which we depend. for example, we provide our open access data retention solutions to customers within the financial services, healthcare, pharmaceutical and government market segments, industries that are subject to various evolving governmental regulations with respect to data access, reliability and permanence in the u.s. and in the other countries in which we operate. if our products do not meet and continue to comply with these evolving governmental regulations in this regard, customers in these market and geographical segments will not purchase our products, and we may not be able to expand our product offerings in these market and geographical segments at the rates which we have forecasted.
some of our products are subject to u.s. export control laws and other laws affecting the countries in which our products and services may be sold, distributed, or delivered, and any violation of these laws could have a material and adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to import and export restrictions and regulations, including the export administration regulations administered by the commerce department's bureau of industry and security (bis) and the trade and economic sanctions regulations administered by the treasury department's office of foreign assets control (ofac). the u.s., through the bis and ofac, places restrictions on the sale or export of certain products and services to certain countries and persons. violators of these export control and sanctions laws may be subject to significant penalties, which may include significant monetary fines, criminal proceedings against them and their officers and employees, a denial of export privileges, and suspension or debarment from selling products to the federal government. our products could be shipped to those targets by third parties, including potentially our channel partners, despite our precautions.
if we were ever found to have violated u.s. export control laws, we may be subject to various penalties available under the laws, any of which could have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. even if we were not found to have violated such laws, the political and media scrutiny surrounding any governmental investigation of us could cause us significant expense and reputational harm. such collateral consequences could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
changes in regulations relating to our products or their components, or the manufacture, sourcing, distribution or use thereof, may harm our business and operating results.
the laws and regulations governing the manufacturing, sourcing, distribution and use of our products have become more complex and stringent over time. for example, in addition to various environmental laws relating to carbon emissions and the use and discharge of hazardous materials, the sec adopted regulations concerning the supply of certain minerals originating from the conflict zones of the democratic republic of congo or adjoining countries. we incur costs to comply with the disclosure requirements of this law and may realize other costs relating to the sourcing and availability of minerals used in our products. further, since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational harm if our customers or other stakeholders conclude that we are unable to verify sufficiently the origins of the minerals used in the products we sell. as the laws and regulations governing our products continue to expand and change, our costs are likely to rise, and the failure to comply with any such laws and regulations could subject us to business interruptions, litigation risks and reputational harm.
our failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
our success depends significantly upon developing, maintaining and protecting our proprietary technology. we rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions with employees, resellers, strategic partners and customers, to protect our proprietary rights. we currently have multiple u.s. and international patent applications pending and multiple u.s. and international patents issued. the pending applications may not be approved, and our existing and future patents may be challenged. if such challenges are brought, the patents may be invalidated. we may not be able to
develop proprietary products or technologies that are patentable, and patents issued to us may not provide us with any competitive advantages and may be challenged by third parties. further, the patents of others may materially and adversely affect our ability to do business. in addition, a failure to obtain and defend our trademark registrations may impede our marketing and branding efforts and competitive condition. litigation may be necessary to protect our proprietary technology. any such litigation may be time-consuming and costly. despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. in addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to as great an extent as do the laws of the u.s. our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate or our competitors may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our products, or design around patents issued to us or other intellectual property rights of ours. in addition, while we train employees in confidentiality practices and include terms in our employee and consultant agreements to protect our intellectual property, there is persistent risk that some individuals will improperly take our intellectual property after terminating their employment or other engagements with us, which could lead to intellectual property leakage to competitors and a loss of our competitive advantages.
we compete in markets in which intellectual property infringement claims arise in the normal course of business. third parties have, from time to time, asserted intellectual property-related claims against us, including claims for alleged patent infringement brought by non-practicing entities. such claims may be made against our products and services, our customers' use of our products and services, or a combination of our products and third-party products. we also may be subject to claims and indemnification obligations from customers and resellers with respect to third-party intellectual property rights pursuant to our agreements with them. if we refuse to indemnify or defend such claims, even in situations in which the third-party's allegations are meritless, then customers and resellers may refuse to do business with us.
patent litigation is particularly common in our industry. we have been, and continue to be, in active patent litigations with non-practicing entities. while we vigorously defend our ability to compete in the marketplace, there is no guarantee that, in patent or other types of intellectual property litigation, we will prevail at trial or be able to settle at a reasonable cost.  if a judge or jury were to find that our products infringe, we could be required to pay significant monetary damages and be subject to an injunction that could cause product shipment delays, require us to redesign our products, affect our ability to supply or service our customers, and/or require us to enter into compulsory royalty or licensing agreements.
we expect that companies in the network storage and data management markets will increasingly be subject to infringement claims as the number of products and competitors in our industry segment grows and the functionality of products in different industry segments overlaps. any such claims, and any such infringement claims discussed above, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, cause product shipment delays, require us to redesign our products, or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, any of which could materially and adversely affect our operating results. such royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all.
we rely on software from third parties, and a failure to properly manage our use of third-party software could result in increased costs or loss of revenue.
many of our products are designed to include software licensed from third parties. such third-party software includes software licensed from commercial suppliers and software licensed under public open source licenses. we have internal processes to manage our use of such third-party software. however, if we fail to adequately manage our use of third-party software, then we may be subject to copyright infringement or other third-party claims. if we are non-compliant with a license for commercial software, then we may be required to pay penalties or undergo costly audits pursuant to the license agreement. in the case of open-source software licensed under certain "copyleft" licenses, the license itself may require, or a court-imposed remedy for non-compliant use of the open source software may require, that proprietary portions of our own software be publicly disclosed or licensed. this could result in a loss of intellectual property rights, increased costs, damage to our reputation and/or a loss of revenue.
we are exposed to the credit and non-payment risk of our customers, resellers and distributors, especially during times of economic uncertainty and tight credit markets, which could result in material losses.
most of our sales to customers are on an open credit basis, with typical payment terms of 30 days. we may experience losses due to a customer's inability to pay. beyond our open credit arrangements, some of our customers have entered into recourse and non-recourse financing leasing arrangements using third-party leasing companies. under the terms of recourse leases, which are generally three years or less, we remain liable for the aggregate unpaid remaining lease payments to the third-party leasing companies in the event of end-user customer default. during periods of economic uncertainty, our exposure to credit risks from our customers increases. in addition, our exposure to credit risks of our customers may increase further if our customers and their customers or their lease financing sources are adversely affected by global economic conditions.
our business could be materially and adversely affected as a result of natural disasters, terrorist acts or other catastrophic events.
we depend on the ability of our personnel, inventories, equipment and products to move reasonably unimpeded around the world. any political, military, terrorism, global trade, world health or other issue that hinders this movement or restricts the import or export of materials could lead to significant business disruptions. furthermore, any economic failure or other material disruption caused by natural disasters, including fires, floods, hurricanes, earthquakes, and volcanoes; power loss or shortages; environmental disasters; telecommunications or business information systems failures or break-ins and similar events could also adversely affect our ability to conduct business. if such disruptions result in cancellations of customer orders or contribute to a general decrease in economic activity or corporate spending on it, or directly impact our marketing, manufacturing, financial and logistics functions, or impair our ability to meet our customer demands, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. our headquarters is located in northern california, an area susceptible to earthquakes and wildfires. if any significant disaster were to occur there, our ability to operate our business and our financial condition could be impaired.
our stock price is subject to volatility.
our stock price is subject to changes in recommendations or earnings estimates by financial analysts, changes in investors' or analysts' valuation measures for our stock, changes in our capital structure, including issuance of additional debt, changes in our credit ratings, our ability to pay dividends and to continue to execute our stock repurchase program as planned and market trends unrelated to our performance.
our ability to pay quarterly dividends and to continue to execute our stock repurchase program as planned will be subject to, among other things, our financial condition and operating results, available cash and cash flows in the u.s., capital requirements, and other factors. future dividends are subject to declaration by our board of directors, and our stock repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares. if we fail to meet any expectations related to dividends and/or stock repurchases, the market price of our stock could decline significantly, and could have a material adverse impact on investor confidence. additionally, price volatility of our stock over a given period may cause the average price at which we repurchase our own stock to exceed the stock's market price at a given point in time.
furthermore, speculation in the press or investment community about our strategic position, financial condition, results of operations or business can cause changes in our stock price. these factors, as well as general economic and political conditions and the timing of announcements in the public market regarding new products or services, product enhancements or technological advances by our competitors or us, and any announcements by us of acquisitions, major transactions, or management changes may adversely affect our stock price.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the financial statements and the accompanying notes set forth under item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data. the following discussion also contains trend information and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. the risk factors set forth in item 1a. - risk factors are hereby incorporated into the discussion by reference.
executive overview our company netapp is the data authority for hybrid cloud. we provide a full range of hybrid cloud data services that simplify management of applications and data across cloud and on-premises environments to accelerate digital transformation. together with our partners, we empower global organizations to unleash the full potential of their data to expand customer touchpoints, foster greater innovation and optimize their operations.
netapp delivers a data fabric built for the data-driven world. our data fabric simplifies the integration and orchestration of data for applications and analytics in clouds, across clouds and on-premises to accelerate digital transformation. we deliver a data fabric with consistent data services for data visibility and insights, data access and control, and data protection and security, that unleashes the power of data to achieve a new competitive advantage.
we focus on delivering an exceptional customer experience to become our customers' preferred data partner. netapp's unique approach to data services enables organizations to inspire innovation with the cloud, build clouds to accelerate new services, and modernize it architecture with cloud-connected flash.
with netapp products and solutions, customers can:
•   continually fuel business growth by delivering data-rich customer experiences through new application deployments that easily use data and services regardless of where they reside or in what form.
•   accelerate digital transformation by developing a next-generation, cloud-architected infrastructure that manages data and services as one integrated resource supporting both public and private clouds.
•   free the resources necessary to fund transformation by deploying the industry's leading flash storage solution, which is highly efficient and scales from the edge to the core to the cloud.
customers are attracted by the speed and scale benefits of the public cloud but need new data management capabilities to keep control of data as it moves beyond the walls of the enterprise. netapp believes the hybrid cloud is fast becoming the dominant model for enterprise it. our data fabric approach enables our customers to manage, secure and protect their data from on-premises to public to hybrid clouds, all at the scale needed to accommodate the exponential data growth of the digital world.
budget constraints and skill imbalances lead our customers to seek help in integrating, deploying and managing the solutions they need to stay competitive. this drives demand for converged and hyper-converged infrastructure solutions. flexpod is the converged infrastructure of choice for many of the largest enterprises around the globe. customers can break free from the limits of first-generation hci with netapp hci and attain guaranteed performance with high levels of flexibility, scale, automation, and integration with the data fabric.
flash plays a key role in customers' digital transformation efforts as they seek to gain advantage through greater speed, responsiveness and value from key business applications-all while lowering total cost of ownership. all-flash array technology is the de facto choice as customers seek performance and economic benefits from replacing hard disk installations. with a highly differentiated and broad portfolio of all-flash and hybrid array offerings, netapp is well positioned to enable customers to accomplish this transition.
to provide visibility into our transition from older products to our newer, higher growth products and clarity into the dynamics of our product revenue, we have historically grouped our products by "strategic" and "mature" solutions. strategic solutions include clustered ontap, branded e-series, solidfire, converged and hyper-converged infrastructure, enterprise software license agreements (elas) and other optional add-on software products. mature solutions include 7-mode ontap, add-on hardware and related operating system (os) software and original equipment manufacturers (oem) products. both our mature and strategic product lines include a mix of disk, hybrid and all flash storage media.
additionally, we provide a variety of services including software maintenance, hardware maintenance and other services including professional services, global support solutions, and customer education and training to help customers most effectively manage their data.
revenues generated by our cloud data services offerings are included in software maintenance revenues.
financial results and key performance metrics overview the following table provides an overview of some of our key financial metrics for each of the last three fiscal years (in millions, except per share amounts, percentages and cash conversion cycle):
gross profit                                                        $3,945                      $3,709                      $3,364
gross profit margin percentage                                          64   %                      63   %                      61   %
provision for income taxes                                             $99                      $1,083                        $140
•   net revenues: our net revenues increased 4% in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018. this was primarily due to an increase of 7% in product revenues, partially offset by a 3% decrease in software and hardware maintenance and other services revenues.
•   gross profit margin percentage: our gross profit margin as a percentage of net revenues increased by one percentage point in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018, reflecting an increase in gross profit margin on product revenues, and, to a lesser extent, an increase in gross profit margin on hardware maintenance and other services revenues.
•   provision for income taxes: our provision for income taxes decreased significantly in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 as significant charges were recorded in fiscal 2018 in connection with u.s. tax reform.
•   net income and diluted income per share: the increase in both net income and diluted net income per share in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 reflect the factors discussed above. diluted net income per share was favorably impacted by a 6% decrease in the annual weighted average number of dilutive shares, primarily due to share repurchases.
•   operating cash flows: operating cash flows decreased by 9% in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018, reflecting changes in operating assets and liabilities, partially offset by higher net income.
•   deferred revenue and financed unearned services revenue: total deferred revenue and financed unearned services revenue increased $305 million, or 9%, as of fiscal 2019 year end compared to fiscal 2018 year end primarily due to increases in the installed base and aggregate contract values under software and hardware maintenance contracts.
stock repurchase program and dividend activity during fiscal 2019, we repurchased 29 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $72.87 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $2.1 billion. we also declared cash dividends of an aggregate of $1.60 per share in fiscal 2019, for which we paid an aggregate of $403 million.
adoption of revenue accounting standard as of the beginning of fiscal 2019, we adopted the new accounting standard revenue from contracts with customers (asc 606) using the full retrospective method of adoption. accordingly, our prior years consolidated financial statements and supplementary data, as presented herein, have been restated to conform to the new rules. as illustrated in note 7 - revenue of the notes to consolidated financial statements, the overall impact of adoption was not significant to prior years. however, application of the new rules to our elas resulted in over $100 million of product revenues for such arrangements in fiscal 2019, that are incremental to the amounts we would have recognized under the old standard. under asc 606, we recognize the software license fee component of our elas up-front, whereas under the prior rules the software license fee was recognized over the term of the ela.
restructuring events during fiscal 2019, we announced two separate restructuring and reduction in workforce plans designed to reduce costs and redirect resources to our highest return activities. in connection with these plans, we reduced our worldwide headcount by less than 3%, and incurred aggregate charges of approximately $35 million, consisting primarily of employee severance costs.
joint venture during fiscal 2019, we formed a joint venture with lenovo (beijing) information technology ltd. ("lenovo") in china and, in february 2019, contributed assets to the newly formed entity, lenovo netapp technology limited ("lntl"), which began operations the same month, in exchange for a non-controlling 49% equity interest. the assets we contributed had an aggregate book value of $7 million, while the fair value of our equity interest in lntl was determined to be $80 million, resulting in a gain of $73 million. lntl will be integral to our sales channels strategy in china, acting as a distributor of our offerings to customers headquartered there, and involved in certain oem sales to lenovo. it will also endeavor to localize our products and services, and to develop new joint offerings for the china market by leveraging netapp and lenovo technologies.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states of america (gaap), which require management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net revenues and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. we believe that the accounting estimates employed and the resulting balances are reasonable; however, actual results may differ from these estimates and such differences may be material.
the summary of significant accounting policies is included in note 1 - description of business and significant accounting policies of the notes to consolidated financial statements. an accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, if different estimates reasonably could have been used, or if changes in the estimate that are reasonably possible could materially impact the financial statements. the accounting policies described below reflect the significant judgments, estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition our contracts with customers often include the transfer of multiple products and services to the customer. in determining the amount and timing of revenue recognition, we assess which products and services are distinct performance obligations and allocate the transaction price, which may include fixed and/or variable amounts, among each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price (ssp) basis. the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties included in this approach:
•   we evaluate whether products and services promised in our contracts with customers are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together.                                                                       •   in certain contracts, the determination of our distinct performance obligations requires significant judgment. as our business and offerings to customers change over time, the products and services we determine to be distinct performance obligations may change. such changes may adversely impact the amount of revenue and gross margin we report in a particular period.
•   in determining the transaction price of our contracts, we estimate variable consideration based on the expected value, primarily relying on our history. in certain situations, we may also use the most likely amount as the basis of our estimate.   •   we may have insufficient relevant historical data or other information to arrive at an accurate estimate of variable consideration using either the "expected value" or "most likely amount" method. additionally, changes in business practices, such as those related to sales returns or marketing programs, may introduce new forms of variable consideration, as well as more complexity and uncertainty in the estimation process.
•   in contracts with multiple performance obligations, we establish ssps based on the price at which products and services are sold separately. if ssps are not observable through   •   as our business and offerings evolve over time, modifications to our pricing and discounting methodologies, changes in the scope and nature of product and service offerings and/or changes in customer segmentation may result in a lack of consistency, making it difficult to establish and/or maintain ssps. changes in ssps could result in different and unanticipated allocations of revenue in contracts with multiple performance obligations. these factors, among others, may adversely impact the amount of revenue and gross margin we report in a particular period.
past transactions, we estimate them using available information including, but not limited to, market data and other observable inputs.
inventory valuation and purchase order accruals inventories consist primarily of purchased components and finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis. a provision is recorded when inventory is determined to be in excess of anticipated demand or obsolete in order to adjust inventory to its estimated realizable value. the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for estimating the value of our inventories:
•   we periodically perform an excess and obsolete analysis of our inventory. inventories are written down based on excess and obsolete reserves determined primarily on assumptions about future demand forecasts and market conditions. at the point of the loss recognition, a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.   •   although we use our best estimates to forecast future product demand, any significant unanticipated changes in demand or obsolescence related to technological developments, new product introductions, customer requirements, competition or other factors could have a significant impact on the valuation of our inventory. if actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected, additional write-downs and other charges against earnings that adversely impact gross margins may be required. if actual market conditions are more favorable, we may realize higher gross profits in the period when the written-down inventory is sold.
we are subject to a variety of environmental laws relating to the manufacture of our products. if there are changes to the current regulations, we may be required to make product design changes which may result in excess or obsolete inventory, which could adversely impact our operating results.
•   we make commitments to our third-party contract manufacturers and other suppliers to manage lead times and meet product forecasts and to other parties to purchase various key components used in the manufacture of our products. we establish accruals for estimated losses on non-cancelable purchase commitments when we believe it is probable that the components will not be utilized in future operations.                                                            •   if the actual materials demand is significantly lower than our forecast, we may be required to increase our recorded liabilities for estimated losses on non-cancelable purchase commitments which would adversely impact our operating results.
goodwill and purchased intangible assets we allocate the purchase price of acquisitions to identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair values based on established valuation techniques. goodwill represents the residual value as of the acquisition date, which in most cases is measured as the excess of the purchase consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
the carrying values of purchased intangible assets are reviewed whenever events and circumstances indicate that the net book value of an asset may not be recovered through expected future cash flows from its use and eventual disposition. we periodically review the estimated remaining useful lives of our intangible assets. this review may result in impairment charges or shortened useful lives, resulting in charges to our consolidated statements of operations.
we review goodwill for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of our reporting unit may exceed its fair value. the provisions of the accounting standard for goodwill allow us to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. for our annual goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, we performed a quantitative test and determined the fair value of our reporting unit substantially exceeded its carrying amount, therefore, found no impairment of goodwill.
the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for estimating the value of our goodwill and
purchased intangible assets:
•   the assessment of fair value for goodwill and purchased intangible assets is based on factors that market participants would use in an orderly transaction in accordance with the accounting guidance for the fair value measurement of nonfinancial assets.                                   •   while we employ experts to determine the acquisition date fair value of acquired intangibles, the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on significant management assumptions and estimates, which are inherently uncertain and highly subjective and as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. if different assumptions were to be used, it could materially impact the purchase price allocation.
the valuation of purchased intangible assets is principally based on estimates of the future performance and cash flows expected to be generated by the acquired assets from the acquired business.
•   evaluations of possible goodwill and purchased intangible assets impairment require us to make judgments and assumptions related to the allocation of our balance sheet and income statement amounts and estimate future cash flows and fair market values of our reporting unit and assets.   •   in response to changes in industry and market conditions, we could be required to strategically realign our resources and consider restructuring, disposing of, or otherwise exiting businesses, which could result in an impairment of goodwill or purchased intangible assets.
assumptions and estimates about expected future cash flows and the fair values of our reporting unit and purchased intangible assets are complex and subjective. they can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as the adverse impact of unanticipated changes in macroeconomic conditions and technological changes or new product introductions from competitors. they can also be affected by internal factors such as changes in business strategy or in forecasted product life cycles and roadmaps. our ongoing consideration of these and other factors could result in future impairment charges or accelerated amortization expense, which could adversely affect our operating results.
product warranties estimated future hardware and software warranty costs are recorded as a cost of product revenues at the time of product shipment. we assess the adequacy of our warranty accrual each quarter and adjust the amount as considered necessary.
the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for product warranties:
•   estimated future software and hardware warranty costs are based on historical and projected warranty claim rates, product failure rates, historical and projected materials and logistics costs, distribution and labor costs and knowledge of specific product failures that are outside of our typical experience. we also evaluate our estimates to assess the adequacy of our warranty liability considering the size of the installed base of products subject to warranty protection and adjust the estimates as necessary.   •   although we engage in product quality programs and processes, if we experience unexpected quality issues resulting in higher failure rates or experience increases in costs to remediate product failures, additional warranty costs may be incurred. additionally, for new products our warranty liability is based on limited historical experience. if our projections differ from such limited experience, our warranty costs may increase, which could adversely impact our gross margins.
valuation of investment securities our investments in debt securities are reported at fair value and are subject to periodic impairment review. unrealized gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of these securities are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax, unless they are determined to be other-than-temporary impairments. the ultimate value realized on these securities is subject to market price volatility until they are sold.
the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for the valuation of our investment securities:
•   the estimated fair value of our debt securities, and the associated accounting for unrealized losses is based on an evaluation of current economic and market conditions, the credit rating of the security's issuer, the length of time and extent the security's fair value has been below its amortized cost and our ability and intent to hold the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for anticipated recovery in value. if we determine that an investment has an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, we recognize the investment loss in earnings.   •   the fair value of our investments in debt securities could decrease significantly from uncertainties in the credit and capital markets, credit rating downgrades and/or solvency of the issuer, decreases in the marketability of the securities. if the fair value of our investments decreases significantly and, if because of changes in our ability and intent to continue to hold the securities or other factors, it is determined to be other-than-temporary, we may incur impairment charges that could adversely affect our results of operations.
income taxes we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. we compute our provision for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in effect for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized or settled. the company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized.
the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for our income taxes:
•   our income tax provision is based on existing tax law and advanced pricing agreements or letter rulings we have with various tax authorities.                                                                             •   our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely impacted by future changes in existing tax laws, such as a change in tax rate, possible u.s. changes to the taxation of earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, and uncertainties as to future renewals of favorable tax agreements and rulings.
•   the determination of whether we should record or adjust a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets is based on assumptions regarding our future profitability.                                                 •   our future profits could differ from current expectations resulting in a change to our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized. we could adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the tax provision in the period in which such determination is made.
•   the estimates for our uncertain tax positions are based primarily on company specific circumstances, applicable tax laws, tax opinions from outside firms and past results from examinations of our income tax returns.   •   significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions. although we believe our reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome or tax court rulings of these matters will not be different from that which is reflected in our historical tax provisions and accruals.
new accounting standards see note 2 - recent accounting standards not yet effective of the notes to consolidated financial statements for a full description of new accounting pronouncements, including the respective expected dates of adoption and effects on our financial statements.
results of operations our fiscal year is reported on a 52- or 53-week year that ends on the last friday in april. an additional week is included in the first fiscal quarter approximately every six years to realign fiscal months with calendar months. fiscal year 2019, which ended on april 26, 2019, fiscal year 2018, which ended on april 27, 2018, and fiscal year 2017, which ended on april 28, 2017, were each 52-week years. unless otherwise stated, references to particular years, quarters, months and periods refer to our fiscal years ended in april and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years.
the following table sets forth certain consolidated statements of operations data as a percentage of net revenues for the periods indicated:
software maintenance                                      15               15              16
cost of software maintenance                               1                -               1
gross profit                                              64               63              61
sales and marketing                                       27               29              30
research and development                                  13               13              14
restructuring charges                                      1                -               1
gain on sale or derecognition of assets                   (1   )           (4   )           -
income before income taxes                                21               20              11
provision for income taxes                                 2               18               3
percentages may not add due to rounding discussion and analysis of results of operations overview - net revenues for fiscal 2019 were $6,146 million, an increase of $227 million, or 4% compared to fiscal 2018, reflecting higher product and software maintenance revenues, partially offset by slightly lower hardware maintenance and other services revenues. net revenues for fiscal 2018 were $5,919 million, an increase of $428 million, or 8% compared to fiscal 2017, reflecting higher product revenues, partially offset by slightly lower hardware maintenance and other services revenues.
gross profit as a percentage of net revenues for fiscal 2019 increased by one and a half percentage points compared to fiscal 2018, reflecting higher margins on product revenues and hardware maintenance and other services revenues. gross profit margins on product revenues in fiscal 2019 increased two and a half percentage points compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to higher average selling prices (asps) and revenue recognized during fiscal 2019 related to the software license components of several elas, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations. gross profit as a percentage of net revenues for fiscal 2018 increased by one and a half percentage points compared to fiscal 2017, reflecting higher margins on product revenues, and slightly higher margins on hardware maintenance and other services revenues.
sales and marketing, research and development, and general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2019 totaled $2,762 million, or 45% of net revenues, representing a decrease of two percentage points compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to higher net revenues in the current year. sales and marketing, research and development, and general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2018 totaled $2,769 million, or 47% of net revenues, representing a decrease of two and a half percentage points compared to fiscal 2017, primarily due to higher net revenues in fiscal 2018, coupled with relatively consistent average headcount in both fiscal years.
2019               2018                  % change          2017                  % change net revenues          $6,146             $5,919         4             %          $5,491         8             %
the increase in net revenues for fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 was primarily due to an increase of $230 million in product revenues. product revenues as a percent of net revenues increased one and a half percentage points in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018.
the increase in net revenues for fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 was primarily due to an increase of $465 million in product revenues. product revenues as a percent of net revenues increased four percentage points in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017.
the following customers, each of which is a distributor, accounted for 10% or more of net revenues:
tech data corporation (previously presented as avnet, inc.)          20   %          20   %          20   %
2019               2018                  % change          2017                  % change product revenues          $3,755             $3,525         7             %          $3,060         15            %
product revenues are derived through the sale of our strategic and mature solutions, and consist of sales of configured systems, which are bundled hardware and software products, as well as add-on flash, disk and/or hybrid storage and related os, original equipment manufacturer (oem) products and add-on hardware and software.
product revenues from strategic solutions represented 72% of product revenues in fiscal 2019, compared to 70% in fiscal 2018. product revenues from mature solutions represented 28% of product revenues in fiscal 2019, compared to 30% in fiscal 2018.
total product revenues from strategic solutions totaled $2,709 million in fiscal 2019, reflecting a 10% increase from $2,468 million in fiscal 2018. this increase was primarily due to over $100 million of revenues from the software license component of several elas in fiscal 2019 which, under asc 606, were recognized up-front. comparable ela revenues were immaterial in fiscal 2018. revenues generated from the sale of optional add-on software unrelated to elas, and hyperconverged infrastructure solutions also increased in fiscal 2019, offset by a decrease in unit volume of clustered ontap systems. total product revenue from mature solutions totaled $1,046 million in fiscal 2019 reflecting a slight decrease from $1,057 million in fiscal 2018 due to our discontinuation of 7-mode systems in fiscal 2019, reflecting the movement of customers to our newer products, partially offset by an increase in add-on hardware, and related os software revenues.
total product revenues from strategic solutions totaled $2,468 million in fiscal 2018, reflecting a 23% increase from $2,000 million in fiscal 2017. this increase was primarily due to an increase in unit volume of clustered ontap systems and an increase in asp driven by sales of our all-flash fas products. total product revenue from mature solutions totaled $1,057 million in fiscal 2018, reflecting a slight decrease from $1,060 million in fiscal 2017, primarily due to a decrease in unit volume of 7-mode systems and a decrease in oem revenues, partially offset by an increase in add-on hardware, storage and related os revenues. these fluctuations reflect our planned transition of our product offerings and the adoption by our customers of our newer all-flash and hybrid-cloud compatible products.
software maintenance revenues (in millions, except percentages):
2019             2018                % change          2017                % change software maintenance revenues          $946             $902         5             %          $905                -      %
software maintenance revenues are associated with contracts which entitle customers to receive unspecified product upgrades and enhancements on a when-and-if-available basis, bug fixes and patch releases, as well as internet and telephone access to technical support personnel located in our global support centers.
the fluctuations in software maintenance revenues reflect fluctuations in the aggregate contract value of the installed base under software maintenance contracts, which is recognized as revenue ratably over the terms of the underlying contracts.
2019               2018                  % change           2017                  % change hardware maintenance and other services revenues          $1,445             $1,492                (3     )%          $1,526                (2     )%
united states, canada and latin america (americas)          56   %          54   %          55   %
percentages may not add due to rounding americas revenues consist of sales to americas commercial and united states (u.s.) public sector markets. during fiscal 2019, americas revenues as a percentage of net revenues increased, reflecting higher product revenues, while emea revenues decreased slightly, primarily reflecting the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations. our geographic distribution of revenues as a percentage of net revenues was relatively consistent in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017.
cost of revenues our cost of revenues consists of three elements: (1) cost of product revenues, which includes the costs of manufacturing and shipping our storage products, amortization of purchased intangible assets, inventory write-downs, and warranty costs, (2) cost of software maintenance, which includes the costs of providing software maintenance and third-party royalty costs and (3) cost of hardware maintenance and other services revenues, which includes costs associated with providing support activities for hardware maintenance, global support partnership programs, professional services and educational and training services.
2019               2018                  % change          2017                  % change cost of product revenues          $1,752             $1,738         1             %          $1,612         8             %
the changes in cost of product revenues consisted of the following (in percentage points of the total change):
percentage change points             percentage change points materials costs                   -                                           7
total change      1                                                           8
cost of product revenues represented 47%, 49% and 53% of product revenues for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. materials cost represented 90%, 91% and 91% of product costs for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
materials costs decreased $5 million in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to a decline in the price of certain product components. the average unit materials costs of clustered ontap systems decreased slightly in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018.
margins on revenue recognized for strategic solutions were higher in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to the benefit of high margins realized on the software license components of several elas, and, to a lesser extent, higher asps. margins for mature products also increased slightly in fiscal 2019. foreign exchange rate fluctuations resulted in a slight unfavorable impact to margins in fiscal 2019.
materials costs increased $108 million in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017, reflecting a 15% increase in materials costs related to strategic products, primarily due to higher unit volume of clustered ontap systems. the average unit materials costs of clustered ontap systems also increased slightly in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017.
an increase in asp for strategic systems resulted in higher margins for strategic products in fiscal 2018 compared to the prior year. margins in fiscal 2018 also benefitted from the favorable impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations. margins for mature products were relatively consistent in fiscal 2018 compared to the prior year.
cost of software maintenance revenues (in millions, except percentages):
2019           2018              % change          2017              % change cost of software maintenance revenues         $35            $25         40            %         $28                (11    )%
cost of software maintenance revenues in dollars was relatively flat in each fiscal year presented and represented 4%, 3% and 3% of software maintenance revenues for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
2019             2018                % change           2017                % change cost of hardware maintenance and other services revenues          $414             $447                (7     )%          $487                (8     )%
cost of hardware maintenance and other services revenues decreased $33 million, or 7%, in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 and decreased $40 million, or 8%, in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017, primarily due to the favorable impact of cost savings initiatives. costs represented 29%, 30% and 32% of hardware maintenance and other services revenues for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
operating expenses sales and marketing, research and development and general and administrative expenses compensation costs represent the largest component of operating expenses. included in compensation costs are salaries, benefits, other compensation-related costs, stock-based compensation expense and employee incentive compensation plan costs.
total compensation costs included in operating expenses decreased $15 million, or 1% during fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to lower incentive compensation expenses reflecting lower operating performance against goals, and, to a lesser extent, the favorable impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations, partially offset by higher salaries and benefits expense, reflecting a slight increase in average headcount.
total compensation costs included in operating expenses increased $21 million, or 1% during fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017, primarily due to higher incentive compensation expense, reflecting stronger operating performance against goals, and higher salary expense, reflecting merit increases and the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations. these increases were partially offset by lower stock-based compensation expense. average headcount was relatively consistent in both fiscal years.
sales and marketing (in millions, except percentages):
2019               2018                  % change           2017                  % change sales and marketing expenses          $1,657             $1,706                (3     )%          $1,651         3             %
sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of compensation costs, commissions, outside services, allocated facilities and it support costs, advertising and marketing promotional expense and travel and entertainment expense. the changes in sales and marketing expenses consisted of the following:
percentage change points                 percentage change points compensation costs                                (2              )                               1
facilities and it support costs                   (1              )                               -
total change                                      (3              )                               3
the decrease in compensation costs in fiscal 2019 reflects a slight reduction in average headcount and, to a lesser extent, the favorable impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations. facilities and it support costs decreased during fiscal 2019 primarily due to cost containment efforts.
the increase in compensation costs in fiscal 2018 reflects higher average salaries due to merit increases and the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations, partially offset by a slight reduction in average headcount. the increase in commissions expense was due to higher performance against sales goals.
research and development (in millions, except percentages):
2019             2018                % change          2017                % change research and development expenses          $827             $783         6             %          $779         1             %
research and development expenses consist primarily of compensation costs, allocated facilities and it support costs, depreciation, equipment and software related costs, prototypes, non-recurring engineering charges and other outside services costs. changes in research and development expense consisted of the following:
percentage change points        percentage change points compensation costs                                                      3                               1
development projects and outside services                               1                               1
facilities and it support costs                                         2                              (1   )
total change                                                            6                               1
the increase in compensation costs for fiscal 2019 was attributable to an increase in average headcount of 7%, resulting in higher salaries and benefits expense, that was partially offset by lower incentive compensation expense and, to a lesser extent, the favorable impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations. the average headcount increase reflects our investment in additional engineering resources to support the expansion and enhancement of products and solutions targeted at our most important customer and market opportunities. facilities and it support costs increased in fiscal 2019 in connection with the increase in average headcount.
development projects and outside services expense increased in each of fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018 as a result of higher spending on materials and services associated with engineering activities to develop new products and enhance existing products.
the increase in compensation costs for fiscal 2018 reflects higher incentive compensation expense than in fiscal 2017, partially offset by lower stock-based compensation expense.
2019             2018                % change           2017                % change general and administrative expenses          $278             $280                (1     )%          $271         3             %
general and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation costs, professional and corporate legal fees, outside services and allocated facilities and it support costs. changes in general and administrative expense consisted of the following:
percentage change points                 percentage change points compensation costs                                                            (3   )                              (4   )
facilities and it support costs                                                -                                   2
total change                                                                  (1   )                               3
the decrease in compensation costs for fiscal 2019 was primarily attributable to lower incentive compensation expense. while average headcount increased in fiscal 2019, salaries and benefits expense remained relatively flat because a greater percentage of employees were located in lower cost geographies. the slight increase in professional and legal fees and outside services expense in fiscal 2019 was due to higher spending levels on projects and outside services.
the decrease in compensation costs for fiscal 2018 reflects lower salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expenses due to an 8% decrease in average headcount, partially offset by higher incentive compensation expense. the increase in professional and legal fees and outside services expense in fiscal 2018 was primarily due to higher spending levels on projects and outside services, while the increase in facilities and it support costs was primarily due to an increase in spending on it projects.
restructuring charges (in millions, except percentages):
2019           2018              % change   2017              % change restructuring charges         $35          $-            nm               $52         nm in response to changes in market conditions and market demand for our products, in fiscal years 2019 and 2017, we initiated a number of business realignment plans designed to streamline our business, reduce our cost structure and focus our resources on key strategic opportunities, resulting in aggregate reductions of our global workforce of less than 3% in fiscal 2019, and approximately 6% in fiscal 2017, for which we recognized aggregate charges of $35 million and $52 million, respectively, consisting primarily of employee severance costs. see note 13 - restructuring charges of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more details regarding our restructuring plans.
gain on sale or derecognition of assets (in millions, except percentages):
2019              2018                 % change   2017                 % change gain on sale or derecognition of assets       $(73      )       $(218     )      nm             $(10      )      nm nm - not meaningful
in february 2019, we contributed cash and other assets with a total book value of $7 million to a newly formed joint venture with lenovo in exchange for a non-controlling 49% equity interest in the new entity. the value of our equity interest was determined to be $80 million, resulting in a gain of $73 million.
in september 2017, we entered into an agreement to sell certain properties previously classified as assets held-for-sale for a total of $306 million, through two separate and independent closings. during fiscal 2018, the first closing occurred, and we consummated the sale of properties with a net book value of $66 million, for cash proceeds of $210 million, resulting in a gain, net of direct selling costs, of $142 million.
in fiscal 2018 and 2017, our continuing involvement with properties subject to a sale-leaseback arrangement entered into in fiscal 2016 ended, and as a result we recorded non-cash sales of properties, extinguished the associated financing obligations and recognized gains of $76 million and $10 million, respectively.
2019              2018                 % change           2017                 % change interest income             $88               $79          11            %            $44          80            %
other income, net            17                24                 (29    )%             8          nm total                       $47               $41          nm                          $-          nm nm - not meaningful interest income increased during fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to a shift in our investment portfolio to higher-yielding investments, partially offset by a decrease in the size of the portfolio. interest income also increased during fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 due to a shift to higher-yielding investments, with the portfolio size being relatively consistent in each year.
the fluctuations in fiscal 2019 and 2018 compared to the respective prior years are primarily attributable to differences in net foreign exchange gains.
provision for income taxes (in millions, except percentages):
2019           2018                  % change           2017                % change provision for income taxes         $99             $1,083                (91    )%          $140         nm nm - not meaningful our effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 was 7.8% compared to an effective tax rate of 90.3% for fiscal 2018, and an effective tax rate of 22.5% for fiscal 2017. our effective tax rates reflect the impact of a significant amount of our earnings, primarily income from our european operations, being taxed in foreign jurisdictions at rates below the u.s. statutory tax rate. our effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 was substantially lower than for the prior year primarily due to the fiscal 2018 impacts of u.s. tax reform and the effects of the resolution of certain income tax examinations during fiscal 2019.
key components of the effective tax rate of 7.8% in fiscal 2019 included a benefit of $84 million, or 6.6 percentage points, from foreign profits taxed at effective tax rates lower than the u.s. federal statutory rate of 21%, a benefit of $48 million, or 3.8 percentage points, related to the effects on the resolution of certain income tax examinations, a benefit of $19 million, or 1.5 percentage points, attributable to stock-based compensation, and a benefit of $17 million, or 1.3 percentage points, from the generation of federal research credits.
key components of the effective tax rate of 90.3% in fiscal 2018 included a one-time transition tax charge on accumulated foreign earnings of approximately $732 million, or 61.0 percentage points, a charge of $108 million, or 9.0 percentage points, related to the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities due to tax rate changes, offset by a benefit of $108 million, or 9.0 percentage
points, from foreign profits taxed at effective tax rates lower than our blended u.s. federal statutory rate of 30.5%, and a tax benefit of $23 million, or 1.9 percentage points, attributable to stock-based compensation.
key components of the effective tax rate of 22.5% in fiscal 2017 included a benefit of $100 million, or 16.1 percentage points, from foreign profits taxed at effective tax rates lower than the u.s. federal statutory rate of 35%, and a tax charge of $16 million, or 2.6 percentage points, attributable to stock-based compensation.
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, we recognized a discrete benefit of $48 million arising from the effective settlement of an internal revenue service audit for fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2013. in addition, we are effectively subject to federal tax examination adjustments for tax years ended on or after fiscal 2001, in that we have carryforward attributes from these years that could be subject to adjustment in the tax years of utilization.
on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act (tcja) was enacted into law. the tcja made significant changes to the u.s. corporate income tax system including a reduction of the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, the imposition of a one-time transition tax on deferred foreign earnings, and the creation of new taxes on certain foreign-sourced earnings. asc 740, income taxes, requires companies to recognize the effect of the tax law changes in the period of enactment. however, the sec staff issued staff accounting bulletin 118, which allowed companies to record provisional amounts during a measurement period not to extend beyond one year from the tcja enactment date.
as a result of the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate change, effective as of january 1, 2018, we remeasured our deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the rates at which they are expected to reverse in the future periods. during fiscal 2018, we recorded $108 million of tax expense related to all tax rate changes. upon finalization of our provisional estimates during the third quarter of fiscal 2019, we recorded tax expense of $6 million related to deferred tax assets for equity-based compensation awards to our executives.
the tcja imposed a mandatory, one-time transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings and profits not previously subject to u.s. income tax at a rate of 15.5% on earnings to the extent of foreign cash and other liquid assets, and 8% on the remaining earnings. in fiscal 2018, we recorded a $732 million discrete tax expense for the estimated u.s. federal and state income tax impacts of the transition tax. in the third quarter of fiscal 2019, we finalized our computation of the transition tax and recorded a reduction of $5 million to our provisional estimate.
as of april 26, 2019, we have completed the accounting for the tax impacts of the tcja, however, we will continue to assess the impact of further guidance from federal and state tax authorities on our business and consolidated financial statements, and recognize any adjustments in the period in which they are determined.
under the tcja, the global minimum tax on intangible income (gmt) provisions impose a tax on foreign income in excess of a deemed return on tangible assets of foreign corporations. under u.s. gaap, companies are allowed to make an accounting policy election to either (i) account for gmt as a component of tax expense in the period in which a company is subject to the rules, or (ii) account for gmt in a company's measurement of deferred taxes. we have elected to recognize the gmt as a period cost and thus recorded $22 million of tax expense for federal and state impacts for fiscal 2019.
in october 2016, the fasb issued an asu which eliminates the deferred tax effects of intra-entity asset transfers other than inventory. as a result, tax expense from the sale of an asset in the seller's tax jurisdiction is recognized when the transfer occurs, even though the pre-tax effects of that transaction are eliminated in consolidation.
during fiscal 2017, we adopted a new accounting standard that simplifies stock-based compensation income tax accounting and presentation within the financial statements and recorded a charge of $18 million following the post-adoption rules which require that all excess tax benefits and deficiencies from stock-based compensation be recognized as a component of income tax expense.
we are currently undergoing various income tax audits in the u.s. and several foreign tax jurisdictions. transfer pricing calculations are key issues under these audits and are often subject to dispute and appeals.
in september 2010, the danish tax authorities issued a decision concluding that distributions declared in 2005 and 2006 by our danish subsidiary were subject to danish at-source dividend withholding tax. we do not believe that our danish subsidiary is liable for such withholding tax and filed an appeal with the danish tax tribunal. in december 2011, the danish tax tribunal issued a ruling in favor of netapp. the danish tax examination agency appealed this decision at the danish high court (dhc) in march 2012. in february 2016, the dhc requested a preliminary ruling from the court of justice of the european union (cjeu). parties were heard before the court in october 2017. in march 2018, the advocate general issued an opinion which was largely in favor of netapp. the cjeu was not bound by the opinion of the advocate general and issued its preliminary ruling in february 2019. the cjeu ruling did not preclude the danish tax authorities from imposing withholding tax on distributions based on the benefits of certain european union directives. the preliminary ruling will be reviewed and may be subjected to additional briefing by the dhc. once complete, the dhc will then issue its final decision. while the timing and outcome of a final decision on this matter is uncertain, we believe it is more likely than not that our distributions were not subject to withholding tax and we intend to vigorously defend any withholding tax claims by the danish tax authorities.
we continue to monitor the progress of ongoing discussions with tax authorities and the impact, if any, of the expected expiration of the statute of limitations in various taxing jurisdictions. we engage in continuous discussion and negotiation with taxing authorities regarding tax matters in multiple jurisdictions. we believe that within the next 12 months, it is reasonably possible that either certain audits will conclude, certain statutes of limitations will lapse, or both. as a result of uncertainties regarding tax audits and their possible outcomes, an estimate of the range of possible impacts to unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months cannot be made at this time.
liquidity, capital resources and cash requirements
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments        $3,899        $5,391
the following is a summary of our cash flow activities:
net cash provided by operating activities                                                 $1,341               $1,478
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                          704                  (21   )
net cash used in financing activities                                                     (2,631   )             (986   )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                (30   )               26
as of april 26, 2019, our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $3.9 billion, reflecting a decrease of $1.5 billion from april 27, 2018. the decrease was primarily due to $2.1 billion paid for the repurchase of our common stock, $403 million used for the payment of dividends, $173 million in purchases of property and equipment, and $136 million used for the net repayment of commercial paper notes, partially offset by $1.3 billion of cash provided by operating activities. working capital decreased by $1.7 billion to $1.7 billion as of april 26, 2019 primarily due to the decreases in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments discussed above, and the reclassification of $400 million principal amount of our senior notes to current liabilities.
cash conversion cycle the following table presents the components of our cash conversion cycle for the fourth quarter of each of the past three fiscal years:
(1)   days sales outstanding, referred to as dso, calculates the average collection period of our receivables. dso is based on ending accounts receivable and net revenue for each period. dso is calculated by dividing accounts receivable by average net revenue per day for the current quarter (91 days for each of the fourth quarters presented above). the year over year increases in dso in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018 were primarily due to less favorable shipping linearity and, in the case of fiscal 2019, one of our major distributors choosing not to take advantage of an early payment discount.
(2)   days inventory outstanding, referred to as dio, measures the average number of days from procurement to sale of our products. dio is based on ending inventory and cost of revenues for each period. dio is calculated by dividing ending inventory by average cost of revenues per day for the current quarter. the increase in dio in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 compared to the corresponding period of fiscal 2018 was primarily due to higher levels of finished goods on hand at the end of fiscal 2019. compared to the corresponding period in fiscal 2017, the decrease in dio in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 was due primarily to strong product sales towards the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018.
(3)   days payables outstanding, referred to as dpo, calculates the average number of days our payables remain outstanding before payment. dpo is based on ending accounts payable and cost of revenues for each period. dpo is calculated by dividing accounts payable by average cost of revenues per day for the current quarter. dpo for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 was relatively unchanged compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, while it increased compared to the corresponding period in fiscal 2017 was primarily the result of improved vendor payables management and extensions of payment terms with our suppliers.
(4)   the cash conversion cycle is the sum of dso and dio less dpo. items which may cause the cash conversion cycle in a particular period to differ include, but are not limited to, changes in business mix, changes in payment terms (including extended payment terms from suppliers), the extent of shipment linearity, seasonal trends and the timing of revenue recognition and inventory purchases within the period.
cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2019, we generated cash from operating activities of $1.3 billion, reflecting net income of $1.2 billion, adjusted by non-cash depreciation and amortization of $197 million, stock-based compensation of $158 million and a gain on derecognition of assets of $73 million.
changes in assets and liabilities during fiscal 2019 included the following:
•   deferred revenue and financed unearned services revenue increased $343 million, primarily due to an increase in deferred software and hardware maintenance contract revenue associated with a growing installed base.
•   long-term taxes payable decreased $164 million, primarily due to transition taxes associated with u.s. tax reform.
during fiscal 2018, we generated cash from operating activities of $1.5 billion, reflecting net income of $116 million, adjusted by non-cash depreciation and amortization of $198 million, stock-based compensation of $161 million, a deferred income tax provision of $270 million, and a gain on sale of properties of $218 million.
changes in assets and liabilities during fiscal 2018 included the following:
•   long-term taxes payable increased $714 million, primarily due to a one-time transition tax liability recorded as a result of the impact of u.s. tax reform, which will be paid over a period of eight years.
we expect that cash provided by operating activities may materially fluctuate in future periods due to a number of factors, including fluctuations in our operating results, shipment linearity, accounts receivable collections performance, inventory and supply chain management, vendor payment initiatives, tax benefits or charges from stock-based compensation, and the timing and amount of compensation and other payments.
cash flows from investing activities during fiscal 2019, we generated $876 million from maturities and sales of investments, net of purchases, and paid $173 million for capital expenditures.
during fiscal 2018, we used $10 million for the purchases of investments, net of maturities and sales, and paid $145 million for capital expenditures. additionally, we paid $75 million to acquire two privately-held companies, and received proceeds of $210 million from the sale of properties.
cash flows from financing activities during fiscal 2019, we used $2.1 billion for the repurchase of 29 million shares of our common stock, $403 million for the payment of dividends, and $136 million for the repayment of commercial paper notes, net.
during fiscal 2018, we used $750 million to redeem our senior notes due in december 2017, $115 million for the repayment of commercial paper notes, net, $794 million for the repurchase of 15 million shares of our common stock, $214 million for the payment of dividends, and generated $795 million in cash from the issuance of long-term debt.
key factors that could affect our cash flows include changes in our revenue mix and profitability, our ability to effectively manage our working capital, in particular, accounts receivable, accounts payable and inventories, the timing and amount of stock repurchases and payment of cash dividends, the impact of foreign exchange rate changes, our ability to effectively integrate acquired products, businesses and technologies, and the timing of repayments of our debt. based on past performance and our current business outlook, we believe that our sources of liquidity, including potential future issuances of debt, equity or other securities, will satisfy our working capital needs, capital expenditures, investment requirements, stock repurchases, cash dividends, contractual obligations, commitments, principal and interest payments on our debt and other liquidity requirements associated with operations and meet our cash requirements for at least the next 12 months. however, in the event our liquidity is insufficient, we may be required to curtail spending and implement additional cost saving measures and restructuring actions or enter into new financing arrangements. we cannot be certain that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels or that we will be able to obtain additional financing, if necessary, on satisfactory terms, if at all.
liquidity our principal sources of liquidity as of april 26, 2019 consisted of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, cash we expect to generate from operations, and our commercial paper program and related credit facility.
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments consisted of the following (in millions):
short-term investments             1,574          2,450
as of april 26, 2019 and april 27, 2018, $3.7 billion and $4.5 billion, respectively, of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were held by various foreign subsidiaries and were generally based in u.s. dollar-denominated holdings, while $0.2 billion and $0.9 billion, respectively, were available in the u.s. the tcja imposes a one-time transition tax on substantially all accumulated foreign earnings through december 31, 2017, and generally allows companies to make distributions of foreign earnings without incurring additional federal taxes. as a part of the recognition of the impacts of the tcja, we have reviewed our projected global cash requirements and have determined that certain historical and future foreign earnings will no longer be indefinitely reinvested.
our principal liquidity requirements are primarily to meet our working capital needs, support ongoing business activities, fund research and development, meet capital expenditure needs, invest in critical or complementary technologies, service interest and principal payments on our debt, fund our stock repurchase program, and pay dividends, as and if declared.
the principal objectives of our investment policy are the preservation of principal and maintenance of liquidity. we attempt to mitigate default risk by investing in high-quality investment grade securities, limiting the time to maturity and monitoring the counter-parties and underlying obligors closely. we believe our cash equivalents and short-term investments are liquid and accessible. we are not aware of any significant deterioration in the fair value of our cash equivalents or investments from the values reported as of april 26, 2019.
our investment portfolio has been and will continue to be exposed to market risk due to trends in the credit and capital markets. we continue to closely monitor current economic and market events to minimize the market risk of our investment portfolio. we routinely monitor our financial exposure to both sovereign and non-sovereign borrowers and counterparties. we utilize a variety of planning and financing strategies in an effort to ensure our worldwide cash is available when and where it is needed. based on past performance and current expectations, we believe our cash and cash equivalents, investments, cash generated from operations, and ability to access capital markets and committed credit lines will satisfy, through at least the next 12 months, our liquidity requirements, both in total and domestically, including the following: working capital needs, capital expenditures, stock repurchases, cash dividends, contractual obligations, commitments, principal and interest payments on debt, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations. we also have an automatic shelf registration statement on file with the securities and exchange commission (sec). we may in the future offer an additional unspecified amount of debt, equity and other securities.
interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually. for further information on the underlying terms, see note 10 - financing arrangements of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
commercial paper program and credit facility we have a commercial paper program (the program), under which we may issue unsecured commercial paper notes. amounts available under the program may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed, with the aggregate face or principal amount of the notes outstanding under the program at any time not to exceed $1.0 billion. the maturities of the notes can vary, but may not exceed 397 days from the date of issue. the notes are sold under customary terms in the commercial paper market and may be issued at a discount
from par or, alternatively, may be sold at par and bear interest at rates dictated by market conditions at the time of their issuance. the proceeds from the issuance of the notes are used for general corporate purposes. as of april 26, 2019, we had commercial paper notes outstanding with an aggregate principal amount of $249 million, a weighted-average interest rate of 2.73% and maturities ranging from 27 days to 38 days.
in connection with the program, we have a senior unsecured credit agreement that expires on december 10, 2021. the credit agreement provides a $1.0 billion revolving unsecured credit facility that serves as a back-up for the program. proceeds from the facility may also be used for general corporate purposes, providing another potential source of liquidity to the extent that the credit facility exceeds the outstanding debt issued under the program. the credit agreement also includes options that allow us to request an increase in the facility of up to an additional $300 million and to extend its maturity date for two additional one-year periods, both subject to certain conditions. as of april 26, 2019, we were in compliance with all associated covenants in this agreement. no amounts were drawn against this facility during any of the periods presented.
capital expenditure requirements we expect to fund our capital expenditures, including our commitments related to facilities, equipment, operating leases and internal-use software development projects over the next few years through existing cash, cash equivalents, investments and cash generated from operations. the timing and amount of our capital requirements cannot be precisely determined and will depend on a number of factors, including future demand for products, changes in the network storage industry, hiring plans and our decisions related to the financing of our facilities and equipment requirements. we anticipate capital expenditures for fiscal 2020 to be between $150 million and $200 million.
dividends and stock repurchase program on may 22, 2019, we declared a cash dividend of $0.48 per share of common stock, payable on july 24, 2019 to holders of record as of the close of business on july 5, 2019.
as of april 26, 2019, our board of directors had authorized the repurchase of up to $13.6 billion of our common stock under our stock repurchase program. under this program, we may purchase shares of our outstanding common stock through solicited or unsolicited transactions in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, through accelerated share repurchase programs, pursuant to a rule 10b5-1 plan or in such other manner as deemed appropriate by our management. the stock repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. since the may 13, 2003 inception of this program through april 26, 2019, we repurchased a total of 313 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $37.46 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $11.7 billion. as of april 26, 2019, the remaining authorized amount for stock repurchases under this program was $1.9 billion.
the timing and amount of stock repurchase transactions and future dividends will depend on market conditions, corporate business and financial considerations and regulatory requirements.
contractual obligations the impact of contractual obligations on our liquidity and capital resources in future periods should be analyzed in conjunction with the factors that impact our cash flows from operations discussed previously. the following table summarizes our contractual obligations at april 26, 2019 (in millions):
commitments purchase commitments with contract          449         -         -         -         -               -           449
total off-balance sheet commitments         635        93        55        20        14              22           839
uncertain tax positions (5)                                                                                       252
(1)   contract manufacturer commitments consist of obligations for on-hand inventories and non-cancelable purchase orders with our contract manufacturers. we record a liability for firm, non-cancelable and unconditional purchase commitments with contract manufacturers for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts. as of april 26, 2019, such liability amounted to $16 million and is included in accrued expenses in our consolidated balance sheets. to the extent that such forecasts are not achieved, our commitments and associated accruals may change.
(2)   other purchase obligations represent an estimate of all open purchase orders and contractual obligations associated with our ordinary course of business, excluding inventory commitments with contract manufacturers, for which we have not received the goods or services. purchase obligations do not include contracts that may be canceled without penalty. although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, the terms generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services.
(4)   included in long-term debt are obligations related to our $1.6 billion principal amount of our senior notes, of which $400 million is due in september 2019, $500 million is due in june 2021, $250 million is due in december 2022 and $400 million is due in september 2024. estimated interest payments for our long-term debt, assuming no early retirement of debt obligations, are $151 million for fiscal 2020 through fiscal 2025.
(5)   as of april 26, 2019, our liability for uncertain tax positions was $252 million, including interest, penalties and certain income tax benefits, which due to the uncertainty of the timing of future payments, is presented in the total column on a separate line in this table.
some of the amounts in the table above are based on management's estimates and assumptions, including the commitment duration, the possibility of renewal or termination, anticipated actions by management and third parties and other factors. because these estimates and assumptions are subjective, our actual future obligations may vary from those reflected in the table.
financing guarantees while most of our arrangements for sales include short-term payment terms, from time to time we provide long-term financing to creditworthy customers. we have generally sold receivables financed through these arrangements on a non-recourse basis to third party financing institutions within 10 days of the contracts' dates of execution, and we classify the proceeds from these sales as cash flows from operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. we account for the sales of these receivables as "true sales" as defined in the accounting standards on transfers of financial assets, as we are considered to have surrendered control of these financing receivables. provided all other revenue recognition criteria have been met, we recognize product revenues for these arrangements, net of any payment discounts from financing transactions, upon product acceptance. we sold $87 million and $67 million of receivables during fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively.
in addition, we enter into arrangements with leasing companies for the sale of our hardware systems products. these leasing companies, in turn, lease our products to end-users. the leasing companies generally have no recourse to us in the event of default by the end-user and we recognize revenue upon delivery to the end-user customer, if all other revenue recognition criteria have been met.
some of the leasing arrangements described above have been financed on a recourse basis through third-party financing institutions. under the terms of recourse leases, which are generally three years or less, we remain liable for the aggregate unpaid remaining lease payments to the third-party leasing companies in the event of end-user customer default. these arrangements are generally collateralized by a security interest in the underlying assets. where we provide a guarantee for recourse leases, we recognize revenues in accordance with our revenue recognition policy, as updated to reflect the adoption of asc 606. in connection with certain recourse financing arrangements, we receive advance payments associated with undelivered elements that are subject to customer refund rights. we defer revenue associated with these advance payments until the related refund rights expire and we perform the services. as of april 26, 2019 and april 27, 2018, the aggregate amount by which such contingencies exceeded the associated liabilities was not significant. to date, we have not experienced significant losses under our lease financing programs or other financing arrangements.
we have entered into service contracts with certain of our end-user customers that are supported by third-party financing arrangements. if a service contract is terminated as a result of our non-performance under the contract or our failure to comply with the terms of the financing arrangement, we could, under certain circumstances, be required to acquire certain assets related to the service contract or to pay the aggregate unpaid financing payments under such arrangements. as of april 26, 2019, we have not been required to make any payments under these arrangements, and we believe the likelihood of having to acquire a material amount of assets or make payments under these arrangements is remote. the portion of the financial arrangement that represents unearned services revenue is included in deferred revenue and financed unearned services revenue in our consolidated balance sheets.
indemnification agreements we enter into indemnification agreements with third parties in the ordinary course of business. generally, these indemnification agreements require us to reimburse losses suffered by the third-parties due to various events, such as lawsuits arising from patent or copyright infringement. these indemnification obligations are considered off-balance sheet arrangements under accounting guidance.
legal contingencies we are subject to various legal proceedings and claims which arise in the normal course of business. see further details on such matters in note 18 - commitments and contingencies of the notes to consolidated financial statements.