item 1a.   risk factors.
the following are significant risks which could have a material negative impact on the company's financial condition or results of operations.
business and industry risks commercial truck market demand is variable. the company's business is highly sensitive to global and national economic conditions as well as economic conditions in the industries and markets it serves. negative economic conditions and outlook can materially weaken demand for the company's equipment and services. the yearly demand for commercial vehicles may increase or decrease more than overall gross domestic product in markets the company serves, which are principally north america and europe. demand for commercial vehicles may also be affected by the introduction of new vehicles and technologies by the company or its competitors.
competition and prices. the company operates in a highly competitive environment, which could adversely affect the company's sales and pricing. financial results depend largely on the ability to develop, manufacture and market competitive products that profitably meet customer demand.
production costs and supplier capacity. the company's products are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs. commodity or component price increases and significant shortages of component products may adversely impact the company's financial results or use of its production capacity. many of the company's suppliers also supply automotive manufacturers, and factors that adversely affect the automotive industry can also have adverse effects on these suppliers and the company. supplier delivery performance can be adversely affected if increased demand for these suppliers' products exceeds their production capacity. unexpected events, including natural disasters, may increase the company's cost of doing business or disrupt the company's or its suppliers' operations.
the recent outbreak of the coronavirus "covid-19" in china has resulted in work stoppages at certain suppliers in china that are part of the company's supply chain. as of february 19, 2020, the company has not experienced shortages in supply as a result of the interruptions, but if the work stoppages were to be prolonged or expanded in scope, there could be resulting supply shortages which could impact the company's ability to deliver trucks and parts to customers on schedule and have an adverse effect on the company's revenues and profits.
liquidity risks, credit ratings and costs of funds. disruptions or volatility in global financial markets could limit the company's sources of liquidity, or the liquidity of customers, dealers and suppliers. a lowering of the company's credit ratings could increase the cost of borrowing and adversely affect access to capital markets. the company's financial services segment obtains funds for its operations from commercial paper, medium-term notes and bank debt. if the markets for commercial paper, medium-term notes and bank debt do not provide the necessary liquidity in the future, the financial services segment may experience increased costs or may have to limit its financing of retail and wholesale assets. this could result in a reduction of the number of vehicles the company is able to produce and sell to customers.
the financial services industry is highly competitive. the company's financial services segment competes with banks, other commercial finance companies and financial services firms which may have lower costs of borrowing, higher leverage or market share goals that result in a willingness to offer lower interest rates, which may lead to decreased margins, lower market share or both. a decline in the company's truck unit sales and a decrease in truck residual values and used truck inventory values due to lower used truck pricing are also factors which may affect the company's financial services segment.
the financial services segment is subject to credit risk. the financial services segment is exposed to the risk of loss arising from the failure of a customer, dealer or counterparty to meet the terms of the loans, leases and derivative contracts with the company.
although the financial assets of the financial services segment are secured by underlying equipment collateral, in the event a customer cannot meet its obligations to the company, there is a risk that the value of the underlying collateral will not be sufficient to recover the amounts owed to the company, resulting in credit losses.
interest-rate risks. the financial services segment is subject to interest-rate risks, because increases in interest rates can reduce demand for its products, increase borrowing costs and potentially reduce interest margins. pfs uses derivative contracts to match the interest rate characteristics of its debt to the interest rate characteristics of its finance receivables in order to mitigate the risk of changing interest rates.
information technology. the company relies on information technology systems and networks to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of its business processes and activities. these computer systems and networks may be subject to disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components; power outages; hardware failures; computer viruses; or outside parties attempting to disrupt the company's business or gain unauthorized access to the company's electronic data. the company maintains and continues to invest in protections to guard against such events. examples of these protections include conducting third-party penetration tests, implementing software detection and prevention tools, event monitoring, and disaster recoverability. additionally the company maintains a cybersecurity insurance policy. despite these safeguards, there remains a risk of system disruptions, unauthorized access and data loss.
if the company's computer systems were to be damaged, disrupted or breached, it could impact data availability and integrity, result in a theft of the company's intellectual property or lead to unauthorized disclosure of confidential information of the company's customers, suppliers and employees. security breaches could also result in a violation of u.s. and international privacy and other laws and subject the company to various litigations and governmental proceedings. these events could have an adverse impact on the company's results of operations and financial condition, damage its reputation, disrupt operations and negatively impact competitiveness in the marketplace.
political, regulatory and economic risks multinational operations. the company's global operations are exposed to political, economic and other risks and events beyond its control in the countries in which the company operates. the company may be adversely affected by political instabilities, fuel shortages or interruptions in utility or transportation systems, natural calamities, wars, terrorism and labor strikes. changes in government monetary or fiscal policies and international trade policies may impact demand for the company's products, financial results and competitive position. paccar's global operations are subject to extensive trade, competition and anti-corruption laws and regulations that could impose significant compliance costs.
u.k. exit from the european union (eu). the u.k. formally exited the eu on january 31, 2020. under the withdrawal agreement between the u.k. and the eu, there is a transition period that will last until december 31, 2020. during the transition period, all eu rules and regulations will continue to apply to the u.k. during 2020, the u.k. and the eu intend to conclude new agreements concerning their future relationship. if no agreement is reached during the transition period, and there is no mutually agreed extension of the transition period, the standard trade protocols of the world trade organization (wto) would become effective.
the company manufactures medium- and heavy-duty daf trucks in the u.k. which are sold primarily in the u.k. and to a lesser extent in europe and other world markets. in 2019, approximately 10% of the company's worldwide truck production was manufactured in the u.k. in the event standard trade protocols of the wto become effective, it is anticipated there would be an increase in tariffs on truck components and parts from the eu which would increase the cost of all trucks and parts in the u.k. the higher cost of trucks and parts may impact truck and parts sales and margins which could have an adverse impact on the company's results of operations. the company's results could also be impacted by the uncertainty regarding timing and terms of the final agreement, which could cause delays in capital investment decisions.
libor (london inter-bank offered rate) transition. certain financing provided by pfs to dealers and retail customers, as well as financing extended to pfs are based on variable interest rate contracts. these contracts utilize various benchmark rates, including libor, to establish applicable contract interest rates. paccar also utilizes hedging instruments and has line of credit arrangements which reference libor (including other similar benchmark rates). in july 2017, the u.k. financial conduct authority, which regulates libor, announced it intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for calculation of libor after 2021. at this time it is not clear if libor will continue to exist, and if not, what alternative benchmark rate will replace libor. any new benchmark rate will likely not replicate libor exactly, which could impact currently active contracts which terminate after 2021.
substantially all of the company's contracts which reference libor, including dealer wholesale financing contracts, medium-term notes, hedging instruments and line of credit arrangements, include fall-back language that specifies the methods to establish contract interest rates in the absence of libor, or provide for the use of an alternative benchmark rate should libor be discontinued.
the company has retail loan and lease contracts with a current balance of approximately $220 million, or less than 1.4% of pfs assets, that extend beyond 2021 and do not contain fall-back language or provide for the use of an alternative benchmark rate. the company will seek to amend these contracts to allow for the use of an alternative benchmark rate.
changes to benchmark rates will have an uncertain impact on finance receivables and other financial obligations, our current or future cost of funds and/or access to capital markets. the company will attempt to minimize the impact of differences between the current and replacement benchmark rates through pricing adjustments on the financing provided by pfs, but it is not certain the company will be able to do so. based on the current balance of contracts referencing libor (including other similar benchmark rates), it is estimated that for a 10 basis point difference between the current and replacement benchmark rates that the company is unable to recover through pricing adjustments, income before income taxes would decrease by approximately $2 million. accordingly, the company does not expect the anticipated changes to the use of libor as a benchmark rate will have a material impact on the results of operations.
environmental regulations. the company's operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs. the company could experience higher research and development and manufacturing costs due to changes in government requirements for its products, including changes in emissions, fuel, greenhouse gas or other regulations.
litigation, product liability and regulatory. the company's products are subject to recall for environmental, performance and safety-related issues. product recalls, lawsuits, regulatory actions or increases in the reserves the company establishes for contingencies may increase the company's costs and lower profits. due to the international nature of the company's business, some products are also subject to international trade regulations, including customs and import / export related laws and regulations, government embargoes and sanctions prohibiting sales to specific persons or countries, as well as anti-corruption laws. the company's reputation and its brand names are valuable assets, and claims or regulatory actions, even if unsuccessful or without merit, could adversely affect the company's reputation and brand images because of adverse publicity.
currency exchange and translation. the company's consolidated financial results are reported in u.s. dollars, while significant operations are denominated in the currencies of other countries. currency exchange rate fluctuations can affect the company's assets, liabilities and results of operations through both translation and transaction risk, as reported in the company's financial statements. the company uses certain derivative financial instruments and localized production of its products to reduce, but not eliminate, the effects of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
accounting estimates. in the preparation of the company's financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, management uses estimates and makes judgments and assumptions that affect asset and liability values and the amounts reported as income and expense during the periods presented. certain of these estimates, judgments and assumptions, such as residual values on operating leases, the allowance for credit losses and product warranty are particularly sensitive. if actual results are different from estimates used by management, they may have a material impact on the financial statements. for additional disclosures regarding accounting estimates, see "critical accounting policies" under item 7 of this form 10-k.
taxes. changes in statutory income tax rates in the countries in which the company operates impact the company's effective tax rate. changes to other taxes or the adoption of other new tax legislation could affect the company's provision for income taxes and related tax assets and liabilities.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
paccar is a global technology company whose truck segment includes the design and manufacture of high-quality light-, medium- and heavy-duty commercial trucks. in north america, trucks are sold under the kenworth and peterbilt nameplates, in europe, under the daf nameplate and in australia and south america, under the kenworth and daf nameplates. the parts segment includes the distribution of aftermarket parts for trucks and related commercial vehicles. the company's financial services segment derives its earnings primarily from financing or leasing paccar products in north america, europe and australia. the company's other business includes the manufacturing and marketing of industrial winches.
•   capital investments were $743.9 million in 2019 compared to $437.1 million in 2018 reflecting continued investments in the company's manufacturing facilities, new product development and enhanced aftermarket support.
•   after-tax return on beginning equity (roe) was 27.8% in 2019 compared to 27.3% in 2018.
paccar opened global embedded software centers in kirkland, washington and eindhoven, the netherlands, which will accelerate embedded software development and connected vehicle solutions to benefit customers' operating efficiency.
in january 2020, paccar exhibited three vehicles with autonomous and alternative powertrain technologies at the ces 2020 show in las vegas, nevada: a level 4 autonomous kenworth t680; a battery-electric peterbilt model 520ev; and a battery-electric kenworth k270e. these trucks are designed for a range of customer applications, including over-the-road transportation, refuse collection and urban distribution.
peterbilt, kenworth and daf are field-testing battery-electric, hydrogen fuel cell and hybrid powertrain trucks with customers in north america and europe. these customer field tests are providing excellent feedback on future truck technologies, which will support paccar's environmental and engineering leadership with the development of innovative alternative powertrain technologies.
paccar continues to add global distribution capacity to deliver industry-leading aftermarket parts availability to customers. paccar will open a new 250,000 square-foot parts distribution center in las vegas, nevada and a new 160,000 square-foot parts distribution center in ponta grossa, brasil in 2020 to enhance parts availability for customers.
paccar has been honored for the second consecutive year as a global leader in environmental practices by environmental reporting firm cdp, earning recognition on the 2019 cdp climate change a list. over 8,000 companies disclosed data about their environmental impacts, risks and opportunities to cdp for independent assessment. paccar is one of only 35 companies in the u.s. earning a cdp score of "a" and is placed in the top 2% of reporting companies worldwide.
the paccar financial services (pfs) group of companies has operations covering four continents and 25 countries. the global breadth of pfs and its rigorous credit application process support a portfolio of loans and leases with record total assets of $16.07 billion. pfs issued $2.49 billion in medium-term notes during 2019 to support portfolio growth and repay maturing debt.
truck outlook heavy-duty truck industry retail sales in the u.s. and canada in 2020 are expected to decrease to 230,000 to 260,000 units compared to 308,800 in 2019. in europe, the 2020 truck industry registrations for over 16-tonne vehicles are expected to be 260,000 to 290,000 units compared to 320,200 in 2019. in south america, heavy-duty truck industry sales in 2020 are estimated to be 100,000 to 110,000 units compared to 105,000 units in 2019.
financial services outlook based on the truck market outlook, average earning assets in 2020 are expected to remain similar to 2019 levels. current strong levels of freight tonnage are contributing to customers' profitability and cash flow. if current freight transportation conditions decline due to weaker economic conditions, then past due accounts, truck repossessions and credit losses would likely increase from the current low levels and new business volume would likely decline.
capital spending and r&d outlook capital investments in 2020 are expected to be $625 to $675 million, and r&d is expected to be $310 to $340 million. the company is investing for long-term growth in aerodynamic truck models, integrated powertrains including diesel, electric, hybrid and hydrogen fuel cell technologies, advanced driver assistance systems, digital services and next-generation manufacturing and distribution capabilities.
the company's results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 are presented below. for information on the year ended december 31, 2017, refer to part ii, item 7 in the 2018 annual report on form 10-k.
the following provides an analysis of the results of operations for the company's three reportable segments - truck, parts and financial services. where possible, the company has quantified the impact of factors identified in the following discussion and analysis. in cases where it is not possible to quantify the impact of factors, the company lists them in estimated order of importance. factors for which the company is unable to specifically quantify the impact include market demand, fuel prices, freight tonnage and economic conditions affecting the company's results of operations.
total units                                       198,800        189,100             5
in 2019, industry retail sales in the heavy-duty market in the u.s. and canada increased to 308,800 units from 284,800 units in 2018. the company's heavy-duty truck retail market share was 30.0% in 2019 compared to 29.4% in 2018. the medium-duty market was 108,100 units in 2019 compared to 98,100 units in 2018. the company's medium-duty market share was 16.9% in 2019 compared to 17.7% in 2018.
the over 16‐tonne truck market in europe in 2019 increased to 320,200 units from 318,800 units in 2018, and daf's market share was 16.2% in 2019 compared to 16.6% in 2018. the 6 to 16‐tonne market in 2019 increased to 53,600 units from 51,900 units in 2018. daf's market share in the 6 to 16-tonne market in 2019 was 9.7% compared to 9.0% in 2018.
the company's worldwide truck net sales and revenues increased to $19.99 billion in 2019 from $18.19 billion in 2018, primarily due to higher truck deliveries in the u.s. and canada and latin america, partially offset by unfavorable currency translation effects. truck segment income before income taxes and pre-tax return on revenues increased in 2019, reflecting higher truck unit deliveries and higher gross margins.
•   truck sales volume primarily reflects higher truck deliveries in the u.s. and canada ($1,414.4 million sales and $1,180.0 million cost of sales). in europe, the impact of lower truck unit deliveries was more than offset by a decrease in units accounted for as operating leases, resulting in higher sales ($236.8 million) and cost of sales ($217.9 million).
new loan and lease unit volume:
pfs income before income taxes decreased to $298.9 million in 2019 from $305.9 million in 2018, primarily due to lower results on returned lease assets and higher sg&a expenses as $12.0 million of certain initial direct costs were immediately expensed in 2019 with the adoption of the new lease standard, partially offset by higher average earning assets balances. currency exchange effects decreased pfs income before taxes by $3.2 million in 2019.
included in financial services "other assets" on the company's consolidated balance sheets are used trucks held for sale, net of impairments, of $391.4 million at december 31, 2019 and $226.4 million at december 31, 2018. these trucks are primarily units returned from matured operating leases in the ordinary course of business, and also include trucks acquired from repossessions, through acquisitions of used trucks in trades related to new truck sales and trucks returned from residual value guarantees (rvgs).
the company recognized losses on used trucks, excluding repossessions, of $57.5 million in 2019 compared to $35.4 million in 2018, including losses on multiple unit transactions of $19.1 million in 2019 compared to $20.2 million in 2018. used truck losses related to repossessions, which are recognized as credit losses, were not significant for 2019 or 2018.
•   the currency translation effects reflect a decrease in the value of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, primarily the euro, the australian and canadian dollars and the british pound.
•   results on returned lease assets increased depreciation and other expenses by $28.9 million primarily due to higher losses on sales of returned lease units in europe.
financial services sg&a expense increased to $137.0 million in 2019 from $119.8 million in 2018. the increase was due to higher salaries and related expenses to support portfolio growth and the adoption of the new lease accounting standard under which $12.0 million of certain initial direct costs were immediately expensed. in prior years, these costs were capitalized and amortized to expense over the lease term. as a percentage of revenues, financial services sg&a increased to 9.3% in 2019 from 8.8% in 2018.
the company modifies loans and finance leases as a normal part of its financial services operations. the company may modify loans and finance leases for commercial reasons or for credit reasons. modifications for commercial reasons are changes to contract terms for customers that are not considered to be in financial difficulty. insignificant delays are modifications extending terms up to three months for customers experiencing some short-term financial stress, but not considered to be in financial difficulty. modifications for credit reasons are changes to contract terms for customers considered to be in financial difficulty. the company's modifications typically result in granting more time to pay the contractual amounts owed and charging a fee and interest for the term of the modification. when considering whether to modify customer accounts for credit reasons, the company evaluates the creditworthiness
of the customers and modifies those accounts that the company considers likely to perform under the modified terms. when the company modifies a loan or finance lease for credit reasons and grants a concession, the modification is classified as a troubled debt restructuring (tdr).
credit - no concession               23.3         .3              %               52.2         .6              %
credit - tdr                          2.5                                         13.1         .2              %
in 2019, total modification activity increased compared to 2018 due to higher modifications for commercial reasons and insignificant delay, partially offset by lower modifications for credit - no concession and credit - tdr. the increase in modifications for commercial reasons primarily reflects higher volumes of refinancing. the increase in modifications for insignificant delay reflects more fleet customers requesting payment relief for up to three months. the decrease in modifications for credit - no concession is primarily due to lower volumes of refinancing in europe for customers in financial difficulty. credit - tdr modifications decreased to $2.5 million in 2019 from $13.1 million in 2018 as there were no large fleet modifications in 2019 compared to modifications for two fleet customers in 2018.
modifications of accounts in prior quarters that were more than 30 days past due at the time of modification are included in past dues if they were not performing under the modified terms at december 31, 2019 and 2018. the effect on the allowance for credit losses from such modifications was not significant at december 31, 2019 and 2018.
income taxes in 2019, the effective tax rate was 23.0% compared to 21.9% in 2018. the company's effective tax rate for 2018 benefitted from a one-time reduction in tax liability related to extended warranty contracts.
liquidity and capital resources:
marketable debt securities          1,162.1          1,020.4
the company's total cash and marketable debt securities at december 31, 2019 increased $880.9 million from the balances at december 31, 2018, primarily due to an increase in cash and cash equivalents.
operating activities:
net income items not affecting cash                          1,190.1               1,123.2
changes in operating assets and liabilities, net              (682.0   )            (237.1   )
net cash provided by operating activities                    2,860.3               2,992.3
net cash used in investing activities                       (2,207.4   )          (1,930.7   )
net cash provided by financing activities                       83.4                  71.1
operating activities: cash provided by operations decreased by $132.0 million to $2.86 billion in 2019 from $2.99 billion in 2018. the decrease in operating cash flows reflects lower cash inflows of $556.5 million from accounts payable and accrued expenses, as payments for goods and services exceeded purchases by $27.6 million in 2019 compared to purchases of goods and services exceeding payments by $528.9 million in 2018. additionally, lower operating cash flows reflect a reduction in liabilities for rvgs and deferred revenues of $454.7 million, primarily due to a lower volume of new rvg contracts accounted for as operating leases in 2019 compared to 2018. the lower cash inflows were partially offset by higher cash inflow of $357.3 million from inventories as there were $24.6 million in net inventory reductions in 2019 versus $332.7 million in net purchases in 2018. there was a $226.8 million increase from accounts receivable as sales of goods and services exceeding cash receipts were lower in 2019 compared to 2018. in addition, there was a higher net income of $192.8 million and an increase of $140.3 million from income taxes, primarily due to lower tax payments in 2019 compared to 2018.
investing activities: cash used in investing activities increased by $276.7 million to $2.21 billion in 2019 from $1.93 billion in 2018. higher net cash used in investing activities reflects $450.7 million for marketable debt securities as there were $135.1 million in net purchases of marketable debt securities in 2019 compared to $315.6 million in net proceeds from sales of marketable debt securities in 2018. payments for property, plant and equipment increased by $116.4 million. this was partially offset by lower net originations from retail loans and finance leases of $251.9 million and fewer acquisitions of equipment on operating leases of $97.9 million.
financing activities: cash provided by financing activities was $83.4 million in 2019, $12.3 million higher than the $71.1 million provided in 2018. in 2019, the company issued $2.50 billion of term debt, repaid term debt of $1.79 billion and increased its outstanding commercial paper and short-term bank loans by $557.1 million. in 2018, the company issued $2.34 billion of term debt, repaid term debt of $1.76 billion and increased its outstanding commercial paper and short-term bank loans by $625.9 million. this resulted in cash provided by borrowing activities of $1.27 billion in 2019, $60.9 million higher than the cash provided by borrowing activities of $1.21 billion in 2018. the company paid $1.14 billion in dividends in 2019, $334.3 million higher than the $804.3 million paid in 2018 due primarily to a higher extra dividend paid in january 2019. in addition, the company repurchased 1.7 million shares of common stock for $110.2 million in 2019 compared to the purchase of 5.8 million shares for $354.4 million in 2018.
credit lines and other:
the company has line of credit arrangements of $3.58 billion, of which $3.27 billion were unused at december 31, 2019. included in these arrangements are $3.00 billion of committed bank facilities, of which $1.00 billion expires in june 2020, $1.00 billion expires in june 2023 and $1.00 billion expires in june 2024. the company intends to extend or replace these credit facilities on or before expiration to maintain facilities of similar amounts and duration. these credit facilities are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for commercial paper borrowings and maturing medium-term notes. there were no borrowings under the committed bank facilities for the year ended december 31, 2019.
on july 9, 2018, paccar's board of directors approved the repurchase of up to $300.0 million of the company's outstanding common stock, and on december 4, 2018, approved a plan to repurchase an additional $500.0 million of common stock upon completion of the prior plan. during the second quarter of 2019, the company completed the repurchase of $300.0 million of the company's common stock under the authorization approved on july 9, 2018. as of december 31, 2019, the company has repurchased $69.5 million of shares under the december 4, 2018 authorization.
truck, parts and other the company provides funding for working capital, capital expenditures, r&d, dividends, stock repurchases and other business initiatives and commitments primarily from cash provided by operations. management expects this method of funding to continue in the future.
over the past decade, the company's combined investments in worldwide capital projects and r&d totaled $6.77 billion, and have significantly increased the operating capacity and efficiency of its facilities and enhanced the quality and operating efficiency of the company's premium products.
capital investments in 2020 are expected to be $625 to $675 million, and r&d is expected to be $310 to $340 million. the company is investing for long-term growth in aerodynamic truck models, integrated powertrains including diesel, electric, hybrid and hydrogen fuel cell technologies, advanced driver assistance systems, digital services and next-generation manufacturing and distribution capabilities.
the company conducts business in certain countries which have been experiencing or may experience significant financial stress, fiscal or political strain and are subject to the corresponding potential for default. the company routinely monitors its financial exposure to global financial conditions, global counterparties and operating environments. as of december 31, 2019, the company's exposures in such countries were insignificant.
financial services the company funds its financial services activities primarily from collections on existing finance receivables and borrowings in the capital markets. the primary sources of borrowings in the capital markets are commercial paper and medium-term notes issued in the public markets and, to a lesser extent, bank loans. an additional source of funds is loans from other paccar companies.
in november 2018, the company's u.s. finance subsidiary, paccar financial corp. (pfc), filed a shelf registration under the securities act of 1933. the total amount of medium-term notes outstanding for pfc as of december 31, 2019 was $5.55 billion. in february 2020, pfc issued $300.0 million of medium-term notes under this registration. the registration expires in november 2021 and does not limit the principal amount of debt securities that may be issued during that period.
as of december 31, 2019, the company's european finance subsidiary, paccar financial europe, had €1.35 billion available for issuance under a €2.50 billion medium-term note program listed on the professional securities market of the london stock exchange. this program replaced an expiring program in the second quarter of 2019 and is renewable annually through the filing of a new listing.
in april 2016, paccar financial mexico registered a 10.00 billion peso medium-term note and commercial paper program with the comision nacional bancaria y de valores. the registration expires in april 2021 and limits the amount of commercial paper (up to one year) to 5.00 billion pesos. at december 31, 2019, 6.80 billion pesos were available for issuance.
in august 2018, the company's australian subsidiary, paccar financial pty. ltd. (pfpl), registered a medium-term note program. the program does not limit the principal amount of debt securities that may be issued under the program. the total amount of medium-term notes outstanding for pfpl as of december 31, 2019 was 300.0 million australian dollars.
the company believes its cash balances and investments, collections on existing finance receivables, committed bank facilities, and current investment-grade credit ratings of a+/a1 will continue to provide it with sufficient resources and access to capital markets at competitive interest rates and therefore contribute to the company maintaining its liquidity and financial stability. in the event of a decrease in the company's credit ratings or a disruption in the financial markets, the company may not be able to refinance its maturing debt in the financial markets. in such circumstances, the company would be exposed to liquidity risk to the degree that the timing of debt maturities differs from the timing of receivable collections from customers. the company believes its various sources of liquidity, including committed bank facilities, would continue to provide it with sufficient funding resources to service its maturing debt obligations.
commitments the following summarizes the company's contractual cash commitments at december 31, 2019:
maturity
($ in millions)           within 1                 1-3                 3-5         more than           total year               years               years         5 years borrowings*               $5,631.3            $4,581.1            $1,030.8                         $11,243.2
lease liabilities             15.7                17.9                 4.2         $2.5                 40.3
total cash commitments for borrowings and interest on term debt were $11.57 billion and were related to the financial services segment. as described in note j of the consolidated financial statements, borrowings consist primarily of term notes and commercial paper issued by the financial services segment. the company expects to fund its maturing financial services debt obligations principally from funds provided by collections from customers on loans and lease contracts, as well as from the proceeds of commercial paper and medium-term note borrowings. purchase obligations are the company's contractual commitments to acquire future production inventory and capital equipment. other obligations primarily include commitments to purchase energy.
the company's other commitments include the following at december 31, 2019:
commitment expiration
($ in millions)                 within 1                 1-3                 3-5             more than            total year               years               years               5 years loan and lease commitments        $885.8                                                                         $885.8
letters of credit                    9.5                  .1                  .3                   1.4             11.3
loan and lease commitments are for funding new retail loan and lease contracts. residual value guarantees represent the company's commitment to acquire trucks at a guaranteed value if the customer decides to return the truck at a specified date in the future.
the company, its competitors and industry in general are subject to various domestic and foreign requirements relating to the environment. the company believes its policies, practices and procedures are designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage and that its handling, use and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances have been in accordance with environmental laws and regulations in effect at the time such use and disposal occurred.
the company is involved in various stages of investigations and cleanup actions in different countries related to environmental matters. in certain of these matters, the company has been designated as a "potentially responsible party" by domestic and foreign environmental agencies. the company has accrued the estimated costs to investigate and complete cleanup actions where it is probable that the company will incur such costs in the future. expenditures related to environmental activities in the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 were $1.3 million and $1.2 million, respectively. while the timing and amount of the ultimate costs associated with future environmental cleanup cannot be determined, management expects that these matters will not have a significant effect on the company's consolidated cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
critical accounting policies:
the company's significant accounting policies are disclosed in note a of the consolidated financial statements. in the preparation of the company's financial statements, in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, management uses estimates and makes judgments and assumptions that affect asset and liability values and the amounts reported as income and expense during the periods presented. the following are accounting policies which, in the opinion of management, are particularly sensitive and which, if actual results are different from estimates used by management, may have a material impact on the financial statements.
operating leases trucks sold pursuant to agreements accounted for as operating leases are disclosed in note f of the consolidated financial statements. in determining its estimate of the residual value of such vehicles, the company considers the length of the lease term, the truck model, the expected usage of the truck and anticipated market demand. operating lease terms generally range from three to five years. the resulting residual values on operating leases generally range between 30% and 70% of the original equipment cost. if the sales price of a truck at the end of the term of the agreement differs from the company's estimated residual value, a gain or loss will result.
future market conditions, changes in government regulations and other factors outside the company's control could impact the ultimate sales price of trucks returned under these contracts. residual values are reviewed regularly and adjusted if market conditions warrant. a decrease in the estimated equipment residual values would increase annual depreciation expense over the remaining lease term.
during 2019 and 2018, market values on equipment returning upon operating lease maturity were generally lower than the residual values on the equipment, resulting in an increase in depreciation expense of $109.0 million and $45.7 million, respectively.
at december 31, 2019, the aggregate residual value of equipment on operating leases in the financial services segment and residual value guarantee on trucks accounted for as operating leases in the truck segment was $2.36 billion. a 10% decrease in used truck values worldwide, if expected to persist over the remaining maturities of the company's operating leases, would reduce residual value estimates and result in the company recording an average of approximately $67 million of additional depreciation per year.
allowance for credit losses the allowance for credit losses related to the company's loans and finance leases is disclosed in note e of the consolidated financial statements. the company has developed a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses for its two portfolio segments, retail and wholesale. the retail segment consists of retail loans and finance leases, net of unearned interest. the wholesale segment consists of truck inventory financing loans to dealers that are collateralized by trucks and other collateral. the wholesale segment generally has less risk than the retail segment. wholesale receivables generally are shorter in duration than retail receivables, and the company requires periodic reporting of the wholesale dealer's financial condition, conducts periodic audits of the trucks being financed and in many cases obtains guarantees or other security such as dealership assets. in determining the allowance for credit losses, retail loans and finance leases are evaluated together since they relate to a similar customer base, their contractual terms require regular payment of principal and interest, generally over three to five years, and they are secured by the same type of collateral. the allowance for credit losses consists of both specific and general reserves.
the company individually evaluates certain finance receivables for impairment. finance receivables that are evaluated individually for impairment consist of all wholesale accounts and certain large retail accounts with past due balances or otherwise determined to be at a higher risk of loss. a finance receivable is impaired if it is considered probable the company will be unable to collect all contractual interest and principal payments as scheduled. in addition, all retail loans and leases which have been classified as tdrs and all customer accounts over 90 days past due are considered impaired. generally, impaired accounts are on non-accrual status. impaired accounts classified as tdrs which have been performing for 90 consecutive days are placed on accrual status if it is deemed probable that the company will collect all principal and interest payments.
impaired receivables are generally considered collateral dependent. large balance retail and all wholesale impaired receivables are individually evaluated to determine the appropriate reserve for losses. the determination of reserves for large balance impaired receivables considers the fair value of the associated collateral. when the underlying collateral fair value exceeds the company's recorded investment, no reserve is recorded. small balance impaired receivables with similar risk characteristics are evaluated as a separate pool to determine the appropriate reserve for losses using the historical loss information discussed below.
the company evaluates finance receivables that are not individually impaired on a collective basis and determines the general allowance for credit losses for both retail and wholesale receivables based on historical loss information, using past due account data and current market conditions. information used includes assumptions regarding the likelihood of collecting current and past due accounts, repossession rates, the recovery rate on the underlying collateral based on used truck values and other pledged collateral or recourse. the company has developed a range of loss estimates for each of its country portfolios based on historical experience, taking into account loss frequency and severity in both strong and weak truck market conditions. a projection is made of the range of estimated credit losses inherent in the portfolio from which an amount is determined as probable based on current market conditions and other factors impacting the creditworthiness of the company's borrowers and their ability to repay. after determining the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses, a provision for losses on finance receivables is charged to income as necessary to reflect management's estimate of incurred credit losses, net of recoveries, inherent in the portfolio.
the adequacy of the allowance is evaluated quarterly based on the most recent past due account information and current market conditions. as accounts become past due, the likelihood that they will not be fully collected increases. the company's experience indicates the probability of not fully collecting past due accounts ranges between 30% and 70%. over the past three years, the company's year-end 30+ days past due accounts have ranged between .4% and .7% of loan and lease receivables. historically, a 100 basis point increase in the 30+ days past due percentage has resulted in an increase in credit losses of 2 to 35 basis points of receivables. at december 31, 2019, 30+ days past dues were .7%. if past dues were 100 basis points higher or 1.7% as of december 31, 2019, the company's estimate of credit losses would likely have increased by a range of $2 to $32 million depending on the extent of the past dues, the estimated value of the collateral as compared to amounts owed and general economic factors.
product warranty product warranty is disclosed in note i of the consolidated financial statements. the expenses related to product warranty are estimated and recorded at the time products are sold based on historical and current data and reasonable expectations for the future regarding the frequency and cost of warranty claims, net of recoveries. management takes actions to minimize warranty costs through quality-improvement programs; however, actual claim costs incurred could materially differ from the estimated amounts and require adjustments to the reserve. historically those adjustments have not been material. over the past two years, warranty expense as a percentage of truck, parts and other net sales and revenues has ranged between 1.6% and 1.7%. if the 2019 warranty expense had been .2% higher as a percentage of net sales and revenues in 2019, warranty expense would have increased by approximately $48 million.
this report contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995.  forward-looking statements include statements relating to future results of operations or financial position and any other statement that does not relate to any historical or current fact. such statements are based on currently available operating, financial and other information and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may affect actual results. risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: a significant decline in industry sales; competitive pressures; reduced market share; reduced availability of or higher prices for fuel; increased safety, emissions, or other regulations or tariffs resulting in higher costs and/or sales restrictions; currency or commodity price fluctuations; lower used truck prices; insufficient or under-utilization of manufacturing capacity; supplier interruptions; insufficient liquidity in the capital markets; fluctuations in interest rates; changes in the levels of the financial services segment new business volume due to unit fluctuations in new paccar truck sales or reduced market shares; changes affecting the profitability of truck owners and operators; price changes impacting truck sales prices and residual values; insufficient supplier capacity or access to raw materials; labor disruptions; shortages of commercial truck drivers; increased warranty costs; litigation, including ec settlement-related claims; or legislative and governmental regulations. a more detailed description of these and other risks is included under the heading part 1, item 1a, "risk factors" and item 3, "legal proceedings" in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019.