risk factors. pay governance reviewed the overall compensation pay structure, the overall mix of compensation vehicles, the structure of the incentive plans, other company pay plans, and governance for oversight of program design and administration. with respect to incentive plan structure, pay governance assisted the committee to specifically examine target and maximum compensation payable from each plan, the nature and mix of performance measures, the governance structure, the risk of earnings manipulation posed by the incentive structure, and the extent to which the neo pay program rewards short-term decisions at the risk of long-term performance. the committee also generally considered other compensation policies
(such as clawback and anti-hedging policies and vesting provisions), other compensation plans relating to severance and change-in-control benefits, and compensation governance, and pay governance provided guidance to the committee on such matters for 2019, pay governance concluded that there were no material issues regarding the companies'
executive pay programs, and that the design of the companies' incentive pay plans has, overall, a low-risk profile from the perspective of encouraging employees to take material risks that have potentially adverse consequences to the organization. the pay governance conclusion extends to the pg&e corporation and utility ceos and for the neos who participated in the stip during part of 2019. 18 to further ensure appropriate incentive metrics, the committee also receives advice from the safety and nuclear oversight committees regarding appropriate safety and operational incentive measures. pay governance found that the emphasis on and overlap/consistency in safety metrics and weightings supports an organization-wide focus on safety in its 2019 compensation plans, which was further enhanced in the 2020 executive compensation redesign that is awaiting approval by the bankruptcy court. based on the foregoing, the companies concluded that the risks arising from the companies' overall compensation policies and practices are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on either pg&e corporation or the utility.
tax deductibility with the passage of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017, section 162(m) of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended, (the "internal revenue code"), no longer permits companies to deduct certain qualified performance-based executive compensation. as a result, in establishing compensation for 2019, the committee did not consider the tax deductibility limitations imposed by section 162(m). despite the limit on deductibility of performance-based compensation, the committee continues to believe that a significant portion of neo compensation should be tied to corporate performance.
4.  2019 neo compensation structure named executive officers named executive officers of pg&e corporation for 2019 (positions as of december 31, 2019)
named executive officers of pacific gas and electric company for 2019 (positions as of december 31, 2019) messrs.
johnson, vesey, simon, and soto and ms. loduca are considered neos of the utility. the other neos of the utility for 2019 are:
during 2019, prior to andrew vesey's arrival at the utility, the duties of the office of peo were fulfilled by three officers. as such, each of the following also is considered a former peo of the utility: messrs. christopher, lewis, malnight, soto, and welsch. 19 2019 officer compensation program the following types of compensation represent our general neo compensation structure as delivered during 2019. due to the 2019 ceo and president search at pg&e corporation and the utility and the need to obtain bankruptcy court approval for certain elements of compensation paid to chapter 11 insiders, the 2019 officer compensation program has three components, each of which may differ slightly from the general structure (as noted in the chart):
●  other neo compensation the chart does not describe equity-based compensation, which was only delivered to the ceos (those arrangements are described below in the section entitled "annual equity incentives granted in 2019").
type             component                 key elements determined annually, though merit increase adjustments, or lump sum cash             base salary            ●  in lieu of an adjustment, may be made mid-year. for most neos, base salary represented all compensation in 2019.
the boards and the committee have discretion to adjust payments
discretionary payments to address new hire transitional costs of one-time payments      ●  joining the companies, or compensation for interim assumption of additional duties.
neos receive benefits based on their age, base pay and number of post-employment  pension                ●  years of service, subject to limits imposed by the internal revenue service.
vested benefits are payable at the later of age 55 or separation
●  from service for "final average pay" benefits and upon separation from service for "cash balance" benefits.
●  benefits may be reduced unless at least 35 years of service or age
supplemental pension   ●  williams) may receive benefits based on their base pay plus short-term incentive, and the number of years of service.
benefits may be reduced unless at least 35 years of service or age
●  vested benefits are payable in the seventh month following the later of age 55 or separation from service.
●  company credits the participant's non-qualified deferred compensation account with an amount equal to seven percent of the payment.
●  accordance with the participant's election, commencing in the seventh month following the end of employment.
limited perquisites include safety- and security-based car transportation services for the pg&e corporation and utility ceos;
on-site parking (including electric vehicle charging); executive other            perquisites            ●  health services; partial subsidy of financial services; accidental death and dismemberment insurance;
and otherde minimisperquisites provided under a pre-approved perquisite policy.
●  lump-sum annual cash stipend paid in lieu of providing broader perquisite benefits.
also may include the following items that are available to other
20 for 2019, the committee and the independent members of the pg&e corporation and utility boards of directors, as applicable, also approved specific ceo compensation packages that offered equity-based short-term and long-term incentives. such incentives are designed as part of an overall compensation program that is focused on performance, with an emphasis on safety and guiding the companies through the restructuring and transformation process. no other neos received equity-based grants for 2019. the bankruptcy court approved mr. johnson's compensation arrangements on august 14, 2019, and approved mr. vesey's compensation arrangements on october 19, 2019. the following chart illustrates the percentage of target pg&e corporation and utility ceos' 2019 compensation allocated to base salary plus cash perquisite allowance, short-term incentives, and long-term incentives, as calculated with performance-
based incentives at 100 percent target payout. the allocation of other neos' compensation is not illustrated, given that the bankruptcy court declined to approve a motion which would have allowed chapter 11 insiders to participate in short-term cash incentive and long-term equity incentives under the proposed keip approved by the committee.
2019 pg&e corporation and utility ceo target compensation pg&e corporation ceo3  utility ceo4
base salary and perquisites  22%                    32%
3mr. johnson's target compensation excludes a one-time cash transition payment made in connection with his hire as ceo of pg&e corporation and two thirds of the value of a one-time grant of performance-based options which vest over a 3-year period. 4mr. vesey's 2019 target compensation excludes a one-time cash transition payment in connection with his hire as utility ceo. the committee and the pg&e corporation board believed that these proportions of base salary relative to target provided the right mix to attract, retain, and motivate a chief executive officer with the necessary skills and experience for the development and successful operation of pg&e corporation's and the utility's businesses, particularly with regard to navigating the chapter 11 restructuring process. they also provided a direct connection between compensation and performance in both the achievement of key operating results and long-term shareholder value, as more fully described below. components of officer compensation - cash base salary in 2019, base salary represented nine percent and 17 percent of total target compensation for mr. johnson and mr. vesey, respectively, and 94 percent for all other neos on average (reflecting the fact that during 2019 messrs. welsch and christopher received payments under the 2019 stip prior to becoming chapter 11 insiders, and mr. lewis received a one-time cash payment in association with his promotion to senior vice president; for the remaining neos base salary represented 100 percent of total compensation because no performance compensation was approved by the bankruptcy court). for 2019, the prior compensation committee approved a base salary increase budget of 3.25 percent. however, as a result of the chapter 11 cases, no executive officers received base salary increases during annual pay planning in 2019. periodic mid-year equity adjustments were made for messrs. lewis, simon, and welsch, ms. loduca, and mr. soto to reflect the assumption of additional responsibilities and roles. in general, neo base salary at pg&e corporation and the utility is targeted to be within a range of between 15 percent above and 15 percent below (the "15 percent band") the median base salary of the appropriate benchmark position within the pay comparator group. the committee believes that this level of comparability to the market is appropriate and consistent with its pay philosophy of taking into consideration factors other than market data in establishing individual pay levels, while delivering cash compensation that is competitive with the market. 21 short-term incentives the stip is an at-risk component of pay. under normal circumstances, neos and other eligible employees may earn annual performance-based cash incentive compensation under the stip based on achievement of financial and operational goals approved by the committee and an individual executive's achievements for the year. outside of chapter 11, the committee retains complete discretion to determine and pay all stip awards to neos and other eligible employees. this includes discretion to reduce the final score on any and all measures downward to zero. executives who are chapter 11 insiders are not allowed retentive compensation; however, the committee still retains negative discretion to reduce or eliminate awards.
during 2019, as a result of the chapter 11 cases, no ceos and no chapter 11 insiders were eligible to participate in cash payments under the stip. messrs. welsch and christopher were participants in the 2019 stip prior to becoming executive officers and chapter 11 insiders and received stip payments in 2019. 2019 stip structure and results for 2019, the prior compensation committee adopted a stip structure for the broad employee base that continued pg&e corporation's and the utility's focus on improving public and workforce safety and customer satisfaction. the weights of the stip components-safety, customer satisfaction, and financial-were 65 percent, ten percent, and 25 percent, respectively, representing an increased emphasis on safety compared to prior years and practices of our compensation peer group. the safety component was structured to provide a strong focus on the safety of employees, customers, and communities. it was made up of five measures: (1) diablo canyon power plant safety and reliability index, (2) public safety index, (3) asset records duration index, (4) first-time in-line inspection miles, and (5) serious injuries and fatalities corrective actions index. the customer satisfaction measure-escalated customer complaints-was designed to incent employees to be more responsive to customers' needs.
0.5. target performance results in a stip score of 1.0, and performance at or above the maximum established level results in a score of 1.5. a score of 1.0 provides 100 percent of an executive's target payout. performance at the threshold and maximum levels delivers 50 percent and 150 percent of targeted payout, respectively. linear interpolation is used to determine scores for performance between threshold and target and target and maximum. the stip overall performance score is the sum of the weighted cumulative average scores for performance on each of the stip measures. taking into account the uncertainties associated with the chapter 11 cases in 2019, stip payments were reviewed and paid on a quarterly schedule, instead of in a single annual payment, although the stip overall remains an annual incentive plan. year-to-date threshold, target, and maximum performance targets were established at the beginning of the year for each quarter, and performance for the year-to-date was compared to the quarterly targets to establish a year-to-date overall performance score each quarter. quarterly payments were made based on each employee's earnings for the year to date and the year-to-date overall performance score, resulting in a trued-
diablo canyon power plant reliability      5%                90.5              93.7             96.9      97.5    1.500             0.075
inspection miles serious injuries and fatalities       15%                0.5               1.0              1.5       1.5    1.500             0.225
diablo canyon power plant reliability and safety indicator-year-end score for the utility's diablo canyon
●  power plant units 1 and 2 based on 11 performance indicators developed by the nuclear industry for nuclear power generation public safety index-an equally-weighted index of two measures: (1) enhanced vegetation management (circuit
system hardening (circuit miles of circuitry updating or undergrounding in high fire-risk areas)
●  indices tracking the average number of days to complete the as-built process of capital and expense jobs
●  first-time in-line inspection index-completion of first-time in-line inspections (ilis) of natural gas transmission pipelines serious injuries and fatalities (sif) corrective action index-index consisting of two equally-weighted
●  measures of response to sif events: (1) quality of corrective actions and (2) timely completion of corrective actions
●  escalated customer complaints-customer complaints escalated to the california public utilities commission per 100,000 adjusted customers adjustednon-gaap earnings from operations (efo)-"adjusted non-gaap earnings from operations," a non-gaap financial measure, represents non-gaap earnings from operations as further adjusted to ensure performance is measured in a manner consistent with the methodology used to establish the applicable stip target. the methodology adjusts for drivers that are subject to volatility associated with the chapter 11 cases by removing any favorable or unfavorable budget variances related to operating interest, allowance for funds used during construction
(afudc), capital structure, or other large favorable or unfavorable variances (defined as $10 million or
arising from the chapter 11 cases, using their effective tax rate. "non-gaap earnings from operations" is a non-gaap financial measure and is calculated as income available for (loss attributable to) common shareholders less items impacting comparability.see exhibit a for the definition of "items impacting comparability" and a reconciliation of consolidated income available for (loss attributable to) common shareholders to adjusted non-gaap earnings from operations.
4.  multiply the calculated company award by the neo's individual performance modifier, and the committee (and the independent members of the pg&e corporation and utility boards of directors in the
23 for 2019 stip awards, the committee approved neo participation rates that ranged from 45 percent to 130 percent of base salary (the 130 percent participation rate applies only to the pg&e corporation ceo). this range is within the 15 percent band of the pay comparator group's median annual incentive participation rates. however, no neos participated in the 2019 stip, other than messrs. welsch and christopher, who were eligible for stip awards in
2019, prior to becoming executive officers and chapter 11 insiders. 2018 stip award payouts for 2018 awards, normally payable in 2019, the prior compensation committee and the independent members of each of the pg&e corporation and utility boards of directors exercised their discretion to eliminate awards for neos and the pg&e corporation ceo and pacific gas and electric company principal executive officers, setting the companies' score to zero. no stip awards were paid to neos in 2019 in respect of 2018 awards. one-time payments as previously noted,
2019 included unusual one-time elements of pay for a limited number of officers. messrs. johnson and vesey each received cash transition payments of $3 million and $1 million, respectively, in connection with their hire as ceo and president of pg&e corporation and the utility, respectively. such payments were made to cover transition costs associated with joining the companies.we believe the value of these payments is reasonable as compared to peer practices, and each of these transition payments is subject to clawback if the recipient resigns or is terminated for cause within 12 months of hire. mr. lewis received a cash award of $125,000 as part of his promotion to senior vice president, electric operations, subject to clawback if he resigns or is terminated for cause within 24 months of the award. components of officer compensation - equity annual equity incentives granted in 2019 no equity incentive awards were awarded to neos in 2019, other than equity incentive awards granted to mr. johnson and mr.
vesey as part of their initial compensation packages, as described in detail below. mr. johnson's awards mr.
(b) a one-time grant of performance-based options. the committee and the pg&e corporation board believe that this mix of equity-based awards will incentivize mr. johnson to drive the immediate results and long-term progress required in light of the difficulties faced by the companies in connection with the chapter 11 cases and the companies' related financial and operating challenges. annual rsu and performance share awards mr. johnson's annual rsu and performance share target value for 2019 was $2.3 million, representing his annual target value of $3.5
million, pro-rated for the eight months he was employed by pg&e corporation in 2019. the 2019 annual equity incentive is allocated (a) 25 percent to rsus vesting one-third on each anniversary of the applicable grant date for the first three years following grant, and (b) 75 percent to performance shares vesting on december 31, 2019.
mr. johnson's award was granted on august 14, 2019, following approval by the bankruptcy court and consistent with the pg&e corporation equity grant date policy (see discussion below under "equity grant dates"). the number of rsus and performance shares granted to mr. johnson was determined by calculating 25 percent and 75 percent, respectively, of the incentive target value for 2019 and dividing the result by the grant date fair value as determined by the volume-weighted average price of pg&e corporation stock for the 15 trading days prior to the announcement of mr. johnson's hire. 24 2019 annual rsu and performance shares pg&e corporation ceo value ($000)                shares rsus                          $583                31,413
the performance-based vesting conditions applicable to mr. johnson's 2019 performance shares are weighted as follows: 65 percent for safety-based performance conditions, 25 percent for financial-based performance conditions, and 10 percent for customer-based performance conditions, generally mirroring the companies' 2019 stip.
additionally, mr. johnson's 2019 performance shares are subject to the psi modifier. the addition of the psi modifier further aligns pay with performance related to safety, with a particular focus on wildfire safety. with respect to mr. johnson's performance shares, the psi modifier operates as follows:
diablo canyon power plant reliability         5%                92.1        95.3             98.5      99.1    1.500                0.075
inspection miles serious injuries and fatalities
there was no reduction of the overall score based on psi modifier results (which were above target). the payment for performance shares in the annual equity incentive was calculated by multiplying (1) the number of vested performance shares by (2) the overall performance score. 2019 annual equity incentive performance share payouts target performance shares  stip score  actual shares earned pg&e corporation ceo                     94,239       1.021                96,218
in addition to the general anti-dilution provisions in the ltip (that are triggered in the event of a change in the capital structure of the corporation), mr. johnson's rsus and performance shares are subject to adjustment in order to protect these awards from dilution in the event of (i) a spin-off to existing shareholders, (ii) a rights offering to existing shareholders, or (iii) any other transaction in which existing shareholders receive the same anti-dilution protections as mr. johnson. these anti-dilution protections are subject to adjustment by the board and must be consistent with the bankruptcy court's order entered at docket no. 3546 approving these anti-dilution protections. 25 performance-based options one-time performance-based stock options were granted to mr. johnson in august 2019, following approval of the bankruptcy court and consistent with the equity grant date policy. these performance-based options have the following terms: pg&e corporation ceo 2019 performance-based stock options payout levels             exercise price  expiration date minimum     target        maximum
the exercise price for each tranche was higher than the per share price of pg&e corporation common stock on the grant date. each tranche of performance-based stock options vests according to the following schedule: one-third on each of december 31 of 2019, 2020, and 2021, subject to meeting the applicable performance targets. the performance-based vesting conditions and overall performance score applicable to the portion of mr. johnson's 2019
stock options vesting december 31, 2019, were the same as described above for his annual equity incentive awards, including the modifier based on the results of the psi modifier. performance measures for 2020 and 2021 will be approved by the pg&e corporation board in subsequent years, to reflect the operational and financial goals of the companies at that time. 2019 annual performance-based stock option vesting target stock options  stip score  actual options earned tranche 1               266,666       1.021                272,266
mr. johnson's performance-based options are subject to the same anti-dilution provisions as his rsus and performance shares. mr. vesey's awards mr. vesey's annual equity incentive target value for 2019 was approximately
$830,000, representing his annual target value of $2 million pro-rated for the five months he was employed by pg&e corporation in 2019. mr. vesey's award was granted on november 12, 2019, following approval from the bankruptcy court, and consistent with the pg&e corporation equity grant date policy. the number of rsus and performance shares granted to mr. vesey was determined by calculating 25 percent and 75 percent, respectively, of the incentive target value for 2019 and dividing the result by the grant date fair value as determined by the average closing price of pg&e corporation stock for the 15 trading days prior to mr. vesey's employment start date. 2019 annual equity incentive utility ceo value ($000)       shares rsus                          $208       12,004
26 mr. vesey's awards are subject to the same performance-based vesting conditions as mr. johnson's 2019 annual awards (see description above). the performance period for mr. vesey's award began july 1, 2019 and ended december
diablo canyon power plant reliability       5%                91.8        95.0             98.2      98.7    1.500            0.075
inspection miles serious injuries and fatalities (sif)        15%                0.5         1.0              1.5       1.5    1.500            0.225
there was no reduction of the overall score based on psi modifier (which was above target). the payment for performance shares in the annual equity incentive was calculated by multiplying (1) the number of vested performance shares by (2) the overall performance score. 2019 annual equity incentive performance share payouts target shares  stip score  actual shares earned utility ceo         36,012       1.069                38,498
mr. vesey's performance shares are subject to the same anti-dilution provisions as mr. johnson's equity awards, described above. performance shares vested in 2019 the three-year performance cycle for annual performance share awards that were granted in 2016 under the 2014 ltip ended on december 31, 2018. these awards vested on march 1,
2019, and payouts are reported in the table entitled "option exercises and stock vested during 2019." fifty percent of awards granted under the ltip in 2016 were allocated to performance shares using a relative tsr measure. for that performance period, pg&e corporation's tsr fell below all others when compared to the 14 companies in the 2016
performance comparator group. this ranking resulted in no payout with respect to the 2016 performance share awards using a tsr measure. pg&e corporation's tsr performance for the three-year period was negative 50.5 percent, as compared to the median tsr of 51.2 percent among the 2016 performance comparator group companies for the same period. ten percent of awards granted under the ltip in 2016 were allocated to performance shares with the payout determined by measuring performance against equally-weighted safety and affordability goals. safety performance, as measured by the 2016 through 2018 lost workday case rate was below the threshold target. affordability, as measured by three-year efficiency gains versus a $100 million target, achieved a 2.0 score, with savings of $279 million, which is significantly above the $200 million maximum target. the overall result was a 100 percent payout in 2019
for these performance shares, which represented 10 percent of the total 2016 target ltip award. 27 performance shares vesting in 2020 fifty percent of awards granted under the ltip in 2017 were allocated to performance shares using a relative tsr measure, with a three-year performance cycle ended on december 31, 2019. these awards vested on february 20, 2020, and the payouts for these awards, if any, will be reflected in the 2021 proxy statement. for the 2017 ltip performance period, pg&e corporation's tsr ranked last among the 14 companies in the 2017 performance comparator group. this ranking resulted in no payout with respect to the 2017 performance share awards using a tsr measure. pg&e corporation's tsr performance for the three-year period was negative 82 percent, as compared to the median tsr of 49 percent among the 2017 performance comparator group companies for the same period. the average closing price over the prior 20 days is used to determine the beginning and ending values for the calculation. ten percent of awards granted under the ltip in 2017 were allocated to performance shares with the payout determined by measuring performance against equally weighted safety performance and financial performance goals. safety performance, as measured by 2017 through 2019 serious injuries and fatalities: effectiveness of corrective actions was above the maximum performance level. financial performance, as measured by three-year average non-gaap earnings from operations per share was above target. the overall result was a 152 percent payout in 2020 for these performance shares.
serious injuries and fatalities:                8.33%         0.331       0.313      0.295     0.138    200%            10%
earned equity grant dates the pg&e corporation equity grant date policy, as last amended in september 2017 (the "equity grant date policy"), generally provides that annual ltip awards, if any, are granted once per year on march 1 (or if that day is not a business day, then on the following business day). the pg&e corporation board or the committee may determine a different grant date if appropriate or necessary. the grant date for non-annual equity awards to employees (such as for newly hired or newly promoted officers or awards made for retention, recognition, or other purposes) is the later of (1) the date that the non-annual award is approved by the independent members of the pg&e corporation or utility board, the committee, or the pg&e corporation ceo, as applicable, (2) the effective date of the ltip award recipient's employment, promotion, or recognition, or (3) the date otherwise specified by the applicable board, the committee, or the pg&e corporation ceo. if the grant date of any non-annual ltip award would occur during a trading blackout period, as defined under the companies' insider trading policy, then the actual grant date will be the first business day after the trading blackout period ends. other elements of executive compensation in 2019 perquisites and related compensation neos generally receive a limited range of perquisite benefits, typically encompassing a partial subsidy for financial planning services from a third-party financial advisory firm, partial reimbursement of certain health club fees, on-site parking, executive health services, and de minimisperquisites under a pre-approved perquisite policy. the pg&e corporation and utility ceos also may receive safety-and security-based car transportation services. (in 2019, such transportation services were also provided to the interim ceo of pg&e corporation.) the magnitude of these perquisites, including the lump-sum payment described in the following paragraph, is comparable to that provided to executive officers of companies in the pay comparator group, and the value of these services is taxable to the recipient. the committee (and the independent members of the pg&e corporation board in the case of mr. johnson, and the independent members of the utility board in the case of mr. vesey) also approved a 2019 lump-sum annual stipend amount for each executive officer of pg&e corporation and the utility consistent with 2018, which ranged from $15,000 to $35,000 (the upper end applicable only to mr. johnson). this stipend is provided in lieu of providing the neos with additional perquisite benefits. the neos have discretion to use this stipend as they see fit. 5for years when guidance is not provided, final targets are approved by the board through the annual financial performance plan. 28 the utility's corporate aircraft use policy prohibits use of utility aircraft by any individual, including by the companies'
executive officers, for personal travel. post-retirement benefits neos are eligible to receive retirement benefits under the utility's tax-qualified defined benefit plan ("retirement plan"), which also provides benefits to other eligible employees of pg&e corporation and the utility. retirement plan benefits are in the form of either a final average pay pension benefit or a cash balance benefit. during bankruptcy proceedings, lump sum payments of more than $5,000 under the retirement plan are not generally permitted. messrs. wells and simon and ms. loduca also are eligible to receive benefits pursuant to the enhanced pension formula in the pg&e corporation supplemental executive retirement plan ("serp"), which is a non-tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan that provides officers and key employees of pg&e corporation and its subsidiaries, including the utility, with an additional pension benefit. these plans are described in the section entitled "pension benefits-2019". in february 2010, the committee adopted a policy against crediting additional years of service for participants in the serp. the change in pension value disclosed in the summary compensation table is impacted by service of the participant, compensation, changes in interest rates, among other assumptions. mr. messrs. malnight and soto, and ms. williams also participated in the serp prior to their separation from service. messrs. johnson, vesey, lewis, thomason, and welsch participate in the 2013 pg&e corporation defined contribution executive supplemental retirement plan ("dc-
esrp"), a non-tax-qualified defined contribution pension plan. effective january 1, 2013, serp participation was closed to new participants. individuals who did not participate in the serp but who were newly hired or promoted to officer after january 1, 2013 are eligible for payments under the dc-esrp. the dc-esrp is described in more detail in the section entitled "non-qualified deferred compensation - 2019". messrs. christopher and hogan also participated in the dc-esrp prior to their separation from service, neos and other officers and employees also are eligible to participate in the pg&e corporation retirement savings plan ("rsp"), a tax-qualified 401(k) plan. pg&e corporation provides a maximum matching contribution of 75 cents for each dollar contributed, up to six percent of base salary for individuals eligible for the final average pay pension benefit and up to eight percent of base salary for individuals eligible for a cash balance pension benefit. to the extent that the internal revenue code limits prevent an neo from making contributions to his or her rsp account and, as a result, company matching funds are not contributed to that neo's rsp account, the matching funds will instead be contributed to the neo's account in the pg&e corporation 2005 supplemental retirement savings plan ("srsp"), a non-qualified deferred compensation plan. upon retirement, neos also may be eligible for post-retirement health, welfare, insurance, and similar benefits, pursuant to plans that generally provide benefits to all employees. additional details regarding the retirement programs and post-retirement benefits, and the value of pension benefits accumulated as of december 31,
2019 for the neos, can be found in the table entitled "pension benefits-2019", the table entitled "non-qualified deferred compensation-2019", and the section entitled "potential payments-resignation/retirement". most companies in the 2019 pay comparator group provide tax-qualified pensions or similar plans, other tax-qualified defined contribution plans (e.g., 401(k) plans), and non-tax-qualified retirement plans for neos. the committee believes that these defined benefit and defined contribution plans offer significant recruiting and retention incentives.
the chapter 11 cases have limited the companies' ability to pay post-retirement benefits to all participants in the serp and dc-esrp and to serp participants who left the companies prior to the filing of the chapter 11 cases.
officer severance program general severance benefits are provided to neos through the 2012 pg&e corporation officer severance policy ("officer severance policy") and specific ltip award agreements. upon termination by either company (other than for cause), neos may be eligible for cash severance payments, continued or accelerated vesting for ltip awards, and other post-employment benefits. if an neo is terminated for cause (e.g., for dishonesty, a criminal offense, or violation of a work rule) or resigns before becoming retirement-eligible, under the terms of the applicable ltip award agreements the neo would forfeit any unvested performance shares, stock options, and rsus, and would not receive any associated dividends. 29 payment of the severance benefit levels described below are limited due to the chapter 11 cases. payment of severance benefits due to messrs. soto and christopher under the officer severance policy were suspended due to the chapter 11 cases, as was payment of a portion of the severance benefit payments due to ms. williams and mr. hogan. officer severance policy the purpose of the officer severance policy is to (1) attract and retain senior management by providing severance benefits that are part of a competitive total compensation package, (2) provide consistent treatment for all terminated officers, and (3)
minimize potential litigation costs in connection with terminations of employment by conditioning payments upon a general release of claims. in lieu of participating in the officer severance policy, mr. johnson's three-year employment arrangement provides that, if he was terminated without cause in 2019, he would have been eligible to receive a prorated target incentive payment based on the time worked during the year plus a $2.5 million cash payment. if he is terminated without cause in 2020 or 2021, he is eligible to receive a prorated prior year's earned incentive payment (if any) based on the time worked during the year plus a $2.5 million cash payment. these proration principles also apply in principle to treatment of mr. johnson's 2019 equity awards upon termination without cause. further, if mr. johnson resigns voluntarily or is terminated without cause, he is entitled to retain his vested options, which are exercisable for the entire term of the option. mr. johnson's unvested options are forfeited upon a voluntary resignation or a termination without cause at any time. the officer severance policy, in combination with ltip award agreements, generally provides the following benefits upon termination without cause:
●  continued vesting of stock options for one year, with an exercise period the lesser of five years or the remaining term of the options.
●  limited cobra benefits and outplacement services.
additional details regarding severance benefits can be found in the section entitled "potential payments-termination without cause." change in control providing change-in-control severance benefits is a key part of the companies' officer compensation program and typical market practice. in a hostile takeover or other change-
in-control situation, it is important for management to remain focused on maximizing shareholder value and aligning management's interests with shareholders' interests, and not to be distracted by concerns about job security.
change-in-control benefits require a "double trigger" and are not payable based on a change-in-control event alone, as described below. the committee believes that the "double-trigger" requirement aligns our change-in-control benefits with shareholder interests and reflects current market practices. the officer severance policy provides enhanced cash severance benefits if the officer's employment is terminated (including constructive termination by the officer for good reason) in connection with a change in control (as defined in the policy). these enhanced benefits replace general severance benefits and are available only to officers in bands 1 or 2, which, as of december 31, 2019, included messrs. johnson, vesey, wells, and simon, and ms. loduca. covered officers are eligible to receive (1) change-in-control cash severance benefits equal to two times the sum of base salary and target annual stip and (2) prorated stip for the year of termination. other neos receive general severance benefits only.
all ltip award agreements contain change-in-control provisions that accelerate vesting of all awards if there is a change in control, and either the award is not continued, assumed, or substituted, or the recipient's employment is terminated in connection with a change in control. this practice aligns pg&e corporation and the utility with market practices and (1) better balances the interests of award recipients and shareholders, (2) provides security for award recipients in a time of uncertainty, and (3) preserves the incentive for award recipients to stay with pg&e corporation or the utility even following a transaction. 30 the golden parachute restriction policy requires shareholder approval of certain executive severance payments (as defined in the golden parachute restriction policy) provided in connection with a change in control of pg&e corporation, to the extent that those payments exceed 2.99 times the sum of a covered officer's base salary and target stip award. additional details regarding change-in-control benefits can be found in the section entitled "potential payments-severance in connection with change in control." 5. 2020 neo compensation structure the committee has worked closely with its advisors and the companies to redesign the 2020 executive compensation programs, which will apply both pre-and post-emergence from the chapter 11 cases. the committee believes that the redesigned short- and long-term performance-based compensation programs not only meet, but exceed, the mandates of ab 1054 by prioritizing public safety and customer welfare, without sacrificing financial stability. the 2020 executive compensation programs balance key safety, customer welfare and financial issues facing the companies with the need to continue to recruit and retain qualified executives to guide the companies through a period of uncertainty (including the unpredictability of the stock price). since the 2020 long-term performance awards will be paid in post-emergence equity, stock price volatility will have an effect on the incentive and retentive value of such awards earned by certain executives, some of whom may be neos. 6. committee conclusion the bankruptcy filing resulted in an interruption of performance-
based compensation in 2019 for certain executives of the companies, some of which are neos. the committee believes that the measures, metrics and amounts contemplated by the 2020 re-design of executive compensation are consistent with the committee's compensation objectives and policies to (1) provide long-term incentives to align shareholders' and officers' interests and enhance total return for shareholders, (2) attract, retain, and motivate officers with the necessary mix of skills and experience for the development and successful operation of pg&e corporation's and the utility's businesses, including in the area of public safety and customer welfare, and (3)
compensate neos in a competitive, cost-efficient, and transparent manner, consistent with the restrictions on executive compensation imposed by chapter 11 and ab 1054. exhibit a reconciliation of pg&e corporation's consolidated income available for (loss attributable to) common shareholders in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") to adjusted non-gaap earnings from operations (1)for the year ended december 31,
items impacting comparability:(2)
2019 gt&s capital disallowance(7)                          193
additional adjustments(9)
litigation & third-party claims                            -17
(1)  as previously disclosed, non-gaap earnings from operations were further adjusted for stip purposes, in a manner consistent with the methodology used to establish the applicable stip target.
"items impacting comparability" include items that management does not consider representative of ongoing earnings and affect comparability of financial results between periods, consisting of the items listed
(2)  in the table above. all amounts presented in the table above are adjusted at pg&e corporation's statutory tax rate of 27.98% for 2019, except for certain wildfire-related, chapter 11-related, and 2019 gt&s capital disallowance costs, which are not tax deductible. amounts may not sum due to rounding.
the utility incurred costs of $12.2 billion (before the tax impact of $3.4 billion) during the year ended december 31, 2019, associated with wildfire-related costs. this includes accrued charges of $11.4
billion (before the tax impact of $3.2 billion) during the year ended december 31, 2019, related to increases in the recorded liability for third-party claims related to the 2018 camp fire, the 2017
butte fire. the utility incurred costs of $278 million (before the tax impact of $78 million) during the year ended december 31, 2019, for clean-up and repair costs. the utility also incurred costs of $152
(3)  $43 million) during the year ended december 31, 2019, for legal and other costs. in addition, the utility incurred costs of $398 million (before the tax impact of $108 million) during the year ended december 31,
2019 related to the wildfire order instituting investigation ("oii") settlement. the utility also recorded a charge of $86 million
(before the tax impact of $24 million) during the year ended december 31, 2019 related to a one-time bill credit for customers impacted by the october 9, 2019 public safety power shutoff (psps) event. december 31, 2019 for probable cost recoveries of insurance premiums incurred in 2018 above amounts included in authorized revenue requirements.
utility clean-up and repair costs                                278
psps customer bill credit                                         86
the utility incurred costs of $773 million (before the tax impact of $216 million) during the year ended
the utility recorded costs of $39 million (not tax deductible) during the year ended december 31, 2019
(5)  associated with an incremental fine payable to the state general fund resulting from a presiding officer's decision in the locate and mark oii.
pg&e corporation and the utility incurred costs of $199 million (before the tax impact of $19 million)
during the year ended december 31, 2019, directly associated with their chapter 11 cases. this includes legal and other costs of $292 million (before the tax impact of $45 million) during the year ended december 31, 2019, ($129 million of legal and other costs during the year ended december 31, 2019, are not tax deductible). the utility also
(6)  incurred $114 million (before the tax impact of $32 million) during the year ended december 31, 2019 for debtor-in-possession ("dip") financing costs. these costs were partially offset by a reduction to interest expense on pre-petition debt of $146 million (before the tax impact of $41 million) during the year ended december 31, 2019, and interest income of $60 million (before the tax impact of $17 million) recorded during the year months ended december 31, 2019, respectively.
reduction of interest expense on pre-petition debt               -146
the utility recorded costs of $237 million (before the tax impact of $44 million) during the year ended
(7)  december 31, 2019 for pipeline-replacement costs disallowed in the 2019 gt&s rate case as a result of spending above amounts authorized in the 2015-2018 rate case period. due to flow-through treatment related to deductible repairs, $80 million of the loss does not generate a net tax benefit.
"non-gaap earnings from operations" is a non-gaap financial measure and is calculated as consolidated income available for (loss attributable to) common shareholders less items impacting comparability.  items impacting comparability include items that management does not consider representative of ongoing earnings and affect comparability of financial results between periods, consisting of the items listed in the table above. pg&e corporation
(8)  and the utility use non-gaap earnings from operations to understand and compare operating results across reporting periods for various purposes including internal budgeting and forecasting, short- and long-term operating planning, and employee incentive compensation, as it may further be adjusted (see footnote 9 below). pg&e corporation and the utility believe that non-gaap earnings from operations provide additional insight into the underlying trends of the business, allowing for a better comparison against historical results and expectations for future performance.
non-gaap earnings from operations is not a substitute or alternative for gaap measures such as consolidated income available for (loss attributable to) common shareholders and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.
adjusted non-gaap earnings from operations represents non-gaap earnings from operations, which is a non-gaap financial measure, as further adjusted as necessary to ensure that this performance metric is measured in a manner consistent with the methodology used to establish the applicable stip target. the methodology adjusts for drivers that are subject to
(9)  volatility associated with the chapter 11 cases. the methodology removes any favorable or unfavorable budget variances related to operating interest, allowance for funds used during construction (afudc), capital structure, or other large favorable or unfavorable variances (defined as $10 million or more per quarter after tax) arising from the chapter 11 proceedings, using their effective tax rate, for the purposes of measuring stip in 2019.
name                                                                              change andprin...       year  salary($)...  bonus($)...  stockawar...  optionaw...  non-equit...  inpensio...  allotherc...   total($)
positio...                                                                       andnonqu...
*    lists positions as of the earlier of the individual's separation from service or december 31, 2019.
vesey's arrival at the utility, mr. soto shared the role of peo of the utility with two other officers.
(d)  mr. vesey's arrival at the utility, mr. christopher shared the role of peo of the utility with two other officers
vesey's arrival at the utility, mr. hogan shared the role of peo of the utility with two other officers.
(f)  vesey's arrival at the utility, mr. malnight shared the role of peo of the utility with two other officers.
(1)  loduca from february-april 2019, reflecting additional responsibilities she accepted while serving as interim general counsel.
(2)  represents transition payments to new officers (messrs. johnson and vesey) and one-time awards in connection with promotions (mr. lewis).
represents the grant date fair value of performance shares and rsus measured in accordance with fasb asc topic 718, without considering an estimate of forfeitures related to service-based vesting. for
(3)  performance shares and rsus, grant date fair value is measured using the closing price of pg&e corporation common stock on the grant date. if the highest level of performance conditions were achieved, the estimated maximum grant date value of performance shares granted in 2019 would be: mr. johnson $2,625,027 and mr. vesey $937,752.
(4)  model, computed in accordance with fasb asc topic 718. assumptions in valuation of stock options are described in footnote 5 to the table entitled "grants of plan-based awards in 2019." these options vest over a three-year period.
(6)  supplemental retirement savings plan and invested in the aa utility bond fund (mr. simon $5,316, ms.
williams $425, mr. christopher $1, and mr. hogan $3,397). the aa utility bond fund accrues interest based on the long-term corporate bond yield average for aa utilities reported by moody's investors service. the above-market earnings are calculated as the difference between actual earnings from the aa utility bond fund investment option and hypothetical earnings that would have resulted using an interest rate equal to 120 percent of the applicable federal rate.
amounts reported for 2019 consist of (i) perquisites and personal benefits (mr. johnson $145,067, mr.
$18), (ii) tax-restoration payments to reflect additional taxation on relocation benefits (mr. johnson
(iii) a lump-sum annual stipend paid in lieu of providing perquisite benefits, with the exception of perquisite benefits noted in the chart below (mr. johnson $35,000, mr. vesey $12,500, mr. wells $25,000,
34 employment arrangements - mr. johnson in general, neos do not have individualized employment contracts. instead, neo compensation is provided consistent with established officer plans and programs and is set as part of the annual officer pay planning process. however, mr. johnson has a three-year employment arrangement with pg&e corporation. as noted in the current report filed with the sec on april 16, 2019, mr. johnson's compensation incudes (a) a base salary of $2.5 million annually, (b) a one-time transition payment of $3 million on the first day of his employment, which is subject to clawback in the event mr. johnson resigns or is terminated for cause within 12 months of his start date, (c) standard relocation expenses, (d) an annual equity award with a target value of $3.5 million, with 25% of such award consisting of time-based rsus and 75% of such award consisting of performance shares, and (e) a one-time grant of three tranches of performance-based stock options as follows: (i)
tranche 1 consists of a maximum 1.2 million options (i.e. 800,000 options at target-level performance) with an exercise price of $25.00 per share exercisable until the fourth anniversary of the grant date, (ii) tranche 2
consists of a maximum 1.5 million options (i.e. 1 million options at target-level performance) with an exercise price of $40.00 per share exercisable until the fourth anniversary of the grant date, and (iii) tranche 3 consists of a maximum 1.6 million options (i.e. approximately 1.1 million options at target-level performance) with an exercise price of $50.00 per share exercisable until the fifth anniversary of the grant date, in each case subject to forfeiture if mr. johnson is terminated for cause. with respect to mr. johnson's rsu and 2019 performance share awards, upon termination without cause rsus and 2019 performance shares vest proportionately based on the number of months mr. johnson was employed during the vesting or performance period, as applicable. upon termination without cause, mr. johnson's 2020 and 2021 performance shares will vest, and settlement amounts will be determined, based on achievement of performance metrics for performance shares granted for the previously year all equity-based awards are subject to clawback under the executive incentive compensation recoupment policy (described in more detail in the cd&a under the section entitled "clawback policy"). if mr. johnson is terminated other than for cause during the three-year term of his employment arrangement, he will be entitled to a cash severance payment of $2.5
million. mr. johnson's equity incentive awards are subject to anti-dilution provisions upon a spin-off to shareholders and in connection with a rights offering to shareholders or other transactions in which shareholders are subject to the same anti-dilution protections as mr. johnson. perquisites and personal benefits the following chart provides additional information regarding certain perquisites and personal benefits that are included in the summary compensation table and discussed in section (i) of footnote 5. additionally, neos may receive de minimis incidental perquisites under a pre-approved perquisite policy (including company-paid insurance, service awards, electric vehicle charging, and similar benefits).
35 the above perquisites and personal benefits consist of the following:
transportation services for messrs. johnson, simon, and vesey and ms. williams to help ensure their safety and security while serving in the positions of ceo and president of pg&e corporation and the
●  utility-or, in the case of mr. simon, as interim ceo of pg&e corporation-consisting of car transportation for commute and incidental non-business travel. amounts include the prorated salary and benefits burden of the drivers, and vehicle costs.
the cost to pg&e corporation and the utility, as applicable, for relocation assistance services, which may include moving services, payments to a third-party home sale assistance firm (which may include inspection, appraisal, and other costs related to the sale of the home, third-party service fees, etc.), mortgage subsidies, and commuting expenses during the relocation process. recipients of relocation
●  assistance also received tax reimbursement payments (mr. johnson $132,324 and mr. vesey $39,554) with respect to this benefit in accordance with a broad- based program that provides relocation benefits to all employees. such tax restoration payments are reflected in section (ii) of footnote 6 above.
in addition to the perquisite benefits described above, neos are given a set stipend that each neo may use as the officer sees fit. the stipend is intended to cover miscellaneous items in each neo's discretion (such as membership in professional organizations). the amount of this stipend is included in the summary compensation table in the
"all other compensation" column and is addressed in section (ii) of footnote 6. neos also were eligible to receive on-site parking, which was provided at no additional incremental cost to pg&e corporation and the utility. please see the cd&a for additional information regarding the elements of compensation discussed above, including information regarding salary, short-term incentives, and long-term incentives. additional information regarding grants of ltip awards can be found in the narrative following the "grants of plan-based awards in 2019" table. vi.
commit...            payouts                     payou...           other...  othero...  basep...  fairva...
undern...                     equity           share...  ofsecu...  ofopt...  ofstock incent...                     incen...            stock                   andopt...
date                                                                    units...
compensation opportunity granted for 2019 under the stip. actual amounts earned are reported in the summary compensation table in the "non-equity incentive plan compensation" column. threshold represents a
for stock options, the grant date fair value is based on a black-scholes american call valuation model, even though the options vest over three years and unvested options are forfeited if mr. johnson resigns or is terminated not for cause. the assumed per-share value was $5.14 for the options with an exercise price of $25.00, $3.31 for the options with an exercise price of $40.00, and $3.45 for the options with an exercise price of $50.00. the simulation model includes assumptions about dividend policy, duration, volatility, and risk-free interest rates. the dividend policy assumption uses 0% for dividend yield on pg&e corporation stock. expected duration of the options is the full term of the options. in absence of publicly-available transactions or information associated with implied volatility for a 10-year or 5-year option on pg&e common stock, volatility was estimated as 57%
using a weighted-average of three volatility measures: 25% applied to the post-bankruptcy volatility of pg&e corporation stock, 25%
(5)  applied to implied volatility based on exchange-traded options trading within 10% of even money and maturities greater than six months, and 50% applied to an average peer group volatility over the five year preceding the grant date re-leveraged for the capital structure of pg&e corporation. the risk-free rate is based on us treasury rates as of the grant date for a period commensurate with the expected life of the options; the rate was 1.52% for the options with an exercise price of $25.00 and $40.00, and 1.51% for the options with an exercise price of $50.00. for rsus and performance shares with safety, financial, and customer measures, the grant date fair value for mr. johnson is based on the volume-weighted average price for pg&e corporation stock for the 15 trading days prior to announcement of his hiring. the grant date fair value for mr. vesey is based on the average pg&e corporation stock closing price for the 15 trading days prior to his first day of employment with the utility.
37 detailed information regarding compensation reported in the tables entitled "summary compensation table-2019"
stip awards information regarding the terms and basis of stip awards can be found in the cd&a. no neos were eligible for stip in 2019 other than messrs. welsch and christopher, who were participants in the 2019 stip prior to their election as executive officers and chapter 11 insiders, and received stip payments in 2019, as reported in the table entitled "summary compensation table-2019." no future payout related to 2019 stip is due to any neo as of december 31, 2019. performance shares performance shares granted to the pg&e corporation and utility ceos as part of their 2019 annual equity incentives vested on december 31, 2019. upon vesting, performance shares are settled in shares of pg&e corporation common stock, net of the number of shares having a value equal to required withholding taxes. the number of shares issued is based on achievement of performance goals. the specific payout formulas are discussed in the cd&a. no other executive officers received grants of performance shares in 2019. each time that a cash dividend is paid on pg&e corporation common stock, an amount equal to the cash dividend per share multiplied by the number of performance shares granted to the recipient will be accrued on behalf of the recipient. at the end of the vesting period, the amount of accrued dividend equivalents will be increased or decreased by the same payout factor used to increase or decrease the number of vested performance shares for the period. accrued dividends are paid out in cash at the time the related performance shares are settled. due to the suspension of the pg&e corporation stock dividend since december 2017, no dividends have accrued on performance shares granted in 2019.
additionally, lump-sum cash payout of accrued dividends on shares from grants made prior to december 2017 that vested in 2019 were suspended during the pendency of the chapter 11 cases. restricted stock units rsus granted to the pg&e corporation and utility ceos as part of their 2019 annual equity incentives will vest in three tranches, with one-third vesting on the anniversary of the grant dates for the three years following the grant dates. no other executive officers received grants of rsus in 2019. upon vesting, rsus are settled in an equivalent number of shares of pg&e corporation common stock, net of the number of shares having a value equal to required withholding taxes. all rsus may be subject to earlier vesting or forfeiture upon certain events, in accordance with the terms of the grant. each time that a cash dividend is paid on pg&e corporation common stock, an amount equal to the cash dividend per share multiplied by the number of outstanding rsus granted to the recipient will be accrued on behalf of the recipient. accrued dividends are paid in cash at the time that the related rsus are settled. due to the suspension of the pg&e corporation stock dividend in december 2017, no dividends accrued on rsus granted in 2019.
additionally, lump-sum cash payout of accrued dividends on shares from grants made prior to december 2017 that vested in 2019 were suspended during the pendency of the chapter 11 cases. stock options performance-based stock options granted to the pg&e corporation ceo in 2019 will vest in three tranches, with one-third vesting on december
johnson's performance-based vested options expire at the close of business four years after the date of grant (in the case of tranches 1 and 2), or five years after the date of grant (in the case of tranche 3), after which time the options cease to be exercisable. the exercise price of each option was determined by the pg&e corporation board of directors at the time they approved mr. johnson's compensation arrangement for 2019 and is specified in the award agreement. no tandem dividend equivalents are granted with stock options. 38 vii. outstanding equity awards at fiscal year-end - 2019 this table provides additional information regarding performance shares, stock options, and rsus that were held as of december 31, 2019 by the neos, including awards granted prior to 2019. any awards described below that were granted in 2019 also are reflected in the "grants of plan-based awards in 2019" table.
option                                      stock awards                                     awards equity          equity market    incent...         incent...
equity                          number...         valueof    awards...         awards...
number           awards:                            units         orunits    shares...         valueof name      ofsecu...            number    option...    option...    ofstock              of         or         unearn...
ofsecu...                          thatha...         stockt...    otherr...         unitsor option...                          notves...         havenot    thatha...           other vested...    notves...         rights...
other than for mr. johnson, consists of unvested stock options from awards granted in 2018, with one-third of each award vesting on march 1, 2019, one-third vesting on march 2, 2020, and one-third vesting on
(1)   march 1, 2021. for mr. johnson, consists of unvested performance-based stock options from awards granted in 2019, with one-third of each award vesting on december 31, 2019, one-third vesting on december 31,
(2)   2019 and for which the reported number reflects a 152 percent payout, and (b) unvested rsus. see the cd&a for additional details regarding awards granted in 2019.
consists of unvested performance shares granted in 2018. consistent with sec rules, the number of shares
(4)   is presented assuming threshold performance for 2018 awards using a relative tsr measure, and maximum performance for 2018 awards using safety and financial measures. see the cd&a for additional details regarding awards granted in 2019.
(8)   21,832 performance shares are scheduled to vest in 2021, upon compensation committee ("committee")
(10)  2,839 performance shares are scheduled to vest in 2021, upon committee certification of performance results, but no later than march 14, 2021.
(12)  19,649 performance shares are scheduled to vest in 2021, upon committee certification of performance results, but no later than march 14, 2021.
(14)  3,276 performance shares are scheduled to vest in 2021, upon committee certification of performance results, but no later than march 14, 2021.
(16)  4,367 performance shares are scheduled to vest in 2021, upon committee certification of performance results, but no later than march 14, 2021.
(18)  2,415 performance shares are scheduled to vest in 2021, upon committee certification of performance results, but no later than march 14, 2021.
(20)  69,856 performance shares are scheduled to vest in 2021, upon committee certification of performance results, but no later than march 14, 2021.
(22)  7,861 performance shares are scheduled to vest in 2021, upon committee certification of performance results, but no later than march 14, 2021.
(24)  2,622 performance shares are scheduled to vest in 2021, upon committee certification of performance results, but no later than march 14, 2021.
(26)  6,987 performance shares are scheduled to vest in 2021, upon committee certification of performance results, but no later than march 14, 2021.
40 viii. option exercises and stock vested during 2019 this table provides additional information regarding the amounts received during 2019 by neos upon vesting or transfer of restricted stock and other stock-based awards.
ix. pension benefits - 2019 this table provides information for each neo relating to accumulated benefits as of december 31, 2019 under any plan that provides for payments or other benefits at, after, or relating to retirement.
numberof             presentvalue      paymentsduringlast name              plan name               yearscreditedservice    ofaccumulatedbenefits          fiscalyear ($)
41 additional information regarding compensation reported in the "pension benefits-2019" table, and any associated policies, can be found in the cd&a. the present value of accumulated benefits as of december 31, 2019 is determined assuming that the neos retire at the earliest unreduced retirement age, using mortality and interest assumptions consistent with those used in preparing pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial statements. the rp-2014
"employees" mortality table was used without collar or amount adjustments (adjusted to 2011 using a variation of mp-2014). rates were projected on a generational basis from 2011 using a variation of mp-2014. interest discount rates of 3.46 percent and 3.29 percent were used for the pacific gas and electric company retirement plan
2019, the pension benefits described in the above table are provided to officers under two plans. the utility provides retirement benefits to all its employees, including its officers, under the retirement plan, which is a tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan. the retirement plan historically also has provided benefits to a significant number of pg&e corporation's employees and officers. as of april 1, 2007, all pg&e corporation employees and officers are eligible to participate in the retirement plan. the retirement plan has two forms of benefit. with respect to the retirement plan's final pay benefit formula, a participating officer may begin receiving tax-qualified pension benefits at age 55, but benefits will be reduced unless the individual has at least
35 years of service. at age 65, a participant becomes eligible for an unreduced pension, irrespective of the years of service. between age 55 and age 65, any pension benefit may be reduced based on the number of years of service, and in accordance with the retirement plan's early retirement reduction factors. the normal benefit formula is 1.7
percent of the average annual salary for the last 36 months of service multiplied by years of credited service. the default form of benefit is a single-life annuity for participants who are unmarried at retirement or a 50 percent joint spousal annuity for married participants. however, other types of joint pensions are available, and participants may designate non-spousal joint pensioners (subject to spousal consent). effective january 1, 2013, a cash balance benefit was added to the retirement plan. employees hired or re-hired on or after january 1, 2013
participate in the cash balance benefit. employees hired before january 1, 2013 were given a one-time opportunity during 2013 to irrevocably select to switch to the cash balance benefit on a going-forward basis, effective january
1, 2014, or to retain the final pay benefit to which they were otherwise entitled. on the last day of each year (or on the date of benefit commencement, if earlier), an employee's cash balance account is credited with pay credits based on a point system of age plus service and eligible pay during the year. at the end of each calendar quarter, the account is credited with interest credits, based on an average of the 30-year treasury rates for the three months before the calendar quarter. special interest credit rules apply in the quarter in which benefit payment commences. the default forms of payment are similar to those under the final pay benefit formula. additionally, however, a cash balance participant may elect a lump-sum payout that is eligible for rollover into an individual retirement account or other tax-advantaged employer plan. cash balance participants may elect to receive their vested benefit when they leave employment with any participating employer, regardless of whether they have attained age 55. no current neos elected to switch to the cash balance benefit. pg&e corporation's non-qualified serp provides benefits to certain officers and key employees. the serp benefit formula is 1.7 percent of the average of the three highest combined salary and annual stip payments during the last 10 years of service, multiplied by years of credited service. payments are in the form of a single-life annuity or, at the election of the officer, a joint spousal annuity. normal retirement age is 65. vested benefits are payable in the seventh month following the later of the neo's reaching age 55 or separation from the company, subject to reduction depending on years of credited service, in accordance with the retirement plan's early retirement reduction factors. payments are reduced by amounts payable from the retirement plan. messrs. wells, simon, and ms. loduca participate in the serp. messrs.
christopher and hogan also participated in the dc-esrp prior to their separation from service. see the table entitled "non-qualified deferred compensation-2019" and the accompanying narrative for additional dc-esrp details.
williams has an accrued benefit under the serp, no payments were made to her from the serp in 2019. 42 at december
31, 2019, mr. simon was eligible for early retirement under the retirement plan and the serp. if mr. simon had retired on december 31, 2019, his benefit under both plans would have been subject to an early retirement reduction of 29.75 percent. at december 31, 2019, messrs. vesey and lewis were eligible for early retirement under the retirement plan. if mr. vesey had retired on december 31, 2019, his benefit would have been subject to an early retirement reduction of 1.25 percent. if mr. lewis had retired on december 31, 2019, his benefit would have been subject to an early retirement reduction of 22 percent. at december 31, 2019, messrs. johnson and welsch were eligible for retirement under the retirement plan, with unreduced benefits. ms. williams' benefit under both the retirement plan and the serp was subject to a 22.5 percent reduction when her employment ended. mr. hogan's benefit under the retirement plan was subject to a 30 percent reduction when his employment ended. mr. christopher's benefit under the retirement plan was subject to a 17.25 percent reduction when his employment ended. x. non-
name            plan     executivecontri...  registrantcont...  aggregateearnin...  aggregatewithd...  aggregatebalance last fy($)(1)    last fy($)(2)   inlast fy($)(3)                   atlast fye($)(4)
"srsp plans") for deferrals made on and after january 1, 2005 and from the pg&e corporation defined contribution executive supplemental retirement plan ("dc-esrp"). the below descriptions pertain to 2019. under the srsp plans, under normal circumstances officers may defer 5 percent to 75 percent of their base salary, and all or part of their perquisite allowance, stip payment, and performance share award if settled in cash. pg&e corporation also will contribute an amount equal to any employer contributions due under the 401(k) plan that were not made due to limitations under internal revenue code sections 401(m), 401(a)(17), or 415. under the srsp plans, officers may elect deferrals to be distributed in 1 to 10 installments commencing in january of the year following termination of employment. for deferrals made in 2005 and thereafter, distributions may commence seven months after termination of employment or in january of a year specified by the officer. earlier distributions may be made in the case of an officer's death. the plan administrator may, in its discretion, permit earlier withdrawals as requested by participants to meet unforeseen emergencies. under the dc-esrp, each time salary or stip is paid, pg&e corporation credits the participant's account with an amount equal to 7 percent of the payment. benefits vest after three years of cumulative service with the companies, and benefits generally are paid in a single lump sum upon the officer's separation from service commencing as soon as reasonably practicable, following a date seven months after the separation from service, except that benefits for participants in the utility retirement excess plan will be paid at the same time as benefits in the utility retirement excess plan are paid. officers may also elect deferrals to be distributed in 2 to 10 equal annual installments. earlier distributions may be made in the case of an officer's death. earnings on amounts in participant accounts under the srsp plans and the dc-esrp are calculated based on the performance of the following funds available in the 401(k) plan:
other available measures are the pg&e corporation phantom stock fund, which mirrors an investment in pg&e corporation common stock (2019 return of negative 50.74 percent), and the aa utility bond fund. the aa utility bond fund accrues interest based on the long-term corporate bond yield average for aa utilities reported by moody's investors service (yields reported during 2019 ranged from 3.07 percent to 4.20 percent). pre-2005 deferrals under the srsp plans are limited to the large company stock index fund, the pg&e corporation phantom stock fund, and the aa utility bond fund. in general, the earnings measures are selected by the officer and may be reallocated subject to restrictions imposed by regulations of the sec. however, deferrals of special incentive stock ownership premiums received under the prior executive stock ownership program before december 31, 2012 may only be invested in the pg&e corporation phantom stock fund and may not be reallocated. 44 xi. potential payments upon resignation, retirement, termination, change in control, death, or disability the neos are eligible to receive certain benefits upon termination, or when a change in control (as defined in the officer severance policy) occurs and either (1)
the officer's employment is terminated (including constructive termination by the officer for good reason) in connection with the change in control, or (2) the acquiring company does not continue or assume outstanding ltip awards, or substitute the ltip awards with substantially equivalent awards. the following table estimates potential payments for each neo as if, effective december 31, 2019, that individual's employment was terminated or an acquiror did not assume, continue, or grant substitute awards for ltip awards previously granted by pg&e corporation or the utility. estimates assume that the value of any stock-based compensation received was $10.87 per share, which was the closing price of pg&e corporation common stock on december 31, 2019. the table generally excludes (1) payments for services already rendered (such as unpaid and earned salary), which would be due to the neo even if the individual had remained employed with the companies, (2) post-retirement benefits that would be available to employees generally, and (3) any compensation that was previously earned but then deferred by the neo, and would become payable due to the termination (these deferred amounts are reflected in the table entitled "non-
qualified deferred compensation-2019"). the table also does not fully take into account changes and restrictions that apply following the commencement of the chapter 11 cases on january 29, 2019, including restrictions on severance payments. the value of actual cash and equity received on or shortly after december 31, 2019 would be less than the "total" amount listed below because (1) pension benefits are paid over time in the form of a life annuity, and (2) stock awards reflected in the table will be payable only after vesting, which may occur in subsequent years.
name              resignation/reti...     terminationfor  terminationwitho...             change              death cause($)           cause($)    incontrol($)(1)  ordisability($)(...
pension benefits value of stock awards                            0                  0          1,387,349          1,387,349          1,387,349
transition total                        22,400             22,400          3,967,038         10,776,821          1,409,749
pension benefits value of stock awards                            0                  0            548,944            548,944            548,944
transition total                        22,400             22,400          2,493,220          3,274,281            571,344
pension benefits value of stock awards                            0                  0            270,274            401,974            401,974
transition total                     1,437,426          1,437,426          2,867,488          4,101,689          1,244,062
pension benefits value of stock awards                            0                  0             37,259             54,386             54,386
transition total                       847,843            847,843          1,428,228          1,445,355            538,176
name              resignation/reti...     terminationfor  terminationwitho...             change              death cause($)           cause($)    incontrol($)(1)  ordisability($)(...
pension benefits value of stock awards                      372,332                  0            372,332            372,332            372,332
transition payment in lieu of post-retirement             422,925            422,925            422,925            422,925                  0
pension benefits value of stock awards                            0                  0             79,956            136,482            136,482
transition total                     2,235,153          2,235,153          3,364,485          4,290,178          1,789,880
pension benefits value of stock awards                       77,784                  0             77,784             77,784             77,784
transition payment in lieu of post-retirement             374,703            374,703            374,703            374,703                  0
pension benefits value of stock awards                            0                  0             17,595             31,664             31,664
transition total                        30,073             30,073            967,544            981,614             61,737
payments made in connection with a change in control may require shareholder approval, pursuant to the pg&e corporation golden parachute restriction policy, discussed below. if excise taxes are levied in
(1)  connection with internal revenue code section 4999, the aggregate benefits shown may be reduced to a level that does not trigger the excise tax, but only if doing so would be more beneficial to the officer on an after-tax basis.
(2)  for pension payments, the number reflects the value of aggregated benefits upon termination due to death.
pension payments upon termination due to disability would be the same as in the event of resignation.
reflects the value of outstanding equity awards for which vesting is continued or accelerated due to the termination event. based on performance through december 31, 2019, no payments would be made with respect to outstanding performance shares using a tsr measure. payments would be made at 152 percent with respect to outstanding performance shares granted in 2017 using safety and financial measures. outstanding
102 percent with respect to outstanding performance shares for the pg&e corporation ceo and at 107 percent with respect to outstanding performance shares for the utility ceo.
46 arrangements with former neos during 2019, the following neos separated from service prior to december 31, 2019.
in each case the individual was entitled to receive benefits consistent with a termination without cause as described below. additional benefits, if any are described below:
on january 13, 2019, ms. williams entered into a separation agreement, pursuant to which her employment ceased on january 13, 2019. in addition to those benefits typically provided to an individual who was terminated without cause, ms. williams also was granted access to continuing personal and home security for
●  a year following her separation from service, which she did not use and for which pg&e corporation incurred no expense. the value of benefits received due to such separation, calculated as of january 13, 2019, in a manner consistent with the calculations in the "potential payments" table, was $7,536,875.
●  on january 28, 2019. the value of benefits received due to such separation, calculated as of january
28, 2019, in a manner consistent with the calculations in the "potential payments" table, was $953,648.
●  july 2, 2019. the value of benefits received due to such separation, calculated as of july 2, 2019, in a manner consistent with the calculations in the "potential payments" table, was $2,336,193.
●  ceased on november 1, 2019. the value of benefits received due to such separation, calculated as of november 1, 2019, in a manner consistent with the calculations in the "potential payments" table, was
in addition, on april 12, 2019, mr. malnight resigned from employment with pacific gas and electric company. as a result, mr. malnight received benefits consistent with a resignation as described below. the value of benefits received due to such separation, calculated as of april 12, 2019, in a manner consistent with the calculations for resignation in the "potential payments" table, was $1,996,965. payment of certain severance benefits due to ms.
williams and messrs. christopher, hogan, and soto were suspended due to the chapter 11 cases. pension benefits in general if any neo is terminated for any reason, that officer generally is entitled to receive accrued and vested pension benefits, as described in the narrative accompanying the "pension benefits-2019" table. the value of the pension benefit will be paid out over time in the form of an annuity, consistent with payment elections made by the neo. the qualified plan trust is funded by contributions from both pg&e corporation and the utility. payments from the non-qualified plan are paid by pg&e corporation and are reduced by any benefit payable from the qualified plan.
benefits are paid from the qualified plan and the qualified plan trust to the maximum extent possible prior to payment under the non-qualified plan. the value of pension benefits reported in the table above is identical in all termination scenarios, except if an neo's employment is terminated due to that officer's death. in that case, if
(1) the officer was at least 55 years of age, or (2) the combined total of his or her age and the number of years worked exceeded 70, then the officer's surviving spouse or beneficiary would be entitled to an immediate commencement of payment of 50 percent of the single-life pension benefit that would otherwise have been available to the officer at age 65. for all other officers, the value of this pre-retirement survivor's benefit would be 50
percent of the single life pension benefit that would otherwise have been available to the officer at age 55, and the benefit would commence on the first of the month after the day that officer would have reached age 55. officer severance policy the officer severance policy provides for severance payments and the treatment of certain ltip awards upon termination with cause, termination without cause, and termination in connection with a change in control. benefits under the officer severance policy are paid by the individual's former employer. 47 potential payments - resignation/retirement ltip awards unvested performance shares, stock options, and rsus generally are cancelled upon resignation, unless that individual's resignation qualifies as a "retirement." for these purposes,
●  (unless retirement occurs within two years following a change in control, in which case shares underlying the rsus vest and are paid out within 60 days following the retirement).
●  schedule as if the officer remained employed (unless retirement occurs within two years following a change in control, in which case all options vest and may be exercised for the shorter of the remaining term or five years).
with respect to mr. johnson's 2019 one-time award of performance-based stock options, upon resignation unvested options are cancelled and vested options may be exercised for the remaining term of the options. messrs. simon and welsch were eligible for retirement under the ltip as of december 31, 2019. ms. williams and messrs. hogan and christopher were retirement-eligible at the time their employment ended. stip if an neo resigns or retires on or after december 31 of a performance year, that officer will be entitled to receive a lump-sum stip payment for that calendar year. if an neo resigns prior to december 31 of any calendar year, potential stip payments for that year generally are forfeited. however, if the neo is at least 55 years of age at the time of resignation, then potential stip payments will be treated in the same manner as for a "retirement." if an neo retires before december 31 of any calendar year, then the committee may, in its discretion, approve providing the retired neo with a lump-sum stip payment for that calendar year. any such stip payment generally would reflect actual earnings, and thus be prorated to reflect the amount of time that the retired neo was employed during the performance period. any stip payment generally would reflect the stip performance score applicable to active employees and would be paid by the former employer at the same time as for active employees. no neos were eligible for stip as of december 31, 2019. post-
retirement life insurance benefits upon retirement (as defined under the qualified pension plan), all employees of pg&e corporation, the utility, and certain subsidiaries are eligible to receive a life insurance coverage benefit under the post-retirement life insurance plan of pacific gas and electric company. if an employee retires at age 55
or older with at least 15 years of service ("qualifying retirement") with the companies and their respective subsidiaries, the employee may qualify for a different "benefit level" and the value of the benefit may increase.
each retiree's applicable "benefit level" is determined based on factors such as the participant's position with the company at retirement and the date of hire or promotion. prior to december 31, 2008, upon qualifying retirement, certain benefit levels also permitted the retiree to elect to receive the benefit in the form of a lump-sum cash payment equal to the present value of the insurance coverage benefit. participants no longer may elect the cash payment upon retirement, but certain individuals who were employees as of december 31, 2008 and who were likely upon retirement to qualify for the benefit levels that previously offered the cash alternative were given the opportunity to make a one-time election as to whether to receive future benefits (if any) as insurance coverage or in the form of a lump-sum cash payment. benefits are paid by the former employer. 48 upon qualifying retirement, messrs. simon and welsch would receive a lump-sum cash benefit equal to the present value of a post-
retirement life insurance policy with coverage equal to his last 12 months of salary. upon qualifying for retirement, messrs. johnson, vesey, wells, and lewis would be entitled to receive a life insurance benefit in the amount of $8,000 and mr. thomason and ms. loduca would be entitled to receive a life insurance benefit in the amount of $50,000. potential payments - termination for cause if an officer is terminated for cause, all outstanding performance shares and rsus are cancelled, stock options are forfeited, no severance payment is available, and the officer is not eligible to receive a stip payment for that year. as provided in the officer severance policy, in general, an officer is terminated "for cause" if the employer determines in good faith that the officer has engaged in, committed, or is responsible for:
●  inappropriate conduct in violation of pg&e corporation's equal employment opportunity policy,
●  conduct that reflects adversely upon, or making any remarks disparaging of, pg&e corporation, its board, officers, or employees, or its affiliates or subsidiaries,
●  any willful act that is likely to injure the reputation, business, or business relationship of pg&e corporation or its subsidiaries or affiliates, or
with respect to vesting of ltip awards, "cause" generally is determined in the sole discretion of pg&e corporation, and typically includes dishonesty, a criminal offense, or violation of a work rule. potential payments -
termination without cause ltip awards termination provisions are described in the officer severance policy and ltip award agreements. in general:
however, if the officer is at least 55 years of age with at least five years of service, his or her termination without cause is treated as a retirement under the terms of the ltip. (please see the section entitled "potential payments-resignation/ retirement" for a discussion of vesting provisions.) with respect to mr. johnson's 2019 rsu and performance share awards, upon termination without cause rsus and performance shares vest proportionately based on the number of months mr. johnson was employed during the vesting or performance period, as applicable. any vested performance shares are settled, if at all, at the end of the applicable performance period. with respect to mr. johnson's 2019 one-time award of performance-based stock options, upon termination without cause unvested options are cancelled and vested options may be exercised for the remaining term of the options. messrs. simon and welsch were eligible for retirement under the ltip as of december 31, 2019. ms. williams and messrs. hogan and christopher were retirement-eligible at the time their employment ended. 49 severance payment all neos would be entitled to a lump-sum payment of one times annual base salary and stip target. stip if an officer is terminated without cause before december 31 of a given year and has at least six months of service in that year, the officer is eligible to receive a prorated lump-sum stip award for that year. such stip payment generally would reflect the stip performance score applicable to active employees and would be prorated to reflect the amount of time that the officer was employed during the performance period. payments would be paid by the former employer and at the same time as for active employees. no neos were eligible for stip as of december 31, 2019. miscellaneous benefits the officer is entitled to receive a lump-sum cash payment equal to the estimated value of 18 months of cobra premiums, based on the officer's benefit levels at the time of termination (with such payment subject to taxation under applicable law), and career transition services. covenants in consideration for severance benefits other than those relating to ltip awards, (1) the officer agrees not to divulge any confidential or privileged information obtained during his or her employment, unless required or permitted by law, (2) during a period of 12 months following termination, the officer agrees to a covenant to, among other things, refrain from soliciting customers and employees, (3) the officer agrees to assist in legal proceedings as reasonably required during this period, (4) the officer must sign a release of claims, and (5) the officer must agree not to compete with pg&e corporation, the utility, or their subsidiaries or affiliates to the extent permitted by law. potential payments - severance in connection with change in control change in control benefits require a "double trigger" and are not payable based on a change in control event alone. benefits in connection with a change in control are provided by the officer severance policy, the ltips, and related ltip award agreements and guidelines. benefits may be limited by the pg&e corporation golden parachute restriction policy, which is discussed further below. definition of change in control a change in control occurs upon any of the following events:
any person or entity (excluding employee benefit plans or a plan fiduciary) becomes the direct or indirect owner of more than 30 percent of pg&e corporation's outstanding common stock.
over any two-year period, a majority of the pg&e corporation directors in office at the beginning of the period are no longer in office (unless each new director was elected or nominated for shareholder election by at least two-thirds of the remaining active directors who also were in office at the beginning
3.  shareholders own less than 70 percent of the voting power in the surviving entity (or parent of the surviving entity).
change in control is defined identically in the officer severance policy and in the 2014 ltip (and award agreements for grants made thereunder). no change in control occurred during 2019. 50 ltip awards following a change in control, ltip awards generally accelerate or automatically vest if either (a) the successor company fails to assume, continue, or substitute previously granted awards in a manner that preserves the value of those awards, or
(b) the award recipient is terminated (including constructive termination) in connection with a change in control during a set period of time before or after the change in control. specific acceleration, vesting, and settlement provisions are as follows (subject to any delays necessary to comply with internal revenue code section 409a):
treatment of unvested ltip awards upon termination without cause in connection with a change in control (cic)
cic occurs and acquiror      termination withinthree      termination withintwo doesnot assume, continue,    months before cic;awards     years aftercic; awards orgrant substitute ltip      are assumed,continued, or    are assumed,continued, or awards                       substituted                  substituted vest upon cic, payable at the end of the performance period, but based on a payout factor     vest upon cic, payable       vest upon termination, measuring tsr for the        at, and payout determined    payable at, and payout performance shares          period from the beginning    at, the end of the           determined at, the end of of the performance period    performance period           the performance period to the date of cic, and assuming performance for other measures was at target vest upon cic, settled vest upon cic, settled       under the normal schedule    vest upon termination, rsus                        under the normal schedule    (includes any rsus that      settled within 60 days would have continued to vest after termination)
stockoptions                cancelled in exchange for    exercised within shorter     may be exercised within fair value                   of remaining term or one     shorter of remaining term year                         or one year vest upon cic and cashed                                  vest upon termination out in connection with       vest upon cic assuming       assuming payout performance based stock     the cic transaction,         payout percentage of         percentage of 100%; may options                     assuming payout              100%; may be exercised       be exercised within
(mr. johnson only)          percentage of 100%; may      within shorter of            shorter of remaining term be exercised for the         remaining term or one        or one year from end of shorter of remaining term    year after cic               performance period or one year if a change in control occurs but the successor company assumes, continues, or substitutes previously-granted awards in a manner that preserves the value of those awards, then there is no change to the terms of the awards, except that any tsr-based performance measures will be calculated using pg&e corporation's relative tsr for the pre-cic period and the acquiror's tsr for the post-cic period, and all other performance measures will be set at target (100% payout percentage). severance payment the officer severance policy provides enhanced change in control severance benefits to "covered officers" who are in officer compensation bands 1 or 2. such covered officers include messrs. johnson, vesey, wells, simon, and ms. loduca. if messrs. lewis, welsch, or thomason had been terminated in connection with a change in control as of december 31, 2019, each would have been eligible for standard severance benefits, as discussed in the section entitled "potential payments-termination without cause."
if a covered officer is terminated without cause or is constructively terminated in connection with a change in control (which includes termination prior to a potential change in control, as defined in the officer severance policy), the officer generally would be eligible for a lump-sum payment equal to the total of:
3.  annual base salary in effect immediately before either the date of termination or the change in control, whichever is greater.
however, in connection with the elimination of reimbursement payments for excise taxes levied in connection with internal revenue code section 4999, eligible officers either (1) are responsible for paying any such excise taxes, or (2) have their aggregate change in control benefits reduced to a level that does not trigger the excise tax, but only if doing so would be more beneficial to the officer on an after-tax basis. 51 for these purposes, "cause"
the covered officer's willful and continued failure to substantially perform the officer's duties with
(i)   pg&e corporation or one of its affiliates, after a written board demand for substantial performance is delivered to the officer, or
constructive termination includes resignation in connection with conditions that constitute good reason as defined in the officer severance policy (which includes, among other things, a material diminution in duties, authority, or base compensation). the severance benefit levels described above are not provided to companies in bankruptcy-they do not represent what is allowed by the bankruptcy court. stip if a covered officer is terminated without cause or is constructively terminated in connection with a change in control, the officer severance policy provides that the officer will receive a lump-sum payment equal to the officer's prorated target stip calculated for the fiscal year in which termination occurs. no neos were eligible for stip as of december 31, 2019. pg&e corporation golden parachute restriction policy the golden parachute restriction policy requires shareholder approval of executive severance payments provided in connection with any change in control, to the extent that those payments exceed 2.99
times the sum of a covered officer's base salary and target annual stip. this policy was adopted by the pg&e corporation board in february 2006. the policy applies to the value of cash, special benefits, or perquisites that are due to the executive following or in connection with both (1) a change in control, and (2) the termination or constructive termination of an officer of pg&e corporation, the utility, or their respective subsidiaries at the level of senior vice president or higher. it does not apply to the value of benefits that would be triggered by a change in control without severance, or to the value of benefits that would be triggered by severance in the absence of a change in control. the golden parachute restriction policy also does not apply to certain enumerated payments, including, among others, compensation for services rendered prior to termination, tax restoration payments, and accelerated vesting or settlement of equity awards. potential payments - termination due to death or disability ltip awards if an officer's employment is terminated due to death or disability, ltip awards generally are treated as follows:
●  if a participant's death or disability (as defined under internal revenue code section 409a) occurs while employed, unvested rsus vest immediately and will be settled within 60 days.
if a participant's death or disability (as defined under internal revenue code section 409a) occurs while
●  employed, unvested stock options vest immediately. vested stock options may be exercised within the shorter of one year or the remaining term.
with respect to mr. johnson's 2019 one-time award of performance-based stock options, upon termination due to death or disability, unvested options remain eligible to vest based on achievement of performance metrics, and generally may be exercised for the shorter of one year after the end of the performance period or the remaining term of the options. vested ltip awards are payable to the officer's designated beneficiary(ies) in the case of death, or otherwise in accordance with the officer's instructions or by law. 52 stip if an officer's employment is terminated due to death or disability before december 31 of the stip performance year, a prorated portion of the target stip award will become payable in a lump-sum to the officer, or, in the case of death, to the officer's beneficiary(ies), by the former employer and at the same time as stip payments are made to active employees. no neos were eligible for stip as of december 31, 2019. xii. principal executive officers' (peo) pay ratio - 2019 pg&e corporation and utility peos' pay ratio the pg&e corporation peo's 2019 total compensation was $19,372,233. the total compensation of the median employee was $206,693. the ratio of peo pay to median worker pay for pg&e corporation was 94:1. the utility peo's 2019 total compensation was $3,002,377. the total compensation of the median employee was $206,693. the ratio of peo pay to median worker pay for the utility was 15:1. these ratios are reasonable estimates calculated in a manner consistent with item 402(u) of regulation s-k. pg&e corporation peo pay ratio - adjusted as mr. johnson's 2019 compensation included a one-time cash transition payment in connection with his hire as ceo of pg&e corporation and a one-time grant of performance-based options that vest subject to achievement of annual performance targets set in 2019, 2020 and 2021, we are presenting an alternative calculation of the pay ratio. the alternative calculation excludes the one-time cash transition payment and the value of the performance-based options subject to annual performance targets to be determined in 2020 and 2021. in this case, the peo's 2019 total compensation was $8,970,899. the total compensation of the median employee was $206,693. the adjusted ratio of peo pay to median worker pay for pg&e corporation was 43:1. pg&e corporation and utility peos'
compensation calculation as of december 31, 2019, william johnson, chief executive officer and president of pg&e corporation served as peo of pg&e corporation. because mr. johnson became peo of the utility beginning may 2, 2019, peo compensation as set forth in the summary compensation table in the "total" column was annualized to project the amount of compensation that would have been earned if the peo had been in his position for the full year. as of december 31, 2019, andrew vesey, chief executive officer and president of the utility served as peo of the utility.
because mr. vesey became peo of the utility beginning august 19, 2019, peo compensation as set forth in the summary compensation table in the "total" column was annualized to project the amount of compensation that would have been earned if the peo had been in his position for the full year. median employee selection december 31, 2019 was selected as the date to identify the "median employee." the companies identified the same individual as was identified as the "median employee" on december 31, 2017, for purposes of disclosures in the 2018 joint proxy statement, given that since december 31, 2017, there have been no changes to either company's employee population or employee compensation arrangements that would result in significant changes to the pay ratio disclosure. to identify the "median employee" on december 31, 2017, medicare wages from tax records were utilized to make the initial identification. at that time, of the companies' total of 23,361 employees, an insignificant number (24)
were employed by pg&e corporation, so the same employee was used as the "median employee" for both pg&e corporation and the utility in 2017, 2018, and again in 2019. after identifying the median employee, all the elements of compensation, including cash compensation and change in pension value, for 2019 were combined in accordance with the requirements of item 402(c)(2)(x) of sec regulation s-k. 53 item 12. security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters principal shareholders the following table presents certain information regarding shareholders that pg&e corporation and the utility believe, based on public filings, are beneficial owners of more than 5 percent of any class of voting securities of the corporation or the utility as of march 25, 2020 (except as noted below).
knighthead capital management, llc(4)
abrams capital management, l.p.(4)
pacific gas and electric company first  stonehill capital partners  llc preferred stock, cumulative, par value  885 third avenue                                   901,506(6)  8.7%
(1)  the utility's common stock and preferred stock vote together as a single class. each share is entitled to one vote.
(2)  as of march 25, 2020, the corporation held 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of utility common stock, and no utility preferred shares.
the information relates to beneficial ownership as of december 31, 2019, as reported in an amended schedule 13g filed with the sec on february 12, 2020 by the vanguard group, inc. ("vanguard"). for these
(3)  purposes, vanguard has sole voting power with respect to 243,460 shares of pg&e corporation common stock, shared voting power with respect to 126,711 shares, sole dispositive power with respect to 38,227,556
shares, and shared dispositive power with respect to 236,246 shares of pg&e corporation common stock held by vanguard.
13ds filed with the sec on january 23, 2020 by knighthead capital management, llc ("knighthead") and abrams capital management, l.p. ("abrams").  according to the schedule 13ds filed with the sec on august
13(d)(3) of the securities exchange act of 1934 comprised of knighthead and abrams.  for these purposes, knighthead has shared voting power with respect to 14,883,521 shares and shared dispositive power with
(4)  respect to 14,883,521 shares of pg&e corporation common stock held by knighthead, while abrams has sole voting power with respect to
14,000 shares, shared voting power with respect to 25,000,000 shares, sole dispositive power with respect to 14,000 shares and shared dispositive power with respect to 25,000,000 shares of pg&e corporation common stock held by abrams. on march 30, 2020, each of knighthead and abrams filed amended schedule 13ds noting that they had terminated their status as a "group"
with respect to the common stock of pg&e corporation for purposes of section 13(d)(3) of the securities exchange act of 1934.
the information relates to beneficial ownership as of december 31, 2019, as reported in an amended schedule 13g filed with the sec on february 14, 2020 by gallagher fiduciary advisors, llc ("gallagher"), which serves as independent fiduciary and investment manager for pg&e corporation retirement savings plan (the
for these purposes, the retirement plan has shared dispositive power with respect to 10,242,537 shares of pg&e corporation common stock held by the retirement plan, the union retirement plan has shared dispositive power with respect to
19,347,986 shares of pg&e corporation common stock held by the union retirement plan and gallagher has shared dispositive power with respect to 29,590,523 shares of pg&e corporation common stock held by gallagher.
the information relates to beneficial ownership as of december 31, 2019, as reported in an amended schedule 13g filed with the sec on march 19, 2020 by stonehill capital management llc ("stonehill").  for
(6)  these purposes, stonehill has shared voting power with respect to 901,506 shares and shared dispositive power with respect to 901,506 shares of utility first preferred stock, cumulative, par value $25 per share held by stonehill.
54 security ownership of management the following table sets forth the number of shares of pg&e corporation common stock beneficially owned (as defined in the rules of the sec) as of march 10, 2020 by the directors, the neos, and all directors and executive officers of pg&e corporation and the utility as a group. as of march 10, 2020, no listed individual owned shares of any class of utility securities. the table also sets forth common stock equivalents credited to the accounts of directors and executive officers under the corporation's deferred compensation and equity plans. directors and section 16 officers of the corporation and the utility may not engage in any hedging or monetization transactions that limit or eliminate the officer's ability to profit from an increase in the value of company stock, and generally are prohibited from pledging company stock as collateral for a loan.
william l. smith(4)                              0    *                                          0            0
all utility directors and executive                              320,886    *                                     31,276      352,162
(1)  pg&e corporation. except as otherwise indicated below, the listed individuals have sole voting and investment power over the shares shown in this column. voting power includes the power to direct the voting of the shares held, and investment power includes the power to direct the disposition of the shares held.
this column also includes the following shares of pg&e corporation common stock in which the listed individuals share voting and investment power: mr. wells 38,326 shares and ms. williams 115,996 shares, all pg&e corporation directors and executive officers as a group 38,326 shares, and all utility directors and executive officers as a group 0 shares. no reported shares are pledged.
this column reflects the number of stock units that were purchased by listed individuals through salary and other compensation deferrals or that were awarded under equity compensation plans. the value of each stock unit is equal to the value of a share of pg&e corporation common stock and fluctuates daily based on
(3)  the market price of pg&e corporation common stock. the listed individuals who own these stock units share the same market risk as pg&e corporation shareholders, although they do not have voting rights with respect to these stock units.
messrs. barrera, bleich, fowler, johnson, leffell, mullins, smith, wolff, and woolard and mses. brownell,
(4)  campbell, mielle, moore, and schmidt are directors of both pg&e corporation and the utility. mr.
vesey is a director of the utility.
(5)  summary compensation table as neos of both pg&e corporation and the utility. messrs. thomason, lewis, malnight, christopher, and hogan are included in the summary compensation table as neos of the utility only.
(6)  ms. williams and messrs. soto, christopher, hogan, and malnight were neos during 2019 but are no longer with pg&e corporation or the utility.
mr. leffell beneficially owns (i) 1375 shares of pg&e corporation common stock directly in his name or in his self-directed individual retirement account, (ii) 73,880 shares of pg&e corporation common stock through his interest in portage capital, llc, a family investment partnership, (iii) 4150 shares of
(7)  pg&e corporation common stock held by an entity owned by members of mr. leffell's immediate family and
55 equity compensation plan information the following table provides information as of december 31, 2019 concerning shares of pg&e corporation common stock authorized for issuance under pg&e corporation's existing equity compensation plans.
number of securities remaining available for
(a)                     (b)                       future issuance number of        weighted average                                 under securities to be                exercise                                equity issued upon                price of                    compensation plans exercise of             outstanding                            (excluding outstanding                options,                            securities options, warrants            warrants and                          reflected in plan category                          and rights                  rights                           column (a))
equity compensation plans approved      6,607,418                  -1    $              41.25  -2    15,150,532                  -3
by shareholders equity compensation plans not                   -                                           -                 -
approved by shareholders total equity compensation        6,607,418                  -1    $              41.25  -2    15,150,532                  -3
plans includes 9,699 phantom stock units, 2,041,071 restricted stock units and 3,030,422 performance shares. the weighted average exercise price reported in column (b) does not take these awards into account. for performance shares, amounts reflected in this table assume payout in shares at 200% of target or, for performance shares granted in 2016, reflects the actual payout percentage of 0% for performance shares using a total shareholder return
(1)  metric and 100% for performance shares using safety and affordability metrics. the actual number of shares issued can range from 0% to 200% of target depending on achievement of performance objectives. also, restricted stock units and performance shares are generally settled in net shares. upon vesting, shares with a value equal to required tax withholding will be withheld and, in lieu of issuing the shares, taxes will be paid on behalf of employees. shares not issued due to share withholding or performance achievement below maximum will be available again for issuance.
represents the total number of shares available for issuance under all pg&e corporation's equity compensation plans as of december 31, 2019. stock-based awards granted under these plans include restricted stock units, performance shares and phantom stock units. the 2014 ltip, which became effective on may 12,
(3)  2014, authorizes up to 17 million shares to be issued pursuant to awards granted under the 2014 ltip. in addition, 5.5 million shares related to awards outstanding under the 2006 ltip at december 31, 2013 or awards granted under the 2006
ltip from january 1, 2014 through may 11, 2014 were cancelled, forfeited or expired and became available for issuance under the 2014 ltip.
for more information, see note 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of the original filing. 56 item 13. certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence related party transactions approval policies the boards of pg&e corporation and the utility each adopted a written policy (the companies 'related party transaction policy ( "policy ")) which generally requires audit committee approval or ratification of transactions that would require disclosure under item 404(a) of regulation s-k under the securities exchange act of 1934 ( "item 404(a) "), except that the policy has a lower dollar threshold than item 404(a). under the policy, at the first meeting of each year, each company 's audit committee reviews, approves, and/or ratifies related party transactions (other than the types of transactions that are excluded from disclosure under item
404(a), as described below) with values exceeding $10,000 in which either company participates and in which any
's voting securities, and (3) those parties 'immediate family members. after the annual review and approval of related party transactions, if either company wishes to enter into a new related party transaction, then that transaction must be either pre-approved or ratified by the applicable audit committee. if a transaction is not ratified in accordance with the policy, management will make all reasonable efforts to cancel or annul that transaction. where it is not practical or desirable to wait until the next audit committee meeting to obtain approval or ratification, the chair of the applicable audit committee may elect to approve a particular related party transaction. if the chair of the applicable audit committee has an interest in the proposed related party transaction, then that transaction may be reviewed and approved by another independent and disinterested member of the applicable audit committee. in either case, the individual approving the transaction must report such approval to the full committee at the next regularly scheduled meeting. when reviewing any related party transaction, the audit committees consider whether the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm 's-length dealings with an unrelated third party. the policy also requires that each audit committee disclose to the respective board any material related party transactions. as provided in item 404(a), the following types of transactions are excluded:
●  transactions where the rates or charges are determined by competitive bids,
●  transactions for the rendering of services as a common or contract carrier, or public utility, at rates or charges fixed in conformity with law or governmental authority,
●  transactions for services as a bank depository of funds, transfer agent, registrar, trustee under a trust indenture, or similar services,
●  benefits received on a pro rata basis by holders of pg&e corporation or utility securities, transactions where the individual's interest arises solely (1) from such person's position as a director of another corporation or organization which is a party to the transaction, (2) from the direct or indirect ownership of such person and a specific group (consisting of directors, nominees for director, and
●  executive officers of the corporation, or any member of their immediate families), in the aggregate, of less than a 10 percent equity interest in another person (other than a partnership) that is a party to the transaction, or (3) from both such position and ownership, transactions where the individual's interest arises solely from the holding of an equity interest (including
●  a limited partnership interest, but excluding a general partnership interest) or a creditor interest in another person that is party to the transaction with pg&e corporation, the utility, or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates, and the transaction is not material to such other person, transactions where the individual's interest arises only from such person's position as a limited partner in
●  a partnership engaged in a transaction with pg&e corporation or the utility, in which the individual's interest (when aggregated with any other related parties) is less than 10 percent and the individual does not serve as a general partner of, nor hold another position in, the partnership, an employment relationship or transaction involving an executive officer of the respective company (and any
●  related compensation resulting solely from that relationship or transaction), if the compensation is reported pursuant to regulation s-k, item 402, an employment relationship or transaction involving an executive officer of the respective company (and any related compensation resulting solely from that relationship or transaction), if the compensation would have been reported pursuant to regulation s-k, item 402 as compensation earned for services if that
●  individual were an executive officer named in the summary compensation table, and such compensation had been approved or recommended to the board by the pg&e corporation compensation committee (and the executive officer is not an immediate family member of another related party), or
●  compensation provided to a director, provided that such compensation is reported pursuant to regulation s-k, item 407.
57 since january 1, 2019, all related party transactions have been approved or ratified by the applicable audit committee in accordance with this policy, except for entering into the backstop commitment letters with knighthead, abrams and stonehill, which were reviewed and approved by the full pg&e corporation board. related person transactions kathy thomason is employed by the utility as a business finance analyst, expert, and she is the spouse of david s. thomason, who is vice president, chief financial officer, and controller of the utility. since january
1, 2019, ms. thomason received compensation and related payments and benefits from the utility with a value of approximately $ 170,000. any payments to ms. thomason for services rendered during 2020 are expected to be similar in nature and value to payments provided during 2019, consistent with the utility 's policies and practices that apply to employee compensation generally. backstop commitment letters according to the schedule 13ds filed with the sec on august 7, 2019 by knighthead and abrams, each of knighthead and abrams may be deemed to be a member of a group for the purposes of section 13(d)(3) of the securities exchange act of 1934 comprised of knighthead and abrams. together, knighthead and abrams own more than 5% of the outstanding common stock of pg&e corporation. on september 9, 2019, pg&e corporation entered into chapter 11 plan backstop commitment letters with knighthead and abrams. knighthead and abrams committed to purchase $1.0 billion and $500 million, respectively, of shares of pg&e corporation, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. as of september 9, 2019, the total amount of such commitments was $1.5 billion. for a complete description of these equity backstop commitments, see pg&e corporation's and the utility's current report on form 8-k filed with the securities and exchange commission on september 9, 2019. on september 13, 2019, pg&e corporation entered into amended chapter 11 plan backstop commitment letters with knighthead and abrams. knighthead and abrams committed to purchase $1.0 billion and $500 million, respectively, of shares of pg&e corporation, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. as of september
13, 2019, the total amount of such commitments was $1.5 billion. for a complete description of these equity backstop commitments, see pg&e corporation's and the utility's current report on form 8-k filed with the securities and exchange commission on september 13, 2019. according to the amended schedule 13g filed with the sec on february
$25 per share of the utility. on september 30, 2019, pg&e corporation entered into a chapter 11 plan backstop commitment letter with stonehill. stonehill committed to purchase $295 million of shares of pg&e corporation, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. as of september 30, 2019, the total amount of such commitments (including similar commitments of third parties) was $14.0 billion. for a complete description of these equity backstop commitments, see pg&e corporation's and the utility's current report on form 8-k filed with the securities and exchange commission on october 1, 2019. on november 16, 2019, pg&e corporation entered into new chapter 11 plan backstop commitment letters with knighthead and abrams which superseded the earlier backstop commitments. knighthead and abrams committed to purchase $400 million and $400 million, respectively, of shares of pg&e corporation, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. as of november 16, 2019, the total amount of such commitments (including similar commitments of third parties) was $7.415 billion. for a complete description of these equity backstop commitments, see pg&e corporation's and the utility's current report on form 8-k filed with the securities and exchange commission on november 18, 2019. on november 16, 2019, pg&e corporation entered into a chapter 11 plan backstop commitment letter with stonehill. stonehill committed to purchase $50 million of shares of pg&e corporation, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. as of november 16, 2019, the total amount of such commitments (including similar commitments of third parties) was $7.415 billion. for a complete description of these equity backstop commitments, see pg&e corporation's and the utility's current report on form 8-k filed with the securities and exchange commission on november 18, 2019. on december 6, 2019, pg&e corporation entered into new chapter 11 plan backstop commitment letters with knighthead and abrams which superseded the earlier backstop commitments. knighthead and abrams committed to purchase $548 million and $548
million, respectively, of shares of pg&e corporation, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. as of december 6, 2019, the total amount of such commitments (including similar commitments of third parties) was $12
billion. for a complete description of these equity backstop commitments, see pg&e corporation's and the utility's current report on form 8-k filed with the securities and exchange commission on december 11, 2019. 58 on december
6, 2019, pg&e corporation entered into a chapter 11 plan backstop commitment letter with stonehill. stonehill committed to purchase $184 million of shares of pg&e corporation, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. as of december 6, 2019, the total amount of such commitments (including similar commitments of third parties) was $12.0 billion. for a complete description of these equity backstop commitments, see pg&e corporation's and the utility's current report on form 8-k filed with the securities and exchange commission on december 11,
2019. on december 23, 2019, pg&e corporation entered into new chapter 11 plan backstop commitment letters with knighthead and abrams which superseded the earlier backstop commitments. knighthead and abrams committed to purchase $400 million and $300 million, respectively, of shares of pg&e corporation, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. as of december 23, 2019, the total amount of such commitments (including similar commitments of third parties) was $12 billion. for a complete description of these equity backstop commitments, see pg&e corporation's and the utility's current report on form 8-k filed with the securities and exchange commission on december 26, 2019. on december 23, 2019, pg&e corporation entered into a chapter 11 plan backstop commitment letter with stonehill. stonehill committed to purchase $150 million of shares of pg&e corporation, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. as of december 23, 2019, the total amount of such commitments (including similar commitments of third parties) was $12.0 billion. for a complete description of these equity backstop commitments, see pg&e corporation's and the utility's current report on form 8-k filed with the securities and exchange commission on december 26, 2019. on march 1, 2020, pg&e corporation entered into new chapter 11 plan backstop commitment letters with knighthead and abrams which superseded the earlier backstop commitments.
knighthead and abrams committed to purchase $400 million and $300 million, respectively, of shares of pg&e corporation, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. as of december 23, 2019, the total amount of such commitments (including similar commitments of third parties) was $700 million. for a complete description of these equity backstop commitments, see pg&e corporation's and the utility's current report on form 8-k filed with the securities and exchange commission on march 2, 2020. on march 6, 2020, pg&e corporation entered into a chapter
11 plan backstop commitment letter with stonehill. stonehill committed to purchase $150 million of shares of pg&e corporation, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. as of march 6, 2020, the total amount of such commitments (including similar commitments of third parties) was $12.0 billion. for a complete description of these equity backstop commitments, see pg&e corporation's and the utility's current report on form 8-k filed with the securities and exchange commission on march 10, 2020. director independence on both pg&e corporation 's board and the utility 's board, at least 75 percent of the directors are independent, as required by each company 's guidelines. the definitions of "independence "are identical for each company, are set forth in each company 's guidelines, and reflect applicable nyse definitions. as of february 21, 2020, all of pg&e corporation 's non-
employee directors also are independent as defined by the nyse. the utility board is exempt from nyse american rules requiring that at least a majority of the directors meet the stock exchange 's definition of "independent director "because pg&e corporation holds approximately 96 percent of the voting power of the utility and the utility is a "controlled "subsidiary. the boards of the corporation and the utility have determined that each of the following directors is independent according to the applicable company 's guidelines: richard r. barrera, jeffrey l. bleich, nora mead brownell, cheryl f. campbell, fred j. fowler, michael j. leffell, dominique mielle, meridee a. moore, eric d. mullins, kristine m. schmidt, william l. smith, alejandro d. wolff and john m. woolard.
pg&e corporation and the utility also have determined that from january 1, 2019 to the date of this amendment no.
1, each of the following past directors was independent while serving on the boards, according to the applicable company 's guidelines: frederick w. buckman, lewis chew, richard c. kelly, roger h. kimmel, kenneth liang, richard a. meserve, forrest e. miller, benito minicucci, rosendo g. parra, barbara l. rambo, and anne shen smith. in assessing each director 's independence, the companies considered transactions between pg&e corporation or the utility and their respective directors, and their immediate family members, and certain entities with which the directors or their immediate family members were affiliated. these transactions primarily involved (a) the utility
's provision of utility services at rates or charges fixed in conformity with law or governmental authority and (b)
membership fees paid to a non-profit entity previously affiliated with one of the companies 'directors (in amounts below the $10,000 threshold for audit committee review pursuant to the companies 'related party transaction policy), which the boards determined were not material and did not affect the director 's independence. 59 in assessing the independence of each member of the audit committees, the boards of pg&e corporation and the utility considered the following: michael schmidt, brother of kristine m. schmidt, is currently the chief technology officer of deloitte & touche llp ("deloitte & touche"), the independent registered public accounting firm for pg&e corporation and the utility since 1999. in his capacity as the chief technology officer, mr. schmidt oversees technology issues relating to deloitte & touche's global and u.s. audit functions. mr. schmidt does not participate in any auditing or quality control activities at deloitte & touche or work on any matters related to pg&e corporation or the utility and is not otherwise a "covered person" within the meaning of item 2-01 of regulation s-x under the securities act. the boards determined that ms. schmidt's family relationship does not affect ms.
schmidt's or deloitte & touche's independence. each of the audit committees, the compensation committee, and the nominating and governance committee is composed entirely of independent directors, as defined in the applicable company 's guidelines and the committee 's charters. in addition, the audit committees, the compensation committee, and the nominating and governance committee are composed entirely of independent directors, as required and defined by the nyse. because the utility is a "controlled "subsidiary of pg&e corporation for purposes of the nyse american standards, the utility is not subject to nyse american rules that otherwise would require that the utility 's board committees responsible for executive compensation and governance be comprised of "independent "directors, as defined by nyse american, and would impose requirements on the utility 's director nomination and compensation-
setting processes. each member of the audit committees and each member of the compensation committee also satisfies heightened independence standards established by sec rules and applicable stock exchange requirements regarding independence of audit committee members and compensation committee members. 60 item 14. principal accountant fees and services selection and oversight of the independent auditor each audit committee is responsible for the appointment, replacement, compensation, and oversight of the work of the independent auditor. the audit committees review the scope of the audit, including the terms of the engagement. the independent auditor reports directly to the audit committees; at each audit committee meeting, the independent auditor meets separately with the audit committees, without management present. annually, each audit committee also evaluates the independence, qualifications, and performance of the independent auditor, taking into account the opinions of management and the internal auditors. to ensure continuing independence of the independent auditor, the audit committees also consider whether there should be rotation of the independent auditor. in accordance with sec rules, the lead audit partner may provide a maximum number of five consecutive years of service to the companies. consistent with that requirement, deloitte & touche assigned a new lead auditor to lead the integrated audit of pg&e corporation 's and the utility 's financial statements, starting in 2017. the audit committees reviewed and evaluated the new lead auditor as part of its annual process for reviewing the independent auditor. for 2020, the audit committees selected deloitte & touche as the companies 'independent auditor, following consideration of the following factors and criteria: (1) status as a registered public accounting firm and is subject to oversight by the public company accounting oversight board; (2) status as a "big four "public accounting firm, nationally and internationally recognized as an expert in accounting and auditing; (3) having one of the largest utility practices of the "big four "public accounting firms; (4) having made a strong commitment to supporting supplier diversity; (5) having significant experience with the companies; and (6) having an experienced team, including the lead partner, familiar with the industry, assigned to the companies 'engagements. the audit committees also considered (1) deloitte &
touche 's quality control report, (2) deloitte & touche 's discussion of its independence, and (3) a review of deloitte & touche 's proposed audit plan (including draft engagement letter) for 2020. although deloitte & touche has been the companies 'independent auditor since 1999, in 2015 and at the audit committees 'direction, the companies solicited bids from accounting firms to conduct the external audits of the companies 'financial statements for the year ending december 31, 2016. the bids were evaluated by the auditor selection committee, which was comprised of members from the companies 'accounting, internal auditing, regulatory, operational, sourcing, and legal functions. the bids were evaluated with respect to four key factors: firm capabilities and background, firm resources and audit plan, supplier diversity plans, and pricing. upon consideration of the information provided by the auditor selection committee, each audit committee appointed deloitte & touche as the independent auditor for the year ending december 31, 2016. fees billed by the independent auditor during 2019 and 2018 the audit committees have reviewed the audit and non-audit fees that pg&e corporation, the utility, and their respective controlled subsidiaries have been billed for the independent auditor (including subsidiaries and affiliates), in order to consider whether the nature and relative value of those fees are compatible with maintaining the firm 's independence. table 1: fees billed to pg&e corporation (amounts include fees billed to the utility and its subsidiaries shown in table 2 below)
audit fees          $ 2.111 million  $5.505 million audit-related fees  $ 0.095 million  $0.245 million tax fees                         $0              $0
table 2: fees billed to the utility and its subsidiaries (amounts are included in fees billed to pg&e corporation shown in table 1 above)
audit fees           $1.920 million  $4.896 million audit-related fees  $ 0.090 million  $0.245 million tax fees                         $0              $0
61 audit fees audit fees billed for 2019 and 2018 relate to services rendered by deloitte & touche and its affiliates in connection with reviews of quarterly reports on form 10-q, certain limited procedures on registration statements, the audits of the annual financial statements of pg&e corporation and its subsidiaries and the utility and its subsidiaries, the audits of both pg&e corporation 's and the utility 's internal control over financial reporting, as required by section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act, advice regarding adoption of new accounting pronouncements, support for statutory or regulatory filings or engagements and regulators' reviews of auditor workpapers, and procedures related to the california wildfires and going concern. in addition to the services outlined above, audit fees billed for 2019 also relate to services rendered for post-bankruptcy matters and additional audit procedures related to the planned participation in the wildfire fund established under assembly bill 1054. audit-related fees audit-related fees billed in 2019 and 2018 relate to services rendered by deloitte &
touche and its affiliates for nuclear decommissioning trust audits, consultations on financial accounting and reporting standards, required agreed-upon procedure reports related to contractual obligations of the utility and its subsidiaries, advice regarding proposed transactions, training, and advice concerning internal controls surrounding new applications, systems, or activities. tax fees deloitte & touche and its affiliates provided no services in this category during 2019 and 2018. all other fees deloitte & touche and its affiliates provided no services in this category during 2019 and 2018. obtaining services from the independent auditor annual review and pre-approval of services for each fiscal year, each audit committee approves a list of services that will be obtained during that year by the applicable company and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates from the independent auditor (including its affiliates). the approved services generally are consistent with the descriptions below:
category                description audit and review of annual and quarterly financial statements, expressing opinions on the conformity of the audited financial statements with generally accepted accounting principles, auditing management's assessment of the effectiveness audit services          of internal control over financial reporting, and services that only the independent auditor reasonably can provide (e.g., comfort letters, statutory and regulatory audits, attest services, consents, assistance with and review of documents filed with the sec, and assistance with new accounting standards, laws, and regulations).
assurance and related services that traditionally are performed by the independent audit-related services  auditor (e.g., agreed-upon procedure reports related to contractual obligations and financing activities, nuclear decommissioning trust audits, and attest services).
tax services            advice relating to compliance, tax strategy, tax appeals, and specialized tax issues, all of which also must be permitted under the sarbanes-oxley act.
non-audit services      none.
the audit committees also approve maximum fee amounts for each approved service. as part of the review process, the audit committees assess, among other things, the impact of that service on the independent auditor 's independence.
during 2018, management adopted a policy of retaining d&t, deloitte consulting, or their subsidiaries or affiliate
(together, "deloitte ") for non-audit services only if the services (1) do not impair d&t 's independence, in fact or appearance, and are permitted by any rules regarding auditor independence, and (2) when aggregated, total amounts paid per year by the companies to deloitte for "tax service "and "other services "(non-audit services) will be no more than 20 percent of the expected amounts that the companies will pay to deloitte for "audit services "and
"audit-related services. " management continued to apply this policy in 2019. mid-year monitoring and approval of additional services during the year, management periodically updates each audit committee as to the extent to which the approved services have already been provided. the audit committees also must approve (1) any proposed new services that were not approved during the annual review, and (2) any increase in authorized fee amounts for previously approved services. delegation of pre-approval authority each audit committee has delegated to its committee chair, or to any other independent committee member if the chair is not available, the authority to pre-
approve services provided by the applicable company 's independent auditor. these pre-approvals must be presented to the full audit committee at the next regularly scheduled committee meeting. services provided during 2019 and
2018 during 2019 and 2018, all services provided by deloitte & touche to pg&e corporation, the utility, and their consolidated affiliates were approved consistent with the applicable pre-approval procedures. 62 part iv item 15.
exhibits and financial statement schedules 1. the following consolidated financial statements, supplemental information and report of independent registered public accounting firm were previously filed as part of the original filing: consolidated statements of income for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017 for each of pg&e corporation and pacific gas and electric company. consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017 for each of pg&e corporation and pacific gas and electric company.
consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2019 and 2018 for each of pg&e corporation and pacific gas and electric company. consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017 for each of pg&e corporation and pacific gas and electric company. consolidated statements of equity for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017 for pg&e corporation. consolidated statements of shareholders 'equity for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017 for pacific gas and electric company. notes to the consolidated financial statements. quarterly consolidated financial data (unaudited). management 's report on internal controls.
reports of independent registered public accounting firm (deloitte & touche llp). 2. the following financial statement schedules were previously filed as part of the original filing: condensed financial information of parent as of december 31, 2019 and 2018 and for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017. consolidated valuation and qualifying accounts for each of pg&e corporation and pacific gas and electric company for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017. 3. exhibits required by item 601 of regulation s-k 63
exhibit    exhibit description number restated articles of incorporation of pg&e corporation effective as of may 29, 2002, as amended by
3.1        the amendment dated june 21, 2019 [conformed copy] (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 3.1)
3.2        (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2000 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 3.2)
10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 3.1)
3.4        2004 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated april 12, 2004 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 3)
3.5        reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2019 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit
6, 2018 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
8-k dated august 6, 2018 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.2)
4.3        second supplemental indenture, dated as of april 12, 2004, between pacific gas and electric company and the bank of new york trust company, n.a. (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2005 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.4        principal amount of pacific gas and electric company's 5.80% senior notes due march 1, 2037 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated march 14, 2007 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.5        pacific gas and electric company's 6.35% senior notes due february 15, 2038 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated march 3, 2008 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.6        amount of pacific gas and electric company's 6.25% senior notes due march 1, 2039 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated march 6, 2009 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
(file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.8        aggregate principal amount of its 5.80% senior notes due march 1, 2037 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated april 1, 2010 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
(file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
$250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.40% senior notes due january 15, 2040 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated november 18, 2010 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
(file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
(incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated december 1, 2011 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
(incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated april 16, 2012 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
$350,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 3.75% senior notes due august 15, 2042 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated august 16, 2012 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
aggregate principal amount of its 4.60% senior notes due june 15, 2043 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated june 14, 2013 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
$500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.125% senior notes due november 15, 2043 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated november 12, 2013 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
$450,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.75% senior notes due february 15, 2044 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated february 21, 2014 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
$225,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.75% senior notes due february 15, 2044 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated august 18, 2014 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
(incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated november 6, 2014 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
$100,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.30% senior notes due march 15, 2045 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated june 12, 2015 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
$450,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.25% senior notes due march 15, 2046 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated november 5, 2015 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
(incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated march 1, 2016 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
2017 and $400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.00% senior notes due december 1, 2046
(incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated december 1, 2016 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
$200,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.00% senior notes due december 1, 2046 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated march 10, 2017 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.26       aggregate principal amount of its 3.30% senior notes due december 1, 2027 and $850,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 3.95% senior notes due december 1, 2047 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated november 29, 2017 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
333-193880), exhibit 4.1)
4.28       $350,000,000 aggregate principal amount of pg&e corporation's 2.40% senior notes due march 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 8-k dated february 27, 2014 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 4.1)
4.29       llc, mizuho securities usa llc, rbc capital markets, llc and smbc nikko securities america, inc., as representatives of the initial purchasers (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated august 6, 2018
(file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.5)
description of pg&e corporation's securities - common stock (incorporated by reference to pg&e
4.30(a)    corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 4.30(a))
description of pacific gas and electric company's securities - preferred stock (incorporated by
4.30(b)    reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit
senior secured superpriority debtor-in-possession credit, guaranty and security agreement, dated as of february 1, 2019, among pacific gas and electric company, pg&e corporation, the financial institutions from time to time
10.1       party thereto, as lenders and issuing lenders, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent, and citibank, n.a., as collateral agent (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 8-k dated february 1, 2019 (file no.
1-12609), exhibit 10.1)
second amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of april 27, 2015, among (1) pg&e corporation, as borrower, (2) bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent and a lender, (3) merrill lynch, pierce, fenner & smith incorporated, citigroup global markets inc., j.p. morgan securities llc, and wells fargo securities llc, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, (4) citibank n.a. and jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as co-syndication agents and lenders, (5) wells fargo bank, national association, as documentation agent and lender, and (6) the
10.2     following other lenders: barclays bank plc, bnp paribas, goldman sachs bank usa, morgan stanley bank, n.a., morgan stanley senior funding, inc., the bank of new york mellon, n.a., mizuho corporate bank, ltd., royal bank of canada, u.s. bank, national association, mufg union bank, n.a., td bank, n.a., canadian imperial bank of commerce, new york branch, and sumitomo mitsui banking corporation (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2015 (file no.
1-12609), exhibit 10.1)
second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of april 27, 2015, among (1) pacific gas and electric company, as borrower, (2) citibank n.a., as administrative agent and a lender, (3) merrill lynch, pierce, fenner &
smith incorporated, citigroup global markets inc., j.p. morgan securities llc, and wells fargo securities llc, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, (4) bank of america, n.a. and jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as co-syndication agents and lenders, (5) wells fargo bank, national association, as documentation agent
10.3     and lender, and (6) the following other lenders: barclays bank plc, bnp paribas, goldman sachs bank usa, morgan stanley bank, n.a., morgan stanley senior funding, inc., the bank of new york mellon, n.a., mizuho corporate bank, ltd., royal bank of canada, u.s. bank national association, mufg union bank, n.a., td bank, n.a., canadian imperial bank of commerce, new york branch, and sumitomo mitsui banking corporation (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2015 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.2)
term loan agreement, dated as of april 16, 2018, by and among pg&e corporation, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto, mizuho bank, ltd., royal bank of canada
10.4     and sumitomo mitsui banking corporation, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners and mizuho bank, ltd., as administrative agent
(incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 8-k dated april 16, 2018 (file no. 001-12609), exhibit 10.1)
term loan agreement, dated as of february 23, 2018, by and among pacific gas and electric company, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto, the bank of
10.5     tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd. and u.s. bank national association, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners and the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated february 23, 2018 (file no. 001-02348), exhibit 10.1)
10.6     mizuho securities usa llc, rbc capital markets, llc and smbc nikko securities america, inc. as representatives of the initial purchasers listed on schedules i-a and i-b thereto (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated august 6, 2018 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.1)
purchase agreement, dated as of november 27, 2017, among pacific gas and electric company and barclays capital inc., citigroup global markets inc., j.p. morgan securities llc, merrill lynch, pierce, fenner & smith
10.7     incorporated and morgan stanley & co. llc, as representatives of the initial purchasers listed on schedules i-a, i-b and i-c thereto
(file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.1)
settlement agreement among the california public utilities commission, pacific gas and electric company and pg&e
10.8     corporation, dated as of december 19, 2003, together with appendices (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's and pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated december 22, 2003 (file no.
1-12609 and file no. 1-2348), exhibit 99)
pacific gas and electric company commitment letter dated october 4, 2019 (incorporated by reference to
10.9     pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated october 11, 2019 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.1)
pg&e corporation commitment letter dated october 4, 2019 (incorporated by reference to pg&e
10.10    corporation's form 8-k dated october 11, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.2)
amendment no. 1 to pacific gas and electric company commitment letter dated november 18, 2019
10.11    (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.11)
amendment no. 1 to pg&e corporation commitment letter dated november 18, 2019 (incorporated by
10.12        reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit
amendment no. 2 to pacific gas and electric company commitment letter dated december 20, 2019
10.13        (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated december 20, 2019 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit
amendment no. 2 to pg&e corporation commitment letter dated december 20, 2019 (incorporated by
10.14        reference to pg&e corporation's form 8-k dated december 20, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.2)
amendment no. 3 to pacific gas and electric company commitment letter dated january 31, 2020
10.15        (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k datedjanuary 31, 2020(file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.3)
amendment no. 3 to pg&e corporation commitment letter dated january 31, 2020 (incorporated by
10.16        reference to pg&e corporation's form 8-k dated january 31, 2020 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.2)
amendment no. 4 to pacific gas and electric company commitment letter dated february 14, 2020
(file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.17)
amendment no. 4 to pg&e corporation commitment letter dated february 14, 2020 (incorporated by
10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.18)
10.19        amendment no. 5 to pacific gas and electric company commitment letter dated february 28, 2020
10.20        amendment no. 5 to pg&e corporation commitment letter dated february 28, 2020
form of chapter 11 plan backstop commitment letter (incorporated by reference to pg&e
2020 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.1)
restructuring support agreement dated as of september 22, 2019, by and among pg&e corporation, pacific gas and electric company, certain affiliates of american international group, inc., allstate insurance company and certain affiliates, bg group a creditors, bg group b creditors, certain affiliates of farmers insurance exchange, california insurance guarantee association, hartford accident & indemnity company and certain affiliates, certain affiliates of liberty mutual insurance company, nationwide mutual insurance company and certain
10.22  ****  affiliates, state farm mutual automobile insurance company, state farm county mutual insurance company of texas, state farm fire and casualty company, state farm general insurance company, tlfi investments, llc (in its capacity as holder of an economic interest in certain subrogation claims), the travelers indemnity company and certain of its property and casualty insurance affiliates, and certain affiliates of united services automobile association
8-k dated september 22, 2019 (file no. 1-12609, exhibit 10.1)
10.23  ****  pacific gas and electric company and the requisite consenting creditors (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit
amended and restated restructuring support agreement dated as of november 1, 2019, by and among pg&e corporation, pacific gas and electric company, certain affiliates of american international group, inc., bg group a creditors, bg group b creditors, certain affiliates of farmers insurance exchange, california insurance guarantee association, hartford accident & indemnity company and certain affiliates, certain affiliates of liberty mutual insurance company, nationwide mutual insurance company and certain affiliates,
10.24  ****  state farm mutual automobile insurance company, state farm county mutual insurance company of texas, state farm general insurance company, tlfi investments, llc (in its capacity as holder of an economic interest in certain subrogation claims), the travelers indemnity company and certain of its property and casualty insurance affiliates, and certain affiliates of united services automobile association (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 (file no.
1-12609), exhibit 10.22)
10.25  ****  pg&e corporation and pacific gas and electric company and the requisite consenting creditors
(file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.23)
10.26  ****  pg&e corporation and pacific gas and electric company and the requisite consenting creditors
(file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.24)
10.27  ****  pg&e corporation and pacific gas and electric company and the requisite consenting creditors
(file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.25)
10.28  ****  pg&e corporation and pacific gas and electric company and the requisite consenting creditors
(file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.26)
10.29  ****  pg&e corporation and pacific gas and electric company and the requisite consenting creditors
(file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.27)
10.30  ****  pg&e corporation and pacific gas and electric company and the requisite consenting creditors
(file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.28)
restructuring support agreement dated as of december 6, 2019, by and among pg&e corporation and pacific gas and electric company, the official committee of tort claimants, the attorneys and other advisors and agents for
10.31        holders of fire victim claims that are signatories to the rsa, and certain funds and accounts managed or advised by abrams capital management, lp and certain funds and accounts managed or advised by knighthead capital management, llc (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 8-k dated december 6, 2019 (file no.
1-12609), exhibit 10.1)
10.32        pacific gas and electric company, the shareholder proponents and the requisite consenting fire claimant professionals (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 8-k dated december
16, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.1)
10.33        signatories to the rsa, and certain funds and accounts managed or advised by abrams capital management, lp and certain funds and accounts managed or advised by knighthead capital management, llc (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 8-k dated january 23, 2020 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.1)
10.34        association, in its capacity as successor agent, pg&e corporation, as borrower, and the lenders signatory thereto, constituting the required lenders (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.6)
plan support agreement as to plan treatment of public entities' wildfire claims dated as of june
18, 2019, by and among pg&e corporation, pacific gas and electric company, the city of clearlake, the city of napa, the city of santa rosa, the county of lake, the lake county sanitation district, the county of mendocino,
10.35        napa county, the county of nevada, the county of sonoma, the sonoma county agricultural preservation and open space district, the sonoma county community development commission, the sonoma county water agency, the sonoma valley county sanitation district and the county of yuba
(incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 8-k dated june 18, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.1)
plan support agreement as to plan treatment of public entity's wildfire claims dated as of june
10.36        18, 2019, by and among pg&e corporation, pacific gas and electric company and the town of paradise (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 8-k dated june 18, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.2)
plan support agreement as to plan treatment of public entity's wildfire claims dated as of june 18,
10.37     2019, by and among pg&e corporation, pacific gas and electric company and the county of butte (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 8-k dated june 18, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.3)
plan support agreement as to plan treatment of public entity's wildfire claims dated as of june 18,
(incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 8-k dated june 18, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.4)
plan support agreement as to plan treatment of public entity's wildfire claims dated as of june 18,
10.39     2019, by and among pg&e corporation, pacific gas and electric company and the county of yuba (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 8-k dated june 18, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.5)
plan support agreement as to plan treatment of public entity's wildfire claims dated as of june 18,
10.40     2019, by and among pg&e corporation, pacific gas and electric company and the calaveras county water district (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 8-k dated june 18, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.6)
settlement agreement, dated april 22, 2019, by and between pg&e corporation and bluemountain capital
(incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 8-k dated april 22, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.1)
10.42     bluemountain capital management, llc (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30,
2019, exhibit 10.1)
10.43     transmission owners, including pacific gas and electric company, effective as of march 31, 1998, as amended (caiso, ferc electric tariff no. 7) (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's and pacific gas and electric company's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2004 (file no. 1-12609 and file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.8)
10.44  *  grant under the pg&e corporation 2014 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.42)
10.45  *  august 14, 2019 for 2019 grant under the pg&e corporation 2014 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.43)
performance share agreement subject to customer affordability goals between william d. johnson and pg&e
(file no. 1-12609), exhibit
10.47  *  14, 2019 for 2019 grant under the pg&e corporation 2014 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.45)
restricted stock unit agreement between william d. johnson and pg&e corporation for 2019 grant under
10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.46)
restricted stock unit agreement between andrew m. vesey and pg&e corporation for 2019 grant under the
long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.47)
1-2348), exhibit 10.7)
grant under the pg&e corporation 2014 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.49)
performance share agreement subject to customer affordability goals between andrew m. vesey and pg&e corporation
(incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.50)
10.53  *  12, 2019 for 2019 grant under the pg&e corporation 2014 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.51)
10.54  *  corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.8)
10.55  *  (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.9)
(file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.10)
30, 2016 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.2)
non-annual restricted stock unit award agreement between pg&e corporation and david s. thomason dated
(file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.1)
10.59  *  corporation dated august 8, 2016 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2016 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.2)
performance share award agreement subject to safety and customer affordability goals between david s.
10.60  *  thomason and pg&e corporation dated august 8, 2016 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2016 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.3)
non-annual restricted stock unit award agreement between pg&e corporation and janet c. loduca dated
(file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.27)
10.62  *  frozen after december 31, 2004 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2004) (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.10)
1-12609), exhibit 10.3)
description of short-term incentive plan for officers of pg&e corporation and its subsidiaries,
10.64  *  effective january 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.03)
10.65  *  january 1, 2009 (amendment to comply with internal revenue code section 409a regulations) (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2008 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.27)
10.66  *  2009 (amendment to comply with internal revenue code section 409a regulations) (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2008 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.28)
10.67  *  (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2012 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.31)
(file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.2)
10.69  *  reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2015 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.38)
(incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2016 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.4)
(incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2014 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.37)
(incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2012 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.7)
10.73  *  long-term incentive program) as amended effective as of july 1, 2004 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2004 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.27)
(incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.54)
10.75  *  reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2012 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.40)
10.76  *  performance unit plan), as amended effective as of may 16, 2001 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form
10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2001 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10)
form of restricted stock unit agreement for 2018 grants to non-employee directors under the pg&e
long-term inventive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.04)
form of restricted stock unit agreement for 2018 grants under the pg&e corporation 2014 long-term
(file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.07)
form of restricted stock unit agreement for 2017 grants to non-employee directors under the pg&e
long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2017 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.07)
form of restricted stock unit agreement for 2016 grants to non-employee directors under the pg&e
long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2016 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.1)
form of restricted stock unit agreement for 2017 grants under the pg&e corporation 2014 long-term
(incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2017 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.01)
form of restricted stock unit agreement for 2016 grants under the pg&e corporation 2014 long-term
(incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.55)
(incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.08)
10.84   *  (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 8-k dated january 6, 2005 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 99.1)
long-term incentive plan, as amended february 6, 2020 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.83)
long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.04)
long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.05)
10.88   *  the pg&e corporation 2014 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.06)
10.89   *  the pg&e corporation 2014 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2017 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.02)
long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.61)
2014 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2017 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.03)
form of performance share agreement subject to safety and customer affordability goals for 2016
10.92   *  grants under the pg&e corporation 2014 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.63)
(file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.3)
1-12609), exhibit 10.2)
10.95   *  (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2014 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.2)
10.96   *  by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2005 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.49)
10.97   *  to comply with internal revenue code section 409a regulations) (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2008 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.58)
10.98   *  (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2015 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit
10.99   *  (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2015 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit
10.100  *  policy effective february 21, 2018 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.04)
10.101   *   directors dated december 18, 1996 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2004 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.40)
10.102   *   of officers and directors dated july 19, 1995 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2004 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.41)
17, 2020 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.1)
21           year ended december 31, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 21)
pg&e corporation consent of independent registered public accounting firm (deloitte & touche llp)
(file no. 1-12609), exhibit 23.1)
10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 (file nos. 1-12609 and 1-2348), exhibit 24)
32.1     **  required by section 906 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 32.1)
1-2348), exhibit 32.2)
101.ins      xbrl instance document - the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its xbrl tags are embedded within the inline xbrl document.
101.def      xbrl taxonomy extension definition linkbase document
104          cover page interactive data file (formatted as inline xbrl and contained in exhibit 101)
**      pursuant to item 601(b)(32) of sec regulation s-k, these exhibits are furnished rather than filed with this report.
this form of chapter 11 plan backstop commitment letter is substantially similar in all material respects to each chapter 11 plan backstop commitment letter that is otherwise required to be filed as an exhibit, except as to the backstop party and the amount of such backstop party's backstop commitment amount (as defined in the chapter 11 plan backstop commitment letter). in accordance with instruction no. 2 to item 601 of
***     regulation s-k, the registrant has filed the form of such chapter 11 plan backstop commitment letter, with a schedule identifying the chapter 11 plan backstop commitment letters omitted and setting forth the material details in which each chapter 11 plan backstop commitment letter differs from the form that was filed. the registrant acknowledges that the securities and exchange commission may at any time in its discretion require filing of copies of any chapter 11 plan backstop commitment letter so omitted.
in accordance with item 601(a)(5) of regulation s-k, certain schedules or similar attachments to this exhibit have been omitted from this filing. such omitted schedules or similar
****    attachments include information about the subrogation claims held by each consenting subrogation creditor. the registrant agrees to furnish a supplemental copy of any omitted schedule or similar attachment to the securities and exchange commission upon request.
74 signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
name:             janet c. loduca title:            senior vice president and general counsel pacific gas and dated: march 31, 2020  by:  electric company  /s/ brian m. wong
name:             brian m. wong title:            vice president, deputy general counsel and corporate secretary