item 1a. risk factors the following factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements made in this annual report on form 10 k and presented elsewhere by our management from time to time. these factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, funds from operations, or ffo, and prospects, which we refer to herein as a material adverse effect on us or as materially and adversely affecting us, and you should carefully consider them. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or which are currently not believed to be material may also affect our actual results. we may update these factors in our future periodic reports.
risks relating to retail operations conditions that adversely affect the general retail environment could materially and adversely affect us.
our concentration in the retail real estate market - our primary source of revenue is retail tenants - means that we could be materially and adversely affected by conditions that materially and adversely affect the retail environment generally, including, without limitation:
●   levels of consumer spending, changes in consumer confidence, income levels, and fluctuations in seasonal spending in the united states and internationally;
●   the creditworthiness of our retail tenants and the availability of new creditworthy tenants and the related impact on our occupancy levels and lease income;
●   local real estate conditions, such as an oversupply of, or reduction in demand for, retail space or retail goods, decreases in rental rates and declines in real estate values;
●   actual or perceived changes in national and international economic conditions, which can result from global events such as international trade disputes, a foreign debt crisis, foreign currency volatility, natural disasters, war, epidemics and pandemics, the fear of spread of contagious diseases, civil unrest and terrorism, as well as from domestic issues, such as government policies and regulations, tariffs, energy prices, market dynamics, rising interest rates, inflation and limited growth in consumer income;
●   changes in regional and local economies, which may be affected by increased rates of unemployment, increased foreclosures, higher taxes, decreased tourism, industry slowdowns, adverse weather conditions, and other factors;
●   increased operating costs and capital expenditures, whether from redevelopments, replacing tenants or otherwise; and
additionally, a portion of our lease income is derived from overage rents based on sales over a stated base amount that directly depend on the sales volume of our retail tenants. accordingly, declines in our tenants' sales performance could reduce the income produced by our properties.
our properties are typically anchored by department stores and other large nationally recognized tenants. certain of our anchors and other tenants have ceased their operations, downsized their brick-and-mortar presence or failed to comply with their contractual obligations to us and others.
for example, among department stores and other national retailers - often referred to as "big box" stores - corporate merger or consolidation activity typically results in the closure of duplicate or geographically overlapping store
locations. further, sustained adverse pressure on the results of our department stores and other national retailers may have a similarly sustained adverse impact upon our own results. certain department stores and other national retailers have experienced, and may continue to experience for the foreseeable future (given uncertainty with respect to current and future macroeconomic conditions and consumer confidence levels), considerable decreases in customer traffic in their retail stores, increased competition from alternative retail options such as those accessible via the internet and other forms of pressure on their business models. as pressure on these department stores and other national retailers increases, their ability to maintain their stores, meet their obligations both to us and to their external lenders and suppliers, withstand takeover attempts or avoid bankruptcy and/or liquidation may be impaired and result in closures of their stores or their seeking of a lease modification with us. any lease modification could be unfavorable to us as the lessor and could decrease current or future effective rents or expense recovery charges. other tenants may be entitled to modify the economic or other terms of, or terminate, their existing leases with us in the event of such closures.
if a department store or large nationally recognized tenant were to close its stores at our properties, we may experience difficulty and delay and incur significant expense in re-tenanting the space, as well as in leasing spaces in areas adjacent to the vacant store, at attractive rates, or at all. additionally, department store or tenant closures may result in decreased customer traffic, which could lead to decreased sales at our properties. if the sales of stores operating in our properties were to decline significantly due to the closing of anchor stores or other national retailers, adverse economic conditions or other reasons, tenants may be unable to pay their minimum rents or expense recovery charges. in the event of any default by a tenant, we may not be able to fully recover, and/or may experience delays and costs in enforcing our rights as landlord to recover, amounts due to us under the terms of our leases with such parties.
bankruptcy filings by retailers can occur regularly in the course of our operations, and in recent years, a number of companies in the retail industry, including certain of our tenants, have declared bankruptcy. if a tenant files for bankruptcy, the tenant may have the right to reject and terminate one or more of its leases with us, and we cannot be sure that it will affirm one or more of its leases and continue to make rental payments to us in a timely manner. a bankruptcy filing by, or relating to, one of our tenants would generally prohibit us from evicting this tenant, and bar all efforts by us to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from that tenant, or from their property, unless we receive an order permitting us to do so from the bankruptcy court. in addition, we cannot evict a tenant solely because of its bankruptcy. if a lease is assumed by the tenant in bankruptcy, all pre-bankruptcy balances due under the lease must be paid to us in full. if a lease is rejected, the unsecured claim we hold against a bankrupt tenant might be paid only to the extent that funds are available and only in the same percentage as is paid to all other holders of unsecured claims, and there are restrictions under bankruptcy laws that limit the amount of the claim we can make if a lease is rejected. as a result, it is likely that we would recover substantially less than the full value of any unsecured claims we hold. in addition, we may make lease modifications either pre- or post-bankruptcy for certain tenants undergoing significant financial distress in order for them to continue as a going concern. furthermore, we may be required to incur significant expense in re-tenanting the space formerly leased to the bankrupt tenant. we continually seek to re-lease vacant spaces resulting from tenant terminations. the bankruptcy of a tenant, particularly an anchor tenant or a national tenant with multiple locations, may require a substantial redevelopment of its space, the success of which cannot be assured, and may make the re-tenanting of its space difficult and costly. any such bankruptcies also make it more difficult to lease the remainder of the space at the affected property or properties. future tenant bankruptcies may strain our resources and impact our ability to successfully execute our re-leasing strategy and could materially and adversely affect us.
we face a wide range of competition that could affect our ability to operate profitably.
our properties compete with other forms of retailing such as e-commerce websites as well as other retail properties. the increased popularity of digital and mobile technologies has accelerated the transition of a percentage of market share from shopping at physical stores to web-based shopping. we could be materially and adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in adapting our business to evolving consumer purchasing habits. competition may also come from a variety of other retail formats, such as malls, outlet centers, community/lifestyle centers, and other shopping centers, both existing and future development and redevelopment/expansion projects, as well as e-commerce. the presence of competitive alternatives affects our ability to lease space and puts downward pressure on the rents we can charge our tenants. new construction, redevelopments and expansions at competing sites could also negatively affect our properties.
we also compete with other major real estate investors and developers for attractive investment opportunities and prime development sites. competition for the acquisition of existing properties and development sites may result in
increased purchase prices and may adversely affect our ability to make attractive investments on favorable terms, or at all. in addition, we compete with other retail property companies for tenants and qualified management.
certain of our properties have had vacant space available for prospective tenants, and those properties may continue to experience, and other properties may commence experiencing, such oversupply in the future. among other causes, (1) there has been an increased number of bankruptcies of anchor stores and other national retailers, as well as store closures, and (2) there has been lower demand from retail tenants for space, due to certain retailers increasing their use of e-commerce websites to distribute their merchandise. as a result of the increased bargaining power of creditworthy retail tenants, there is downward pressure on our rental rates and occupancy levels, and this increased bargaining power may also result in us having to increase our spend on tenant improvements and potentially make other lease modifications in order to attract or retain tenants, any of which, in the aggregate, could materially and adversely affect us.
we may not be able to lease new properties to an appropriate mix of tenants that generates optimal customer traffic. also, when leases for our existing properties expire, the premises may not be relet or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants may be less favorable than the current lease terms. if we elect to pursue a "mixed use" redevelopment we expose ourselves to risks associated with each non-retail use (e.g. office, residential, hotel and entertainment), and the performance of our retail tenants in such properties may be negatively impacted by delays in opening and/or the performance of such non-retail uses. to the extent that our leasing goals are not achieved, we could be materially and adversely affected.
risks relating to real estate investments and operations our international activities may subject us to risks that are different from or greater than those associated with our domestic operations.
as of december 31, 2019, we held interests in consolidated and joint venture properties that operate in austria, canada, france, italy, germany, japan, malaysia, mexico, the netherlands, south korea, and the united kingdom. we also have an equity stake in klépierre, a publicly traded european real estate company, which operates in 15 countries in europe. accordingly, our operating results and the value of our international operations may be impacted by any unhedged movements in the foreign currencies in which those operations transact and in which our net investment in those international operations is held. while we occasionally enter into hedging agreements to manage our exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates, these agreements may not eliminate foreign currency risk entirely.
we may pursue additional investment, ownership, development and redevelopment/expansion opportunities outside the united states. such international activities carry risks that are different from those we face with our domestic properties and operations. these risks include, but are not limited to:
●   changes in foreign political and economic environments, regionally, nationally, and locally;
●   challenges of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws, including corporate governance, operations, taxes and litigation;
●   changes in applicable laws and regulations in the united states that affect international operations;
●   labor discord, political or civil unrest, acts of terrorism, epidemics and pandemics, the fear of spread of contagious diseases, or the threat of international boycotts.
our international activities represented approximately 8.1% of consolidated net income and 9.3% of our net operating income, or noi, for the year ended december 31, 2019. to the extent that we expand our international activities, the above risks could increase in significance, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on us.
we face risks associated with the acquisition, development, redevelopment and expansion of properties.
we regularly acquire and develop new properties and redevelop and expand existing properties, and these activities are subject to various risks. we may not be successful in pursuing acquisition, development or redevelopment/expansion opportunities. in addition, newly acquired, developed or redeveloped/expanded properties may not perform as well as expected, impacting our anticipated return on investment. we are subject to other risks in connection with any acquisition, development and redevelopment/expansion activities, including the following:
●   acquisition or construction costs of a project may be higher than projected, potentially making the project unfeasible or unprofitable;
●   we may need the consent of third parties such as department stores, anchor tenants, mortgage lenders and joint venture partners, and those consents may be withheld.
if a development or redevelopment/expansion project is unsuccessful, either because it is not meeting our expectations when operational or was not completed according to the project planning, we could lose our investment in the project. further, if we guarantee the property's financing, our loss could exceed our investment in the project.
our properties represent a substantial portion of our total consolidated assets. these investments are relatively illiquid. as a result, our ability to sell one or more of our properties or investments in real estate in response to any changes in economic, industry, or other conditions may be limited. the real estate market is affected by many factors, such as general economic conditions, availability and terms of financing, interest rates and other factors, including supply and demand for space, that are beyond our control. if we want to sell a property, we cannot assure you that we will be able to dispose of it in the desired time period, or at all, or that the sales price of a property will be attractive at the relevant time or exceed the carrying value of our investment. moreover, if a property is mortgaged, we may not be able to obtain a release of the lien on that property without the payment of the associated debt and/or a substantial prepayment penalty, which could restrict our ability to dispose of the property, even though the sale might otherwise be desirable.
as of december 31, 2019, our consolidated mortgages and unsecured indebtedness, excluding related premium, discount and debt issuance costs, totaled $24.2 billion. as a result of this indebtedness, we are required to use a substantial portion of our cash flows for debt service, including selected repayment at scheduled maturities, which limits our ability to use those cash flows to fund the growth of our business. we are also subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flows from operations will be insufficient to meet required debt service or that we will be able to refinance such indebtedness on acceptable terms, or at all. our debt service costs generally will not be reduced if developments at the applicable property, such as the entry of new competitors or the loss of major tenants,
cause a reduction in the income from the property. our indebtedness could also have other adverse consequences on us, including reducing our access to capital or increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic, industry and market conditions. in addition, if a property is mortgaged to secure payment of indebtedness and income from such property is insufficient to pay that indebtedness, the property could be foreclosed upon by the mortgagee resulting in a loss of income and a decline in our total asset value. if any of the foregoing occurs, we could be materially and adversely affected.
the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain various covenants that impose restrictions on us that might affect our ability to operate freely.
we have a variety of unsecured debt, including the credit facilities, senior unsecured notes and commercial paper, and secured property level debt. certain of the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain covenants, including, among other things, limitations on our ability to incur secured and unsecured indebtedness, sell all or substantially all of our assets and engage in mergers and certain acquisitions. in addition, certain of the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain financial covenants that require us to maintain certain financial ratios, including certain coverage ratios. these covenants may restrict our ability to pursue certain business initiatives or certain transactions that might otherwise be advantageous to us. in addition, our ability to comply with these provisions might be affected by events beyond our control. failure to comply with any of our financing covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate the related indebtedness as well as other of our indebtedness, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
disruption in the capital and credit markets may adversely affect our ability to access external financings for our growth and ongoing debt service requirements.
we depend on external financings, principally debt financings, to fund the growth of our business and to ensure that we can meet ongoing maturities of our outstanding debt. our access to financing depends on our credit ratings, the willingness of lending institutions and other debt investors to grant credit to us and conditions in the capital markets in general. an economic recession may cause extreme volatility and disruption in the capital and credit markets. we rely upon the credit facilities as sources of funding for numerous transactions. our access to these funds is dependent upon the ability of each of the participants to the credit facilities to meet their funding commitments to us. when markets are volatile, access to capital and credit markets could be disrupted over an extended period of time and one or more financial institutions may not have the available capital to meet their previous commitments to us. the failure of one or more participants to the credit facilities to meet their funding commitments to us could have a material adverse effect on us, including as a result of making it difficult to obtain the financing we may need for future growth and/or meeting our debt service requirements. we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the financing we need for the future growth of our business or to meet our debt service requirements, or that a sufficient amount of financing will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all.
adverse changes in our credit ratings could affect our borrowing capacity and borrowing terms.
the operating partnership's outstanding senior unsecured notes, the credit facilities, the commercial paper program, and simon's preferred stock are periodically rated by nationally recognized credit rating agencies. the credit ratings are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, financial condition and prospects, and other factors viewed by the credit rating agencies as relevant to us and our industry and the economic outlook in general. our credit ratings can affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms of any financing we obtain. since we depend primarily on debt financing to fund the growth of our business, an adverse change in our credit ratings, including actual changes and changes in outlook, or even the initiation of a review of our credit ratings that could result in an adverse change, could have a material adverse effect on us.
an increase in interest rates would increase our interest costs on variable rate debt and could adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt on attractive terms, or at all; our hedging interest rate protection arrangements may not effectively limit our interest rate risk.
as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately $865.1 million of outstanding consolidated indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates, and we may incur more variable rate indebtedness in the future. if interest rates increase, then so would the interest costs on our unhedged variable rate debt, which could adversely affect our cash flows and our ability to pay principal and interest on our debt and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. further, rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures or significantly increase our future interest expense.
we selectively manage our exposure to interest rate risk by a combination of interest rate protection agreements to effectively fix or cap all or a portion of our variable rate debt. in addition, we refinance fixed rate debt at times when we believe rates and other terms are appropriate. our efforts to manage these exposures may not be successful.
our use of interest rate hedging arrangements to manage risk associated with interest rate volatility may expose us to additional risks, including a risk that a counterparty to a hedging arrangement may fail to honor its obligations or that we could be required to fund our contractual payment obligations under such arrangements in relatively large amounts or on short notice. developing an effective interest rate risk strategy is complex and no strategy can completely insulate us from risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. there can be no assurance that our hedging activities will have the desired beneficial impact on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. termination of these hedging agreements typically involves costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs.
as of december 31, 2019, approximately 2.4% or $573 million of our debt outstanding was indexed to libor. in july 2017, the u.k. financial conduct authority (the "fca"), which regulates libor, announced its intention to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. accordingly, there is considerable uncertainty regarding the publication of libor beyond 2021. the federal reserve board convened the alternative reference rates committee ("arrc") to identify a set of alternative reference rates for possible use as market benchmarks. based on the arrc's recommendation, the federal reserve bank of new york began publishing the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") and two other alternative rates beginning in april 2018. since then, certain derivative products and debt securities tied to sofr have been introduced, and a number of industry groups are developing transition plans to sofr as the new market benchmark.
we are not able to predict whether libor will actually cease to be available after 2021 or whether sofr will become the market benchmark in its place. any changes announced or adopted by the fca or other authorities or institutions in the methods used for determining libor or the transition from libor to a successor benchmark may result in, among other things, a sudden or prolonged increase in libor, a delay in the publication of libor, higher interest obligations arising from such successor benchmark and changes in the rules or methodologies for determining libor in the overall debt capital markets, which may discourage market participants from continuing to administer or to participate in variable rate debt tied to libor or such successor benchmark. if libor as determined in accordance with the terms of our particular debt is no longer available, whether before or after 2021, the interest rates on such debt would be determined using various alternative methods, any of which may result in interest obligations which are more than or do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that would have been made on such debt if libor was available in its current form. as a result, there can be no assurance that any of the aforementioned developments or changes will not result in financial market disruptions, significant increases in benchmark interest rates, substantially higher financing costs or a shortage of available debt financing, any of which could have an adverse effect on us, which currently would be limited by our relatively low exposure to variable rate libor-based debt.
risks relating to income taxes simon and certain subsidiaries of the operating partnership have elected to be taxed as reits in the united states. the failure to maintain simon's or the subsidiary reits' qualifications as reits or changes in applicable tax laws or regulations could result in adverse tax consequences.
in the united states, simon and certain subsidiaries of the operating partnership have elected to be taxed as reits under sections 856 through 860 of the internal revenue code. we believe that simon and these subsidiaries, or the subsidiary reits, have been organized and have operated in a manner which allows them to qualify for taxation as reits under the internal revenue code. we intend to continue to operate in this manner. however, qualification and taxation as reits depend upon the ability of simon and the subsidiary reits to satisfy several requirements (some of which are outside our control), including tests related to our annual operating results, asset diversification, distribution levels and diversity of stock ownership. the various reit qualification tests required by the internal revenue code are highly technical and complex. accordingly, there can be no assurance that simon or any of the subsidiary reits has operated in accordance with these requirements or will continue to operate in a manner so as to qualify or remain qualified as a reit.
if simon or any of the subsidiary reits fail to comply with those provisions, simon or any such subsidiary reit may be subject to monetary penalties or ultimately to possible disqualification as reits. if such events occur, and if available relief provisions do not apply:
●   simon or any such subsidiary reit could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax for taxable years prior to 2018; and
●   unless entitled to relief under relevant statutory provisions, simon or any such subsidiary will also be disqualified from treatment as a reit for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost.
any such corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for, among other things, our operations and distributions to stockholders. in addition, if simon fails to qualify as a reit, it will not be required to make distributions to our stockholders. moreover, a failure by any subsidiary of the operating partnership that has elected to be taxed as a reit to qualify as a reit would also cause simon to fail to qualify as a reit, and the same adverse consequences would apply to it and its stockholders. failure by simon or any of the subsidiary reits to qualify as a reit also could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, which could materially and adversely affect us.
additionally, we are subject to certain income-based taxes, both domestically and internationally, and other taxes, including state and local taxes, franchise taxes, and withholding taxes on dividends from certain of our international investments. we currently follow local tax laws and regulations in various domestic and international jurisdictions. should these laws or regulations change, the amount of taxes we pay may increase accordingly.
if the operating partnership fails to qualify as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, we would cease to qualify as a reit and suffer other adverse consequences.
we believe that the operating partnership is treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. as a partnership, the operating partnership is not subject to federal income tax on its income. instead, each of its partners, including us, is allocated, and may be required to pay tax with respect to, such partner's share of its income. we cannot assure you that the internal revenue service, or the irs, will not challenge the status of the operating partnership or any other subsidiary partnership or limited liability company in which we own an interest as a disregarded entity or partnership for federal income tax purposes, or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. if the irs were successful in treating the operating partnership or any such other subsidiary as an entity taxable as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, we would fail to meet the gross income tests and certain of the asset tests applicable to reits and, accordingly, we would likely cease to qualify as a reit. also, the failure of the operating partnership or any subsidiary partnerships or limited liability company to qualify as a disregarded entity or partnership for applicable income tax purposes could cause it to become subject to federal and state corporate income tax, which would reduce significantly the amount of cash available for debt service and for distribution to its partners or members, including us.
our ownership of trss is subject to certain restrictions, and we will be required to pay a 100% penalty tax on certain income or deductions if our transactions with our trss are not conducted on arm's-length terms.
we own securities in taxable reit subsidiaries, or trss, and may acquire securities in additional trss in the future. a trs is a corporation other than a reit in which a reit directly or indirectly holds stock, and that has made a joint election with such reit to be treated as a taxable reit subsidiary. if a trs owns more than 35% of the total voting power or value of the outstanding securities of another corporation, such other corporation will also be treated as a trs. other than some activities relating to lodging and health care facilities, a trs may generally engage in any business, including the provision of customary or non-customary services to tenants of its parent reit. a trs is subject to federal income tax as a regular c corporation. in addition, a 100% excise tax will be imposed on certain transactions between a trs and its parent reit that are not conducted on an arm's length basis.
a reit's ownership of securities of a trs is not subject to the 5% or 10% asset tests applicable to reits. not more than 25% of the value of simon's or any subsidiary reit's total assets may be represented by securities (including securities of trss), other than those securities includable in the 75% asset test, and not more than 20% of the value of our total assets or the assets of any subsidiary reit may be represented by securities of trss. we anticipate that the aggregate value of the stock and securities of any trs and other nonqualifying assets that simon or each such subsidiary reit owns will be less than 25% (or 20%, as applicable) of the value of simon's or such subsidiary's total assets, and we will monitor the value of these investments to ensure compliance with applicable ownership limitations. in addition, we intend to structure transactions with any trss that we own to ensure that they are entered into on arm's length terms to avoid incurring the 100% excise tax described above. there can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to comply with the above limitations or to avoid application of the 100% excise tax discussed above.
dividends payable by reits generally do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends, which may negatively affect the value of our shares.
income from "qualified dividends" payable to u.s. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates are generally subject to tax at preferential rates, currently at a maximum federal rate of 20%. dividends payable by reits, however, generally are not eligible for the preferential tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income. under the tax cuts and jobs act, or the tcja, however, u.s. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates generally may deduct up to 20% of the ordinary dividends (e.g., dividends not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income) received from a reit for taxable years beginning after december 31, 2017 and before january 1, 2026. although this deduction reduces the effective tax rate applicable to certain dividends paid by reits (generally to 29.6% assuming the shareholder is subject to the 37% maximum rate), such tax rate is still higher than the tax rate applicable to corporate dividends that constitute qualified dividend income. accordingly, investors who are individuals, trusts and estates may perceive investments in reits to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-reit corporations that pay dividends, which could materially and adversely affect the value of the shares of reits, including the per share trading price of our common stock.
the tax imposed on reits engaging in "prohibited transactions" may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
a reit's net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100% penalty tax. in general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. although we do not intend to hold any properties that would be characterized as held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business, unless a sale or disposition qualifies under certain statutory safe harbors, such characterization is a factual determination and no guarantee can be given that the irs, would agree with our characterization of our properties or that we will always be able to make use of the available safe harbors.
reit distribution requirements could adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to execute our business plan.
in order for simon and the subsidiary reits to qualify to be taxed as reits, and assuming that certain other requirements are also satisfied, simon and each such subsidiary reit generally must distribute at least 90% of their respective reit taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gains, to their respective equity holders each year. to this point, simon and each such subsidiary reit have historically distributed at least 100% of its taxable income and thereby avoided income tax altogether. to the extent that simon or any such subsidiary reit satisfies this distribution requirement and qualifies for taxation as a reit, but distributes less than 100% of its reit taxable income, simon or such subsidiary will be subject to u.s. federal corporate income tax on its undistributed net taxable income and could be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that is distributed to equity holders in a calendar year is less than the minimum required distribution amount. we intend to make distributions to the equity holders of simon and the subsidiary reits to comply with the reit requirements of the internal revenue code.
from time to time, simon and the subsidiary reits might generate taxable income greater than their respective cash flow as a result of differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash or the effect of nondeductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves, or required debt or amortization payments. if simon or the subsidiary reits do not have other funds available in these situations, simon or such subsidiaries could be required to access capital on unfavorable terms (the receipt of which cannot be assured), sell assets at disadvantageous prices, distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt, or make taxable distributions of capital stock or debt securities to make distributions sufficient to enable them to pay out enough of their respective reit taxable income to satisfy the reit distribution requirement and avoid corporate income tax and the 4% excise tax in a particular year. these alternatives could increase costs or reduce our equity. further, amounts distributed will not be available to fund the growth of our business. thus, compliance with the reit requirements may adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to execute our business plan.
complying with reit requirements might cause us to forgo otherwise attractive acquisition opportunities or liquidate otherwise attractive investments.
to qualify to be taxed as reits for u.s. federal income tax purposes, simon and the subsidiary reits must ensure that, at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75% of the value of their respective assets consist of cash, cash items, government securities and "real estate assets" (as defined in the internal revenue code), including certain mortgage loans and securities. the remainder of their respective investments (other than government securities, qualified real estate assets and securities issued by a trs) generally cannot include more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of any one
issuer or more than 10% of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer.
additionally, in general, no more than 5% of the value of simon's and the subsidiary reits' total assets (other than government securities, qualified real estate assets and securities issued by a trs) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more than 20% of the value of their respective total assets can be represented by securities of one or more trss. if simon or any of the subsidiary reits fails to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, simon or any such subsidiary reit must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing its reit qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. as a result, we might be required to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investments. these actions could have the effect of reducing our income and amounts available for distribution to equity holders. moreover, if simon or the subsidiary reits are compelled to liquidate their investments to meet any of the asset, income or distribution tests, or to repay obligations to lenders, simon or such subsidiaries may be unable to comply with one or more of the requirements applicable to reits or may be subject to a 100% tax on any resulting gain if such sales constitute prohibited transactions.
in addition to the asset tests set forth above, to qualify to be taxed as reits, simon and the subsidiary reits must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of their respective income, the amounts they distribute to equity holders and the ownership of their respective shares. we might be unable to pursue investments that would be otherwise advantageous to us in order to satisfy the source-of-income or asset-diversification requirements for qualifying as reits. thus, compliance with the reit requirements may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments.
partnership tax audit rules could have a material adverse effect on us.
the bipartisan budget act of 2015 changed the rules applicable to u.s. federal income tax audits of partnerships. under the rules, among other changes and subject to certain exceptions, any audit adjustment to items of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit of a partnership (and any partner's distributive share thereof) is determined, and taxes, interest, or penalties attributable thereto could be assessed and collected, at the partnership level. absent available elections, it is possible that a partnership in which we directly or indirectly invest, could be required to pay additional taxes, interest and penalties as a result of an audit adjustment, and we, as a direct or indirect partner of these partnerships, could be required to bear the economic burden of those taxes, interest, and penalties even though simon and the subsidiary reits, as reits, may not otherwise have been required to pay additional corporate-level taxes had they owned the assets of the partnership directly. the partnership tax audit rules apply to the operating partnership and its subsidiaries that are classified as partnerships for u.s. federal income tax purposes. the changes created by these rules are sweeping and, accordingly, there can be no assurance that these rules will not have a material adverse effect on us.
legislative, administrative, regulatory or other actions affecting reits, including positions taken by the irs, could have a material adverse effect on us and our investors.
the rules dealing with u.s. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, and by the irs and the u.s. department of the treasury, or the treasury. changes to the tax laws or interpretations thereof by the irs and the treasury, with or without retroactive application, could materially and adversely affect us and our investors. new legislation (including the tcja, and any technical corrections legislation), treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect the ability of simon and certain subsidiaries of the operating partnership to qualify to be taxed as reits and/or the u.s. federal income tax consequences to us and our investors of such qualification.
the tcja has significantly changed the u.s. federal income taxation of u.s. businesses and their owners, including reits and their stockholders. a change made by the tcja that could affect us and our stockholders is that it generally limits the deduction for net business interest expense in excess of 30% of a business's adjusted taxable income except for taxpayers that engage in certain real estate businesses and elect out of this rule (provided that such electing taxpayers must use an alternative depreciation system for certain property).
risks relating to joint ventures we have limited control with respect to some properties that are partially owned or managed by third parties, which may adversely affect our ability to sell or refinance them.
as of december 31, 2019, we owned interests in 100 income-producing properties with other parties. of those, 18 properties are included in our consolidated financial statements. we account for the other 82 properties, or the joint venture properties, as well as our investments in klépierre (a publicly traded, paris-based real estate company), aéropostale, authentic brands group, llc, or abg, hbs global properties, or hbs, and rue gilt groupe, or rgg, using the equity
method of accounting. we serve as general partner or property manager for 57 of these 82 joint venture properties; however, certain major decisions, such as approving the operating budget and selling, refinancing, and redeveloping the properties, require the consent of the other owners. of the joint venture properties for which we do not serve as general partner or property manager, 21 are in our international joint ventures. these international properties are managed locally by joint ventures in which we share control of the properties with our partner. the other owners have participating rights that we consider substantive for purposes of determining control over the joint venture properties' assets. the remaining joint venture properties, klépierre, and our joint ventures with aéropostale, abg, hbs, and rgg, are managed by third parties.
these investments, and other future similar investments, could involve risks that would not be present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that partners or other owners might become bankrupt, suffer a deterioration in their creditworthiness, or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. if one of our partners or other owners in these investments were to become bankrupt, we may be precluded from taking certain actions regarding our investments without prior court approval, which at a minimum may delay the actions we would or might want to take. additionally, partners or other owners could have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our own business interests or goals, and could be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives.
these investments, and other future similar investments, also have the potential risk of creating impasses on decisions, such as a sale, financing or development, because neither we nor our partner or other owner has full control over the partnership or joint venture. disputes between us and partners or other owners might result in litigation or arbitration that could increase our expenses and prevent simon's officers and/or directors from focusing their time and efforts on our business. consequently, actions by, or disputes with, partners or other owners might result in subjecting properties owned by the partnership or joint venture to additional risk. in addition, we risk the possibility of being liable for the actions of our partners or other owners.
joint venture debt is the liability of the joint venture and is typically secured by a mortgage on the joint venture property, which is non-recourse to us. nevertheless, the joint venture's failure to satisfy its debt obligations could result in the loss of our investment therein. as of december 31, 2019, the operating partnership guaranteed joint venture-related mortgage indebtedness of $214.8 million (of which we have a right of recovery from our joint venture partners of $10.8 million). a default by a joint venture under its debt obligations would expose us to liability under a guaranty. we may elect to fund cash needs of a joint venture through equity contributions (generally on a basis proportionate to our ownership interests), advances or partner loans, although such fundings are not typically required contractually or otherwise.
risks relating to environmental matters as owners of real estate, we can face liabilities for environmental contamination.
u.s. federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment may require us, as a current or previous owner or operator of real property, to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at a property or at impacted neighboring properties. these laws often impose liability regardless of whether the property owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of hazardous or toxic substances, and under certain circumstances, this liability can be joint and several such that one party is held responsible for the entire obligation. these laws and regulations also may require the abatement or removal of asbestos containing materials and other hazardous building materials in the event of damage, demolition or renovation, reconstruction or expansion of a property and also govern emissions of and exposure to asbestos fibers in the air. those laws and regulations also govern the installation, maintenance and removal of underground storage tanks used to store waste oils or other petroleum products. many of our properties contain, or at one time contained, asbestos containing materials or underground storage tanks (primarily related to auto service center establishments or emergency electrical generation equipment). we may be subject to regulatory action in connection with any such laws and regulations and may also be held liable to third parties for personal injury or property damage incurred by the parties in connection with any such hazardous or toxic substances. the costs of investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances, and related liabilities, may be substantial and could materially and adversely affect us. the presence of hazardous or toxic substances, or the failure to remediate the related contamination, may also adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or redevelop a property or to borrow money using a property as collateral.
our efforts to identify environmental liabilities may not be successful.
although we believe that our portfolio is in substantial compliance with u.s. federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations regarding hazardous or toxic substances, this belief is based on limited testing. nearly all of our properties have been subjected to phase i or similar environmental audits. these environmental audits have not revealed, nor are we aware of, any environmental liability that we believe is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. however, we cannot assure you that:
●   previous environmental studies with respect to the portfolio reveal all potential environmental liabilities;
●   any previous owner, occupant or tenant of a property did not create any material environmental condition not known to us;
●   the current environmental condition of the portfolio will not be affected by tenants and occupants, by the condition of nearby properties, or by other unrelated third parties; or
●   future uses or conditions (including, without limitation, changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations or the interpretation thereof) will not result in environmental liabilities.
we face risks associated with climate change.
to the extent climate change causes changes in weather patterns, our properties in certain markets could experience increases in storm intensity and rising sea levels. over time, these conditions could result in volatile or decreased demand for retail space at certain of our properties or, in extreme cases, our inability to operate the properties at all. climate change may also have indirect effects on our business by increasing the cost of (or making unavailable) insurance on favorable terms, or at all, increasing the cost of energy at our properties or requiring us to spend funds to repair and protect our properties against such risks. moreover, compliance with new laws or regulations related to climate change, including compliance with "green" building codes, may require us to make improvements to our existing properties or increase taxes and fees assessed on us or our properties.
we maintain insurance coverage with third-party carriers who provide a portion of the coverage for specific layers of potential losses, including commercial general liability, fire, flood, extended coverage and rental loss insurance on all of our properties in the united states. the initial portion of coverage not provided by third-party carriers is either insured through our wholly-owned captive insurance company or other financial arrangements controlled by us. a third party carrier has, in turn, agreed to provide, if required, evidence of coverage for this layer of losses under the terms and conditions of the carrier's policy. a similar policy either written through our captive insurance company or other financial arrangements controlled by us also provides initial coverage for property insurance and certain windstorm risks at the properties located in coastal windstorm locations.
there are some types of losses, including lease and other contract claims, which generally are not insured or are subject to large deductibles. if an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occurs, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue it could generate but may remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligation related to the property.
we currently maintain insurance coverage against acts of terrorism on all of our properties in the united states on an "all risk" basis in the amount of up to $1 billion. despite the existence of this insurance coverage, any threatened or actual terrorist attacks where we operate could materially and adversely affect us.
we face risks associated with security breaches through cyber‐attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology (it) networks and related systems.
our it networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations and, in some cases, may be critical to the operations of certain of our tenants. we face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions over the internet, malware, computer viruses, hardware or software corruption or failure or poor product or vendor/developer selection (including a failure of security controls incorporated into or applied to such hardware or software), service provider error or failure, intentional or unintentional actions by employees (including the failure to follow our security protocols) and other significant disruptions of our it networks and related systems. although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of it networks and related systems, and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. even the most well protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk.
the risk of a security breach or significant disruption has generally increased due to our increased reliance on technology and due to a rise in the number, intensity, and sophistication of attempted attacks globally. a breach or significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our systems, including our primary website, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers, tenants and revenues, generate third party claims, cause operational disruption, result in the unintended and/or unauthorized public disclosure or the misappropriation of proprietary, personal identifying and confidential information, and require us to incur significant expenses to address and remediate or otherwise resolve these kinds of issues. we may not be able to recover these expenses in whole or in any part from our service providers or responsible parties, or their or our insurers. additionally, cyber-attacks perpetrated against our tenants, including unauthorized access to customers' credit card data and other confidential information, could diminish consumer confidence and spending and materially and adversely affect us.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain talented employees, and the loss of any one of our key personnel could adversely impact our business.
the success of our business depends, in part, on the leadership and performance of our executive management team and key employees, and our ability to attract, retain and motivate talented employees could significantly impact our future performance. competition for these individuals is intense, and we cannot assure you that we will retain our executive management team and other key employees or that we will be able to attract and retain other highly qualified individuals for these positions in the future. losing any one or more of these persons could have a material adverse effect on us.
simon's charter contains a general restriction on the accumulation of shares in excess of 8% of its capital stock. the charter permits the members of the simon family and related persons to own up to 18% of simon's capital stock. ownership is determined by the lower of the number of outstanding shares, voting power or value controlled. simon's board of directors may, by majority vote, permit exceptions to those levels in circumstances where simon's board of directors determines that simon's ability to qualify as a reit will not be jeopardized. these restrictions on ownership may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise be in the best interest of simon's stockholders or the operating partnership's unitholders or preferred unitholders. other provisions of simon's charter and by-laws could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control even if some of simon's stockholders or the operating partnership's unitholders or preferred unitholders deem such a change to be in their best interests. these include provisions preventing holders of simon's common stock from acting by written consent and requiring that up to four directors in the aggregate may be elected by holders of class b common stock. in addition, certain provisions of the operating partnership's partnership agreement could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control. these include a provision requiring the consent of a majority in interest of units in order for simon, as general partner of the operating partnership, to, among other matters, engage in a merger transaction or sell all or substantially all of its assets.
the united kingdom's departure from the european union could have a material adverse effect on us.
following a national referendum and enactment of legislation by the government of the united kingdom, the united kingdom formally withdrew from the european union on january 31, 2020 and entered into a transition period during which it will continue its ongoing and complex negotiations with the european union relating to the future trading relationship between the parties. significant political and economic uncertainty remains about whether the terms of the relationship will differ materially from the terms before withdrawal, as well as about the possibility that a so-called "no deal" separation will occur if negotiations are not completed by the end of the transition period.
these developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, may have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our securities.
we currently hold, and may acquire additional, equity interests in properties located in the united kingdom and europe, as well as other investments that are denominated in pounds sterling and euro. in addition, our operating partnership and its subsidiaries have issued, and may issue in the future, senior unsecured notes denominated in euro. any of the effects of brexit described above, and others we cannot anticipate, could have a material adverse effect on us, including the value of our properties and investments and our potential growth in europe, as well as on our tenants' businesses, and could amplify the currency risks faced by us.
any failure to comply with anti-corruption laws and regulations could materially and adversely affect us.
we are subject to laws concerning our business operations and marketing activities in foreign countries where we conduct business. for example, we are subject to the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, or the fcpa, which generally prohibits u.s. companies or persons and any individuals or entities acting on their behalf from offering or making improper payments or providing benefits to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business. we are also subject to various other anti-bribery, anti-corruption and international trade laws in the u.s. and certain foreign countries, such as the u.k. bribery act. there is a risk that our employees, business partners and other third parties could violate these laws, and we could be sanctioned or held liable for actions taken by our employees, business partners and other third parties with respect to our business. any allegations, settlements or violations regarding such laws could negatively impact our reputation, and we could incur significant expenses in investigating any potential violation and face severe criminal or civil sanctions and/or fines as a result of violations or settlements, any of which could materially and adversely affect us.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto that are included in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview simon property group, inc. is a delaware corporation that operates as a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust, or reit, under the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended, or the internal revenue code. reits will generally not be liable for u.s. federal corporate income taxes as long as they distribute not less than 100% of their reit taxable income. simon property group, l.p. is our majority-owned delaware partnership subsidiary that owns all of our real estate properties and other assets. in this discussion, unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to "simon" mean simon property group, inc. and references to the "operating partnership" mean simon property group, l.p. references to "we," "us" and "our" mean collectively simon, the operating partnership and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by simon and/or the operating partnership. according to the operating partnership's partnership agreement, the operating partnership is required to pay all expenses of simon.
we own, develop and manage premier shopping, dining, entertainment and mixed-use destinations, which consist primarily of malls, premium outlets®, and the mills®. as of december 31, 2019, we owned or held an interest in 204 income-producing properties in the united states, which consisted of 106 malls, 69 premium outlets, 14 mills, four lifestyle centers, and 11 other retail properties in 37 states and puerto rico. in addition, we have redevelopment and expansion projects, including the addition of anchors, big box tenants, and restaurants, underway at several properties in the united states, canada, europe and asia. internationally, as of december 31, 2019, we had ownership in 29 premium outlets and designer outlet properties primarily located in asia, europe, and canada. we also have four international outlet properties under development. as of december 31, 2019, we also owned a 22.2% equity stake in klépierre sa, or klépierre, a publicly traded, paris-based real estate company, which owns, or has an interest in, shopping centers located in 15 countries in europe.
we generate the majority of our lease income from retail, dining, entertainment, and other tenants including consideration received from:
●   variable lease consideration primarily based on tenants' sales, as well as reimbursements for real estate taxes, utilities, marketing and certain other items.
we invest in real estate properties to maximize total financial return which includes both operating cash flows and capital appreciation. we seek growth in earnings, funds from operations, or ffo, and cash flows by enhancing the profitability and operation of our properties and investments. we seek to accomplish this growth through the following:
●   attracting and retaining high quality tenants and utilizing economies of scale to reduce operating expenses,
●   expanding and re-tenanting existing highly productive locations at competitive rental rates,
●   selectively acquiring or increasing our interests in high quality real estate assets or portfolios of assets,
●   generating consumer traffic in our retail properties through marketing initiatives and strategic corporate alliances, and
we also grow by generating supplemental revenues from the following activities:
●   establishing our malls as leading market resource providers for retailers and other businesses and consumer-focused corporate alliances, including payment systems (such as handling fees relating to the sales of bank-issued prepaid cards), national marketing alliances, static and digital media initiatives, business development, sponsorship, and events,
●   offering property operating services to our tenants and others, including waste handling and facility services, and the provision of energy services,
●   generating interest income on cash deposits and investments in loans, including those made to related entities.
we focus on high quality real estate across the retail real estate spectrum. we expand or redevelop properties to enhance profitability and market share of existing assets when we believe the investment of our capital meets our risk-reward criteria. we selectively develop new properties in markets we believe are not adequately served by existing retail outlet properties.
we routinely review and evaluate acquisition opportunities based on their ability to enhance our portfolio. our international strategy includes partnering with established real estate companies and financing international investments with local currency to minimize foreign exchange risk.
to support our growth, we employ a three-fold capital strategy:
●   provide the capital necessary to fund growth,
●   maintain sufficient flexibility to access capital in many forms, both public and private, and
●   manage our overall financial structure in a fashion that preserves our investment grade credit ratings.
we consider ffo, net operating income, or noi, portfolio noi and comparable property noi (noi for properties owned and operated in both periods under comparison) to be key measures of operating performance that are not specifically defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, or gaap. we use these measures internally to evaluate the operating performance of our portfolio and provide a basis for comparison with other real estate companies. reconciliations of these measures to the most comparable gaap measure are included below in this discussion.
results overview diluted earnings per share and diluted earnings per unit decreased $1.06 during 2019 to $6.81 as compared to $7.87 in 2018. the decrease in diluted earnings per share and diluted earnings per unit was primarily attributable to:
●   2018 net gains primarily related to disposition activity of $288.8 million, or $0.81 per diluted share/unit, which were higher than 2019 net gains of $14.9 million, or $0.04 per diluted share/unit,
●   a non-cash investment gain of $35.6 million, or $0.10 per diluted share/unit, in 2018,
●   decreased consolidated lease settlement activity in 2019 of $26.7 million, or $0.08 per diluted share/unit,
●   decreased income related to distributions from an international investment in 2018 of $23.9 million, or $0.07 per diluted share/unit,
●   a charge on early extinguishment of debt of $116.3 million, or $0.33 per diluted share/unit, in 2019, and
●   an increase in depreciation and amortization of $76.9 million, or $0.22 per diluted share/unit, in 2019, from our consolidated properties and our share of depreciation and amortization from equity method investments, principally related to the acceleration of depreciation on a property upon initiation of a major redevelopment, partially offset by,
●   improved operating performance and solid core business fundamentals in 2019 and the impact of our acquisition, development and expansion activity,
●   a lawsuit settled with our former insurance broker in 2019 related to the significant flood damage sustained at opry mills in may 2010 of $68.0 million, or $0.19 per diluted share/unit,
●   a gain in 2019 related to the disposition of our interest in a multi-family residential investment of $16.2 million, or $0.05 per diluted share/unit,
●   our share of an early repayment charge and write-off of deferred debt issuance costs in 2018 related to refinancing at aventura mall, of $12.5 million, or $0.03 per diluted share/unit, and
●   decreased interest expense in 2019 of $26.6 million, or $0.07 per diluted share/unit.
solid core business fundamentals during 2019 were primarily driven by strong leasing activity. portfolio noi grew by 1.4% in 2019 as compared to 2018. comparable property noi grew 1.4% for our portfolio of u.s. malls, premium outlets, and the mills. total reported sales per square foot, or psf, increased 4.8% to $693 psf at december 31, 2019 from $661 psf at december 31, 2018 for our u.s. malls and premium outlets. average base minimum rent for u.s. malls and premium outlets increased 0.8% to $54.59 psf as of december 31, 2019, from $54.18 psf as of december 31, 2018. leasing spreads in our u.s. malls and premium outlets were positive as we were able to lease available square feet at higher rents, resulting in an open/close leasing spread (based on total tenant payments - base minimum rent plus common area maintenance) of $7.83 psf ($62.39 openings compared to $54.56 closings) as of december 31, 2019, representing a 14.4% increase. ending occupancy for our u.s. malls and premium outlets decreased 0.8% to 95.1% as of december 31, 2019, from 95.9% as of december 31, 2018.
our effective overall borrowing rate at december 31, 2019 on our consolidated indebtedness decreased 19 basis points to 3.16% as compared to 3.35% at december 31, 2018. this decrease was primarily due to a decrease in the effective overall borrowing rate on variable rate debt of 56 basis points (2.61% at december 31, 2019 as compared to 3.17% at december 31, 2018) partially offset by an increase in the effective overall borrowing rate on fixed rate debt of nine basis points (3.46% at december 31, 2019 as compared to 3.37% at december 31, 2018). the weighted average years to maturity of our consolidated indebtedness was 7.4 years and 6.4 years at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
our financing activity for the year ended december 31, 2019 included:
●   repaying at maturity $600.0 million of senior unsecured notes with a fixed interest rate of 2.20% on february 1, 2019.
●   completing the issuance, on september 13, 2019, of $1.0 billion of senior unsecured notes at a fixed annual interest rate of 2.00% with a maturity date of september 13, 2024, $1.25 billion of senior unsecured notes at a fixed annual interest rate of 2.45% with a maturity date of september 13, 2029, and $1.25 billion of senior unsecured notes at a fixed annual interest rate of 3.25% with a maturity date of september 13, 2049.
united states portfolio data the portfolio data discussed in this overview includes the following key operating statistics: ending occupancy, average base minimum rent per square foot, and total sales per square foot for our domestic assets. we include acquired properties in this data beginning in the year of acquisition and remove disposed properties in the year of disposition. for comparative information purposes, we separate the information related to the mills from our other u.s. operations. we also do not include any information for properties located outside the united states.
●   properties we account for under the equity method of accounting as joint ventures, and
total reported sales per square foot. total sales include total reported retail tenant sales on a trailing 12-month basis at owned gla (for mall stores with less than 10,000 square feet) in the malls and the mills and stores with less than 20,000 square feet in the premium outlets. retail sales at owned gla affect revenue and profitability levels because sales determine the amount of minimum rent that can be charged, the percentage rent realized, and the recoverable expenses (common area maintenance, real estate taxes, etc.) that tenants can afford to pay.
current leasing activities during 2019, we signed 990 new leases and 1,281 renewal leases (excluding mall anchors and majors, new development, redevelopment and leases with terms of one year or less) with a fixed minimum rent across our u.s. malls and premium outlets portfolio, comprising approximately 7.6 million square feet, of which 5.7 million square feet related to consolidated properties. during 2018, we signed 900 new leases and 1,183 renewal leases with a fixed minimum rent, comprising approximately 7.1 million square feet, of which 5.3 million square feet related to consolidated properties. the average annual initial base minimum rent for new leases was $56.80 per square foot in 2019 and $57.29 per square foot in 2018 with an average tenant allowance on new leases of $47.57 per square foot and $54.21 per square foot, respectively.
critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, or gaap, requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. these judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. if our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied resulting in a different presentation of our financial statements. from time to time, we reevaluate our estimates and assumptions. in the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from actual results, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information. below is a discussion of accounting policies that we consider critical in that they may require complex judgment in their application or require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. for a summary of our significant accounting policies, see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
●   we, as a lessor, retain substantially all of the risks and benefits of ownership of the investment properties and account for our leases as operating leases. we accrue fixed lease income on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases. substantially all of our retail tenants are also required to pay overage rents based on sales over a stated base amount during the lease year. we recognize this variable consideration only when each tenant's sales exceed the applicable sales threshold, as well as reimbursements for real estate taxes, utilities, marketing, and certain other items. we amortize any tenant inducements as a reduction of revenue utilizing the straight-line method over the term of the related lease of occupancy term of the tenant, if shorter.
●   we review investment properties for impairment on a property-by-property basis to identify and evaluate events or changes in circumstances which indicate that the carrying value of investment properties may not be recoverable. these circumstances include, but are not limited to, declines in a property's cash flows, ending occupancy or total sales per square foot. we measure any impairment of investment property when the estimated undiscounted operating income before depreciation and amortization during the anticipated holding period plus its residual value is less than the carrying value of the property. to the extent impairment has occurred, we charge to income the excess of carrying value of the property over its estimated fair value. we also review our investments, including investments in unconsolidated entities, to identify and evaluate whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of our investments may not be recoverable. we will record an impairment charge if we determine that a decline in the fair value of the investments is other-than-temporary. our evaluation of changes in economic or operating conditions may include developing estimates of forecasted cash flows or operating income before depreciation and amortization to support the recoverability of the carrying amount of the investment. we estimate undiscounted cash flows and fair value using observable and unobservable data such as operating income, estimated capitalization and discount rates, or relevant market multiples, leasing prospects and local market information. changes in economic and operating conditions that occur subsequent to our review of recoverability of investment property and other investments could impact the assumptions used in that assessment and could result in future charges to earnings if assumptions regarding those investments differ from actual results.
●   to maintain simon's status as a reit, we must distribute at least 90% of reit taxable income in any given year and meet certain asset and income tests. we monitor our business and transactions that may potentially impact simon's reit status. in the unlikely event that we fail to maintain simon's reit status, and available relief provisions do not apply, we would be required to pay u.s. federal income taxes at regular corporate income tax rates during the period simon did not qualify as a reit. if simon lost its reit status, it could not elect to be taxed
as a reit for four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost unless its failure was due to reasonable cause and certain other conditions were met. as a result, failing to maintain reit status would result in a significant increase in the income tax expense recorded and paid during those periods.
●   we make estimates as part of our valuation of the purchase price of asset acquisitions (including the components of excess investment in joint ventures) to the various components of the acquisition based upon the relative fair value of each component. the most significant components of our valuations are typically the determination of relative fair value to the buildings as-if-vacant, land and market value of in-place leases. in the case of the fair value of buildings and fair value of land and other intangibles, our estimates of the values of these components will affect the amount of depreciation or amortization we record over the estimated useful life of the property acquired or the remaining lease term. in the case of the market value of in-place leases, we make our best estimates of the tenants' ability to pay rents based upon the tenants' operating performance at the property, including the competitive position of the property in its market as well as sales psf, rents psf, and overall occupancy cost for the tenants in place at the acquisition date. our assumptions affect the amount of future revenue that we will recognize over the remaining lease term for the acquired in-place leases.
●   a variety of costs are incurred in the development of properties. after determination is made to capitalize a cost, it is allocated to the specific component of a project that is benefited. determination of when a development project is substantially complete and capitalization must cease involves judgment. the costs of land and buildings under development include specifically identifiable costs. the capitalized costs include pre-construction costs essential to the development of the property, development costs, construction costs, interest costs, real estate taxes, salaries and related costs and other costs incurred during the period of development. we consider a construction project as substantially completed and held available for occupancy and cease capitalization of costs upon opening.
results of operations in addition to the activity discussed above in the "results overview" section, the following acquisitions, dispositions, and openings of consolidated properties affected our consolidated results in the comparative periods:
in addition to the activities discussed above and in "results overview", the following acquisitions, dispositions, and openings of joint venture properties affected our income from unconsolidated entities in the comparative periods:
●   during 2018, we contributed our interest in the licensing venture of aéropostale for additional interests in authentic brands group llc, or abg. our noncontrolling interest in abg is 5.4%.
total other income increased $27.9 million, primarily due to a $68.0 million increase related to a lawsuit settled with our former insurance broker in 2019 related to the significant flood damage sustained at opry mills in may 2010, a $16.2 million gain on the sale of our interest in a multi-family residential property, a $12.4 million increase in interest income, an $11.2 million increase in simon brand venture and gift card revenues, an increase of $10.4 million in land sales including gains as a result of land contributions for densification projects at two of our properties, and the impact of consolidated franchise and hotel revenues, partially offset by a $35.6 million non-cash gain recorded in 2018 associated with our contribution of our interest in the aéropostale licensing venture for additional interests in abg, a $26.7 million decrease in lease settlement income, a $23.9 million decrease in income related to distributions from an international investment received in 2018 and a $9.5 million decrease related to business interruption insurance proceeds received in connection with our two puerto rico properties as a result of hurricane damages.
depreciation and amortization expense increased $58.0 million, of which the property transactions accounted for $11.0 million. the comparable properties increased $47.0 million primarily as a result of an increase in tenant allowance write-offs in 2019 and the acceleration of depreciation on a property upon initiation of a major redevelopment.
home and regional office costs increased $53.4 million, primarily due to the suspension of leasing cost capitalization in 2019 as a result of the adoption of a new accounting pronouncement.
other expense increased $15.8 million primarily related to a $4.9 million unfavorable non-cash mark-to-market on certain of our non-real estate equity instruments, and the impact of consolidated franchise and hotel operational expenses.
income from unconsolidated entities decreased $30.9 million as a result of the sale of german assets within our hbs joint venture in 2018, and the impact from the consolidation of a property that was previously unconsolidated in the third quarter of 2018, partially offset by favorable results of operations from our international joint venture investments.
during 2019, we recorded net gains of $62.1 million primarily related to klépierre's disposition of certain shopping centers, offset by a $47.2 million impairment charge related to our investment in hbs. during 2018, we recorded net gains of $12.5 million related to property insurance recoveries of previously depreciated assets and $276.3 million primarily related to our disposition of two retail properties, as well as the disposal of our interest in the german department stores owned through our investment in hbs, as further discussed in note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
total other income increased $73.6 million, primarily due to a $35.6 million increase related to a non-cash gain associated with our contribution of our interest in the aéropostale licensing venture for additional interests in abg, a $21.9 million increase in income related to distributions from an international investment, a $17.9 million increase related to business interruption insurance proceeds received in connection with two of our puerto rico properties as a result of hurricane damages, a $13.2 million increase in simon brand venture and gift card revenues and a $6.5 million increase in net other revenues, partially offset by a $21.5 million decrease related to the sale of marketable securities during 2017.
other expense decreased $37.4 million primarily related to a decrease in legal fees and expenses of $25.1 million and the write off of pre-development costs and other investments in 2017 of $11.3 million.
income and other taxes increased $13.6 million as a result of higher tax expense due to higher net income from improved performance on our share of results in the retail operations venture of aéropostale as compared to 2017, and increased withholding and income taxes related to certain of our international investments.
income from unconsolidated entities increased $75.0 million primarily due to the stronger operations of the retail operations venture of aéropostale and favorable results of operations from our international joint venture investments and our acquisition and development activity, offset partially by our share of an early repayment charge at one of our joint venture properties.
during 2018, we recorded net gains of $12.5 million related to property insurance recoveries of previously depreciated assets and $276.3 million primarily related to our disposition of two retail properties, as well as the disposal of our interest in the german department stores owned through our investment in hbs, as further discussed in note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. during 2017, we recorded a $5.0 million gain related to klépierre's sale of certain assets, partially offset by the disposition of our interest in one unconsolidated retail property that resulted in a loss of $1.3 million.
liquidity and capital resources because we own long-lived income-producing assets, our financing strategy relies primarily on long-term fixed rate debt. floating rate debt comprised only 3.5% of our total consolidated debt at december 31, 2019. we also enter into interest rate protection agreements from time to time to manage our interest rate risk. we derive most of our liquidity from positive net cash flow from operations and distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities that totaled $4.0 billion in the aggregate during 2019. the operating partnership has a $4.0 billion credit facility, and a $3.5 billion supplemental unsecured revolving credit facility, or supplemental facility, and together with the credit facility, the credit facilities. the credit facilities and the commercial paper program provide alternative sources of liquidity as our cash needs vary from time to time. borrowing capacity under these sources may be increased as discussed further below.
on december 31, 2019, we had an aggregate available borrowing capacity of approximately $6.0 billion under the credit facilities, net of outstanding borrowings of $125.0 million, amounts outstanding under the commercial paper program of $1.3 billion and letters of credit of $11.4 million. for the year ended december 31, 2019, the maximum aggregate outstanding balance under the credit facilities was $130.7 million and the weighted average outstanding balance was $125.1 million. the weighted average interest rate was 3.04% for the year ended december 31, 2019.
simon has historically had access to public equity markets and the operating partnership has historically had access to private and public, short and long-term unsecured debt markets and access to secured debt and private equity from institutional investors at the property level.
our business model and simon's status as a reit require us to regularly access the debt markets to raise funds for acquisition, development and redevelopment activity, and to refinance maturing debt. simon may also, from time to time, access the equity capital markets to accomplish our business objectives. we believe we have sufficient cash on hand and availability under the credit facilities and the commercial paper program to address our debt maturities and capital needs through 2020.
cash flows our net cash flow from operating activities and distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities totaled $4.0 billion during 2019. in addition, we had net proceeds from our debt financing and repayment activities of $784.6 million, including $100.0 million of cash paid to extinguish debt. these activities are further discussed below under "financing and debt." during 2019, we also:
●   paid stockholder dividends and unitholder distributions totaling approximately $2.9 billion and preferred unit distributions totaling $5.3 million,
●   funded consolidated capital expenditures of $876.0 million (including development and other costs of $72.5 million, redevelopment and expansion costs of $498.0 million, and tenant costs and other operational capital expenditures of $305.5 million),
●   funded investments in unconsolidated entities of $63.8 million,
●   funded investments in equity instruments of $374.2 million,
in general, we anticipate that cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet operating expenses, monthly debt service, recurring capital expenditures, and dividends to stockholders and/or distributions to partners necessary to maintain simon's reit qualification on a long-term basis. in addition, we expect to be able to generate or obtain capital for nonrecurring capital expenditures, such as acquisitions, major building redevelopments and expansions, as well as for scheduled principal maturities on outstanding indebtedness, from:
●   excess cash generated from operating performance and working capital reserves,
●   borrowings on the credit facilities and commercial paper program,
●   additional secured or unsecured debt financing, or
●   additional equity raised in the public or private markets.
we expect to generate positive cash flow from operations in 2020, and we consider these projected cash flows in our sources and uses of cash. these cash flows are principally derived from rents paid by our tenants. a significant deterioration in projected cash flows from operations could cause us to increase our reliance on available funds from the credit facilities and commercial paper program, curtail planned capital expenditures, or seek other additional sources of financing as discussed above.
financing and debt unsecured debt at december 31, 2019, our unsecured debt consisted of $15.9 billion of senior unsecured notes of the operating partnership, $125.0 million outstanding under the operating partnership's $4.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, or credit facility, and $1.3 billion outstanding under the operating partnership's global unsecured commercial paper program, or commercial paper program.
on december 31, 2019, we had an aggregate available borrowing capacity of $6.0 billion under the credit facility and the operating partnership's $3.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, or supplemental facility, and together with the credit facility, the credit facilities. the maximum aggregate outstanding balance under the credit facilities during the year ended december 31, 2019 was $130.7 million and the weighted average outstanding balance was $125.1 million. letters of credit of $11.4 million were outstanding under the credit facilities as of december 31, 2019.
the credit facility's initial borrowing capacity of $4.0 billion may be increased to $5.0 billion during its term and provides for borrowings denominated in u.s. dollars, euro, yen, sterling, canadian dollars and australian dollars. borrowings in currencies other than the u.s. dollar are limited to 95% of the maximum revolving credit amount, as defined. the initial maturity date of the credit facility is june 30, 2021 and can be extended for an additional year to june 30, 2022 at our sole option, subject to our continued compliance with the terms thereof. the base interest rate on the credit facility is libor plus 77.5 basis points with an additional facility fee of 10 basis points.
the supplemental facility's initial borrowing capacity of $3.5 billion may be increased to $4.5 billion during its term and provides for borrowings denominated in u.s. dollars, euro, yen, sterling, canadian dollars and australian dollars. the initial maturity date of the supplemental facility was extended to june 30, 2022 and can be extended for an additional year to june 30, 2023 at our sole option, subject to our continued compliance with the terms thereof. the base interest rate on the supplemental facility is libor plus 77.5 basis points, with an additional facility fee of 10 basis points.
the operating partnership also has available a commercial paper program of $2.0 billion, or the non-u.s. dollar equivalent thereof. the operating partnership may issue unsecured commercial paper notes, denominated in u.s. dollars, euro and other currencies. notes issued in non-u.s. currencies may be issued by one or more subsidiaries of the operating partnership and are guaranteed by the operating partnership. notes will be sold under customary terms in the u.s. and euro commercial paper note markets and rank (either by themselves or as a result of the guarantee described above) pari passu with the operating partnership's other unsecured senior indebtedness. the commercial paper program is supported by the credit facilities and if necessary or appropriate, we may make one or more draws under either of the credit facilities to pay amounts outstanding from time to time on the commercial paper program. on december 31, 2019, we had $1.3 billion outstanding under the commercial paper program, of which $1.0 billion was comprised of u.s. dollar denominated notes with a weighted average interest rate of 1.72% and $269.2 million was comprised of euro denominated notes with a weighted average interest rate of (0.38%). these borrowings have a weighted average maturity date of march 6, 2020 and reduce amounts otherwise available under the credit facilities.
on february 1, 2019, the operating partnership repaid at maturity $600.0 million of senior unsecured notes with a fixed interest rate of 2.20%.
on september 13, 2019 the operating partnership completed the issuance of the following senior unsecured notes: $1.0 billion with a fixed interest rate of 2.00%, $1.25 billion with a fixed interest rate of 2.45%, and $1.25 billion with a fixed interest rate of 3.25%, with maturity dates of september 13 of 2024, 2029, and 2049, respectively. proceeds from the unsecured notes offering funded the early redemption of senior unsecured notes in october 2019, as discussed below, and repaid a portion of the indebtedness outstanding under the commercial paper program.
on october 7, 2019, the operating partnership completed the early redemption of its $900 million 4.375% notes due march 1, 2021, $700 million 4.125% notes due december 1, 2021, $600 million 3.375% notes due march 15, 2022 and €375 million of the €750 million 2.375% notes due october 2, 2020. we recorded a $116.3 million loss on extinguishment of debt in the fourth quarter as a result of the early redemption.
covenants our unsecured debt agreements contain financial covenants and other non-financial covenants. if we were to fail to comply with these covenants, after the expiration of the applicable cure periods, the debt maturity could be accelerated or other remedies could be sought by the lender, including adjustments to the applicable interest rate. as of december 31, 2019, we were in compliance with all covenants of our unsecured debt.
at december 31, 2019, our consolidated subsidiaries were the borrowers under 46 non-recourse mortgage notes secured by mortgages on 50 properties and other assets, including two separate pools of cross-defaulted and cross-collateralized mortgages encumbering a total of five properties. under these cross-default provisions, a default under any mortgage included in the cross-defaulted pool may constitute a default under all mortgages within that pool and may lead to acceleration of the indebtedness due on each property within the pool. certain of our secured debt instruments contain financial and other non-financial covenants which are specific to the properties that serve as collateral for that debt. if the applicable borrower under these non-recourse mortgage notes were to fail to comply with these covenants, the lender could accelerate the debt and enforce its rights against their collateral. at december 31, 2019, the applicable borrowers under these non-recourse mortgage notes were in compliance with all covenants where non-compliance could individually or in the aggregate, giving effect to applicable cross-default provisions, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in regards to long-term debt arrangements, the following table summarizes the material aspects of these future obligations on our consolidated indebtedness as of december 31, 2019, and subsequent years thereafter (dollars in thousands) assuming the obligations remain outstanding through initial maturities:
consolidated capital expenditure commitments (3)               551,418                       -                       -               -                         551,418
lease commitments (4)                                           32,438                  64,891                  65,300               908,701                 1,071,330
(1)   represents principal maturities only and, therefore, excludes net discounts and debt issuance costs.
(3)   represents contractual commitments for capital projects and services at december 31, 2019. our share of estimated 2020 development, redevelopment and expansion activity is further discussed below under "development activity".
our off-balance sheet arrangements consist primarily of our investments in joint ventures which are common in the real estate industry and are described in note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. our joint ventures typically fund their cash needs through secured debt financings obtained by and in the name of the joint venture entity. the joint venture debt is secured by a first mortgage, is without recourse to the joint venture partners, and does not represent a liability of the partners, except to the extent the partners or their affiliates expressly guarantee the joint venture debt. as of december 31, 2019, the operating partnership guaranteed joint venture-related mortgage indebtedness of $214.8 million (of which we have a right of recovery from our venture partners of $10.8 million as of december 31, 2019). mortgages guaranteed by the operating partnership are secured by the property of the joint venture which could be sold in order to satisfy the outstanding obligation and which has an estimated fair value in excess of the guaranteed amount. we may elect to fund cash needs of a joint venture through equity contributions (generally on a basis proportionate to our ownership interests), advances or partner loans, although such fundings are not required contractually or otherwise.
acquisitions and dispositions buy-sell, marketing rights, and other exit mechanisms are common in real estate partnership agreements. most of our partners are institutional investors who have a history of direct investment in retail real estate. we and our partners in our joint venture properties may initiate these provisions (subject to any applicable lock up or similar restrictions). if we determine it is in our best interests for us to purchase the joint venture interest and we believe we have adequate liquidity to execute the purchase without hindering our cash flows, then we may initiate these provisions or elect to buy our partner's interest. if we decide to sell any of our joint venture interests, we expect to use the net proceeds to reduce outstanding indebtedness or to reinvest in development, redevelopment, or expansion opportunities.
acquisitions. on september 19, 2019, we acquired the remaining 50% interest in a hotel adjacent to one of our properties from our joint venture partner for cash consideration of $12.8 million. as of closing, the property was subject to a $21.5 million, 4.02% variable rate mortgage.
on september 25, 2018, we acquired the remaining 50% interest in the outlets at orange from our joint venture partner. the operating partnership issued 475,183 units, or approximately $84.1 million, as consideration for the acquisition. the property is subject to a $215.0 million 4.22% fixed rate mortgage loan.
dispositions. we may continue to pursue the disposition of properties that no longer meet our strategic criteria or that are not a primary retail venue within their trade area.
during 2019, we disposed of our interests in one multi-family residential investment. our share of the gross proceeds on this transaction was $17.9 million. our share of the gain of $16.2 million is included in other income in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income. we also recorded net gains of $62.1 million, primarily related to klépierre's disposition of its interests in certain shopping centers, of which our share was $58.6 million, as discussed in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
during 2018, we recorded net gains of $288.8 million primarily related to disposition activity which included the foreclosure of two consolidated retail properties in satisfaction of their $200.0 million and $80.0 million non-recourse mortgage loans and, as discussed in note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, our interest in the german department store properties owned through our investment in hbs was sold during the fourth quarter of 2018. also, as discussed further in note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, klépierre disposed of its interests in certain shopping centers resulting in a gain of which our share was $20.2 million.
during 2017, we disposed of our interest in one unconsolidated retail property. the loss recognized on this transaction was approximately $1.3 million. as discussed in note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, klépierre's disposition of its interest in certain shopping centers, resulting in a gain of which our share was $5.0 million.
joint venture formation activity on october 16, 2019, we contributed approximately $276.8 million consisting of cash and the shop premium outlets, or spo, assets for a 45% noncontrolling interest in rue gilt groupe, or rgg, to create a new multi-platform venture dedicated to digital value shopping, as further discussed in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
subsequent event on february 10, 2020, we and taubman centers, inc., a publicly held michigan corporation ("tco"), issued a joint press release announcing the execution of an agreement and plan of merger (the "merger agreement") dated as of february 9, 2020, pursuant to which, among other things and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, the operating partnership will acquire 100% of the equity interests of tco and, following the transactions contemplated in the merger agreement, will hold 80% of the equity interests of the taubman realty group limited partnership ("trg"), with the taubman family (as defined in the merger agreement) retaining a 20% interest in trg. consummation of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of customary closing conditions, including the approval and adoption of the merger agreement by (i) shareholders holding two-thirds of tco's outstanding voting stock and (ii) shareholders, excluding the taubman family, holding a majority of tco's outstanding voting stock.
trg is engaged in the ownership, management and/or leasing of 26 super-regional shopping centers in the u.s. and asia. the trg board will be comprised of 3 simon designees and 3 taubman designees. trg will continue to be managed by its existing executive team. we, through the operating partnership, will acquire all of taubman common stock for $52.50 per share in cash and expect to fund the total required cash consideration of approximately $3.6 billion with existing liquidity.
development activity we routinely incur costs related to construction for significant redevelopment and expansion projects at our properties. redevelopment and expansion projects, including the addition of anchors, big box tenants, and restaurants are underway at several properties in the united states, canada, europe, and asia.
our share of the costs of all new development, redevelopment and expansion projects currently under construction is approximately $1.8 billion. we expect to fund these capital projects with cash flows from operations. our estimated stabilized return on invested capital typically ranges between 7-10% for all our new development, redevelopment and expansion projects.
summary of capital expenditures. the following table summarizes total capital expenditures on consolidated properties on a cash basis (in millions):
operational capital expenditures           143           132            70
international development activity we typically reinvest net cash flow from our international joint ventures to fund future international development activity. we believe this strategy mitigates some of the risk of our initial investment and our exposure to changes in foreign currencies. we have also funded most of our foreign investments with local currency-denominated borrowings that act as a natural hedge against fluctuations in exchange rates. our consolidated net income exposure to changes in the volatility of the euro, yen, peso, won, and other foreign currencies is not material. we expect our share of international development costs for 2020 will be approximately $211 million, primarily funded through reinvested joint venture cash flow and construction loans.
vancouver designer outlet phase 2              richmond (british columbia), canada            84,000              46%       cad              26.9                       $20.7       opened aug. - 2019
noventa di piave designer outlet phase 5       noventa di piave (venice), italy               29,000              92%       eur              21.4                       $24.0       opened nov. - 2019
tosu premium outlets phase 4                   tosu city, japan                               38,000              40%       jpy               964                        $8.9       opened nov. - 2019
la reggia designer outlet phase 3              marcianise (naples), italy                     58,000              92%       eur              30.9                       $34.6       nov. - 2020
dividends, distributions and stock repurchase program simon paid a common stock dividend of $2.10 per share in the fourth quarter of 2019 and $8.30 per share for the year ended december 31, 2019. the operating partnership paid distributions per unit for the same amounts. in 2018, simon paid dividends of $2.00 and $7.90 per share for the three and twelve month periods ended december 31, 2018, respectively. the operating partnership paid distributions per unit for the same amounts. simon's board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend for the first quarter of 2020 of $2.10 per share of common stock payable on february 28, 2020 to stockholders of record on february 14, 2020. the distribution rate on units is equal to the dividend rate on common stock. in order to maintain its status as a reit, simon must pay a minimum amount of dividends. simon's future dividends and the operating partnership's future distributions will be determined by simon's board of directors, in its sole discretion, based on actual and projected financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, cash available for dividends and limited partner distributions, cash reserves as deemed necessary for capital and operating expenditures, financing covenants, if any, and the amount required to maintain simon's status as a reit.
on february 13, 2017, simon's board of directors authorized a two-year extension of the previously authorized $2.0 billion common stock repurchase plan through march 31, 2019. on february 11, 2019, simon's board of directors authorized a new common stock repurchase plan. under the new plan, simon may repurchase up to $2.0 billion of its common stock during the two-year period ending february 11, 2021 in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions as market conditions warrant. during the year ended december 31, 2019, simon purchased 2,247,074 shares at an average price of $160.11 per share, of which 46,377 shares at an average price of $164.49 were purchased as part of the previous program. during the year ended december 31, 2018, simon purchased 2,275,194 shares at an average
price of $155.64 per share as part of the previous program. at december 31, 2019, we had remaining authority to repurchase approximately $1.6 billion of common stock. as simon repurchases shares under these programs, the operating partnership repurchases an equal number of units from simon.
forward-looking statements certain statements made in this section or elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k may be deemed "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be attained, and it is possible that our actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. such factors include, but are not limited to: changes in economic and market conditions that may adversely affect the general retail environment; the potential loss of anchor stores or major tenants; the inability to collect rent due to the bankruptcy or insolvency of tenants or otherwise; decreases in market rental rates; the intensely competitive market environment in the retail industry; the inability to lease newly developed properties and renew leases and relet space at existing properties on favorable terms; risks related to international activities, including, without limitation, the impact, if any, of the united kingdom's exit from the european union; changes to applicable laws or regulations or the interpretation thereof; risks associated with the acquisition, development, redevelopment, expansion, leasing and management of properties; general risks related to real estate investments, including the illiquidity of real estate investments; the impact of our substantial indebtedness on our future operations; any disruption in the financial markets that may adversely affect our ability to access capital for growth and satisfy our ongoing debt service requirements; any change in our credit rating; changes in market rates of interest and foreign exchange rates for foreign currencies; changes in the value of our investments in foreign entities; our ability to hedge interest rate and currency risk; our continued ability to maintain our status as a reit; changes in tax laws or regulations that result in adverse tax consequences; risks relating to our joint venture properties; environmental liabilities; changes in insurance costs, the availability of comprehensive insurance coverage; security breaches that could compromise our information technology or infrastructure; natural disasters; the potential for terrorist activities; the loss of key management personnel; and the transition of libor to an alternative reference rate. we discussed these and other risks and uncertainties under the heading "risk factors" in part i, item1a of this annual report on form 10-k. we may update that discussion in subsequent other periodic reports, but, except as required by law, we undertake no duty or obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise.
non-gaap financial measures industry practice is to evaluate real estate properties in part based on performance measures such as ffo, diluted ffo per share, noi, portfolio noi and comparable property noi. we believe that these non-gaap measures are helpful to investors because they are widely recognized measures of the performance of reits and provide a relevant basis for comparison among reits. we also use these measures internally to measure the operating performance of our portfolio.
we determine ffo based upon the definition set forth by the national association of real estate investment trusts ("nareit") funds from operations white paper - 2018 restatement. our main business includes acquiring, owning, operating, developing, and redeveloping real estate in conjunction with the rental of real estate. gains and losses of assets incidental to our main business are included in ffo. we determine ffo to be our share of consolidated net income computed in accordance with gaap:
●   excluding gains and losses from extraordinary items,
●   all determined on a consistent basis in accordance with gaap.
you should understand that our computations of these non-gaap measures might not be comparable to similar measures reported by other reits and that these non-gaap measures:
●   should not be considered as an alternative to net income determined in accordance with gaap as a measure of operating performance, and
●   are not an alternative to cash flows as a measure of liquidity.
our share of depreciation and amortization from unconsolidated entities, including klépierre and hbs                                                                                                                                                      551,596                 533,595                 540,718
gain on sale or disposal of, or recovery on, assets and interests in unconsolidated entities and impairment, net (b)                                                                                                                                     (14,883)               (282,211)                 (3,647)
unrealized losses in fair value of equity instruments                                                                                                                                                                                                       8,212                  15,212                       -
ffo allocable to limited partners                                                                                                                                                                                                                         563,342                 568,817                 529,595
depreciation and amortization from consolidated properties and our share of depreciation and amortization from unconsolidated entities, including klépierre and hbs, net of noncontrolling interests portion of depreciation and amortization   5.25                                 5.01                    4.98
gain on sale or disposal of, or recovery on, assets and interests in unconsolidated entities and impairment, net (b)                                                                                                                                       (0.04)                  (0.79)                  (0.01)
unrealized losses in fair value of equity instruments                                                                                                                                                                                                        0.02                    0.04                       -
weighted average limited partnership units outstanding                                                                                                                                                                                                     46,774                  46,893                  47,260
basic and diluted weighted average shares and units outstanding                                                                                                                                                                                           354,724                 356,520                 358,777
(a)   includes ffo of the operating partnership related to a loss on extinguishment of debt of $116.3 million and $128.6 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2017, respectively. includes diluted ffo per share/unit related to a loss on extinguishment of debt of $0.33 and $0.36 for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2017, respectively. includes diluted ffo allocable to common stockholders related to a loss on extinguishment of debt of $100.9 million and $111.7 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2017, respectively.
(b)   includes gain on sale or disposal of, or recovery on, assets and interests in unconsolidated entities and impairment, net of $288.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. noncontrolling interest portion of the gain was $6.6 million, or $0.02 per diluted share/unit for the year ended december 31, 2018.
reconciliation of noi of consolidated entities:
income from unconsolidated entities                                                                                            (444,349)                 (475,250)
unrealized losses in fair value of equity instruments                                                                              8,212                    15,212
gain on sale or disposal of, or recovery on, assets and interests in unconsolidated entities and impairment, net                (14,883)                 (288,827)
operating income before other items                                                                                            2,907,831                 2,926,299
noi of consolidated entities                                                                                           $4,473,303                $4,391,973
reconciliation of noi of unconsolidated entities:
gain on sale or disposal of, or recovery on, assets and interests in unconsolidated entities, net                               (24,609)                  (33,367)
operating income before other items                                                                                            1,504,885                 1,506,738
noi of unconsolidated entities                                                                                         $2,186,649                $2,159,706
less: noi from new development, redevelopment, expansion and acquisitions (3)                                                    181,871                   191,959
(1)   includes income components excluded from portfolio noi and comparable property noi (domestic lease termination income, interest income, land sale gains, straight line lease income, above/below market lease adjustments), unrealized and realized gains/losses on non-real estate related equity instruments, northgate, simon management company revenues, and other assets.