item 1a. risk factors.
the nature of our business activities subjects us to certain hazards and risks. you should consider carefully the following risk factors together with all the other information contained in this report. if any of the following risks were to occur, then our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we have a substantial amount of indebtedness which may adversely affect our financial position.
we have a substantial amount of indebtedness. as of december 31, 2019, we had $6,973.6 million outstanding of the partnership's senior unsecured notes and $54.6 million of outstanding senior notes of tpl, excluding $0.3 million of unamortized net discounts and premiums. we also had $370.0 million outstanding under the partnership's securitization facility. in addition, we had (i) $88.2 million of letters of credit outstanding and $2,111.8 million of additional borrowing capacity available under the trp revolver, and (ii) $435.0 million of borrowings outstanding and $235.0 million of additional borrowing capacity available under the trc revolver. for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, our consolidated interest expense, net was $337.8 million, $185.8 million and $233.7 million.
in november 2019, the partnership issued $1.0 billion of 51⁄2% senior notes due march 2030, resulting in total net proceeds of approximately $990.8 million. the net proceeds from the issuance were used to repay borrowings under its credit facilities and for general partnership purposes.
this substantial level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay, when due, the principal of, interest on or other amounts due in respect of indebtedness. this substantial indebtedness, combined with lease and other financial obligations and contractual commitments, could have other important consequences to us, including the following:
•   our ability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes may be impaired or such financing may not be available on favorable terms;
•   satisfying our obligations with respect to indebtedness may be more difficult and any failure to comply with the obligations of any debt instruments could result in an event of default under the agreements governing such indebtedness;
•   we will need a portion of cash flow to make interest payments on debt, reducing the funds that would otherwise be available for operations and future business opportunities;
•   our debt level may influence how counterparties view our creditworthiness, which could limit our ability to enter into commercial transactions at favorable rates or require us to post additional collateral in commercial transactions;
•   our debt level will make us more vulnerable to competitive pressures or a downturn in our business or the economy generally; and
•   our debt level may limit flexibility in planning for, or responding to, changing business and economic conditions.
our long-term unsecured debt is currently rated by standard & poor's corporation ("s&p") and moody's investors service, inc. ("moody's"). as of december 31, 2019, targa's senior unsecured debt was rated "bb" by s&p. as of december 31, 2019, targa's senior unsecured debt was rated "ba3" by moody's. any future downgrades in our credit ratings could negatively impact our cost of raising capital, and a downgrade could also adversely affect our ability to effectively execute aspects of our strategy and to access capital in the public markets.
our ability to service our debt will depend upon, among other things, our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. if our operating results are not sufficient to service our current or future indebtedness, we will be forced to take actions such as reducing or delaying business activities, acquisitions, investments or capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing debt, or seeking additional equity capital, and such results may adversely affect our ability to make cash dividends. we may not be able to affect any of these actions on satisfactory terms, or at all.
despite current indebtedness levels, we may still be able to incur substantially more debt. this could increase the risks associated with compliance with our financial covenants.
we may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. the trp revolver and trc revolver allow us to request increases in commitments up to an additional $500 million and $200 million, respectively. although our debt agreements contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and any indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. if we incur additional debt, this could increase the risks associated with compliance with our financial covenants.
increases in interest rates could adversely affect our business and may cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
we have significant exposure to increases in interest rates. as of december 31, 2019, our total indebtedness was $7,871.2 million, excluding $0.3 million of net premiums and $49.1 million of net debt issuance costs, of which $7,028.2 million was at fixed interest rates, $805.0 million was at variable interest rates and $38.0 million of finance lease liabilities. a one percentage point increase in the interest rate on our variable interest rate debt would have increased our consolidated annual interest expense by approximately $8.1 million based on our december 31, 2019 debt balances. as a result of this amount of variable interest rate debt, our results of operations could be adversely affected by increases in interest rates.
additionally, like all equity investments, an investment in our equity securities is subject to certain risks. in exchange for accepting these risks, investors may expect to receive a higher rate of return than would otherwise be obtainable from lower-risk investments. accordingly, as interest rates rise, the ability of investors to obtain higher risk-adjusted rates of return by purchasing government-backed debt securities may cause a corresponding decline in demand for riskier investments generally, including yield-based equity investments. reduced demand for our common stock resulting from investors seeking other more favorable investment opportunities may cause the trading price of our common stock to decline.
the terms of our debt agreements may restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes in business or to take certain actions, including to pay dividends to our stockholders.
the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness contain, and any future indebtedness we incur will likely contain, a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions, including restrictions on our ability to engage in acts that may be in our best long-term interests. these agreements include covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to:
•   incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue additional preferred stock;
•   pay dividends on our equity securities or to our equity holders or redeem, repurchase or retire our equity securities or subordinated indebtedness;
•   make investments and certain acquisitions;
•   sell or transfer assets, including equity securities of our subsidiaries;
•   engage in affiliate transactions,
•   enter into sale and lease-back transactions or take-or-pay contracts; and
•   change business activities conducted by us.
in addition, certain of our debt agreements require us to satisfy and maintain specified financial ratios and other financial condition tests. our ability to meet those financial ratios and tests can be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot assure you that we will meet those ratios and tests.
a breach of any of these covenants could result in an event of default under our debt agreements. upon the occurrence of such an event of default, all amounts outstanding under the applicable debt agreements could be declared to be immediately due and payable and all applicable commitments to extend further credit could be terminated. for example, if we are unable to repay the accelerated debt under the trp revolver, the lenders under the trp revolver could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness. if we are unable to repay the accelerated debt under the securitization facility, the lenders under the securitization facility could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the indebtedness. we have pledged the assets and equity of certain of the partnership's subsidiaries as collateral under the trp revolver and the accounts receivables of targa receivables llc under the securitization facility. if the indebtedness under our debt agreements is accelerated, we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient assets to repay the indebtedness. the operating and financial restrictions and covenants in these debt agreements and any future financing agreements may adversely affect our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities.
our cash flow is affected by supply and demand for natural gas, ngl products and crude oil and by natural gas, ngl, crude oil and condensate prices, and decreases in these prices could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our operations can be affected by the level of natural gas, ngl and crude oil prices and the relationship between these prices. the prices of crude oil, natural gas and ngls have been volatile, and we expect this volatility to continue. our future cash flow may be materially adversely affected if we experience significant, prolonged price deterioration. the markets and prices for crude oil, natural gas and ngls depend upon factors beyond our control. these factors include supply and demand for these commodities, which fluctuates with changes in market and economic conditions, and other factors, including:
•   the impact of seasonality and weather;
•   general economic conditions and economic conditions impacting our primary markets;
•   the economic conditions of our customers;
•   the availability of imported natural gas, liquefied natural gas, ngls and crude oil;
•   actions taken by foreign oil and gas producing nations;
•   the availability of local, intrastate and interstate transportation systems and storage for residue natural gas and ngls;
•   the availability and marketing of competitive fuels and/or feedstocks;
•   the impact of energy conservation efforts;
•   stockholder activism and activities by non-governmental organizations to limit certain sources of funding for the energy sector or restrict the exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas; and
our primary natural gas gathering and processing arrangements that expose us to commodity price risk are our percent-of-proceeds arrangements. under these arrangements, we generally process natural gas from producers and remit to the producers an agreed percentage of the proceeds from the sale of residue gas and ngl products at market prices or a percentage of residue gas and ngl products at the tailgate of our processing facilities. in some percent-of-proceeds arrangements, we remit to the producer a percentage of an index-based price for residue gas and ngl products, less agreed adjustments, rather than remitting a portion of the actual sales proceeds. under these types of arrangements, our revenues and cash flows increase or decrease, whichever is applicable, as the prices of natural gas, ngls and crude oil fluctuate, to the extent our exposure to these prices is unhedged. see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
factors such as reserves established by our board of directors for our estimated general and administrative expenses as well as other operating expenses, reserves to satisfy our debt service requirements, if any, and reserves for future dividends by us may affect the dividends we make to our stockholders. the actual amount of cash that is available for dividends to our stockholders will depend on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control.
our cash dividend policy limits our ability to grow.
because we may distribute a substantial amount of our cash flow, our growth may not be as fast as the growth of businesses that reinvest their available cash to expand ongoing operations. if we issue additional shares of common or preferred stock or we incur debt, the payment of dividends on those additional shares or interest on that debt could increase the risk that we will be unable to maintain or increase our cash dividend levels.
if dividends on our shares of common stock are not paid with respect to any fiscal quarter, our stockholders will not be entitled to receive that quarter's payments in the future.
dividends to our common stockholders are not cumulative. consequently, if dividends on our shares of common stock are not paid with respect to any fiscal quarter, our stockholders will not be entitled to receive that quarter's payments in the future.
changes in future business conditions could cause recorded long-lived assets to become further impaired, and our financial condition and results of operations could suffer if there is an additional impairment of property, plant and equipment assets.
we evaluate long-lived assets, including related intangibles, for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate, in management's judgment, that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. asset recoverability is measured by comparing the carrying value of the asset or asset group with its expected future pre-tax undiscounted cash flows. these cash flow estimates require us to make projections and assumptions for many years into the future for pricing, demand, competition, operating cost and other factors. global oil and natural gas commodity prices, particularly crude oil, have declined substantially as compared to the peak of pricing in mid-2014 and remain volatile. decreases in commodity prices have previously had, and could continue to have, a negative impact on the demand for our services and our market capitalization.
should energy industry conditions deteriorate, there is a possibility that long-lived assets may be impaired in a future period. any additional impairment charges that we may take in the future could be material to our financial statements. we cannot accurately predict the amount and timing of any impairment of long-lived assets. for a further discussion of our asset impairments, see note 6 - property, plant and equipment and intangible assets of the "consolidated financial statements" included in this annual report.
we are exposed to credit risks of our customers, and any material nonpayment or nonperformance by our key customers could adversely affect our cash flow and results of operations.
many of our customers may experience financial problems that could have a significant effect on their creditworthiness, especially in a depressed commodity price environment. a decline in natural gas, ngl and crude oil prices may adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations, creditworthiness, cash flows and prospects of some of our customers. severe financial problems encountered by our customers could limit our ability to collect amounts owed to us, or to enforce performance of obligations under contractual arrangements. in addition, many of our customers finance their activities through cash flow from operations, the incurrence of debt or the issuance of equity. the combination of reduction of cash flow resulting from a decline in commodity prices, a reduction in borrowing bases under reserve-based credit facilities and the lack of availability of debt or equity financing may result in a significant reduction of our customers' liquidity and limit their ability to make payment or perform on their obligations to us. additionally, a decline in the share price of some of our public customers may place them in danger of becoming delisted from a public securities exchange, limiting their access to the public capital markets and further restricting their liquidity. furthermore, some of our customers may be highly leveraged and subject to their own operating and regulatory risks, which increases the risk that they may default on their obligations to us. to the extent one or more of our key customers is in financial distress or commences bankruptcy proceedings, contracts with these customers may be subject to renegotiation or rejection under applicable provisions of the united states bankruptcy code. financial problems experienced by our customers could result in the impairment of our assets, reduction of our operating cash flows and may also reduce or curtail their future use of our products and services, which could reduce our revenues. any material nonpayment or nonperformance by our key customers or our derivative counterparties could reduce our ability to pay cash dividends to our stockholders.
because of the natural decline in production in our operating regions and in other regions from which we source ngl supplies, our long-term success depends on our ability to obtain new sources of supplies of natural gas, ngls and crude oil, which depends on certain factors beyond our control. any decrease in supplies of natural gas, ngls or crude oil could adversely affect our business and operating results.
our gathering systems are connected to crude oil and natural gas wells from which production will naturally decline over time, which means that the cash flows associated with these sources of natural gas and crude oil will likely also decline over time. our logistics assets are similarly impacted by declines in ngl supplies in the regions in which we operate as well as other regions from which we source ngls. to maintain or increase throughput levels on our gathering systems and the utilization rate at our processing plants and our treating and fractionation facilities, we must continually obtain new natural gas, ngl and crude oil supplies. a material decrease in natural gas or crude oil production from producing areas on which we rely, as a result of depressed commodity prices or otherwise, could result in a decline in the volume of natural gas or crude oil that we process, ngl products delivered to our fractionation facilities or crude oil that we gather. our ability to obtain additional sources of natural gas, ngls and crude oil depends, in part, on the level of successful drilling and production activity near our gathering systems and, in part, on the level of successful drilling and production in other areas from which we source ngl and crude oil supplies. we have no control over the level of such activity in the areas of our operations, the amount of reserves associated with the wells or the rate at which production from a well will decline. in addition, we have no control over producers or their drilling, completion or production decisions, which are affected by, among other things, prevailing and projected energy prices, demand for hydrocarbons, the level of reserves, geological considerations, governmental regulations, the availability of drilling rigs, other production and development costs and the availability and cost of capital.
fluctuations in energy prices can greatly affect production rates and investments by third parties in the development of new oil and natural gas reserves. drilling and production activity generally decreases as crude oil and natural gas prices decrease. prices of crude oil and natural gas have been historically volatile, and we expect this volatility to continue. consequently, even if new natural gas or crude oil reserves are discovered in areas served by our assets, producers may choose not to develop those reserves. for example, current low prices for natural gas combined with relatively high levels of natural gas in storage could result in curtailment or shut-in of natural gas production. reductions in exploration and production activity, competitor actions or shut-ins by producers in the areas in which we operate may prevent us from obtaining supplies of natural gas or crude oil to replace the natural decline in volumes from existing wells, which could result in reduced volumes through our facilities and reduced utilization of our gathering, treating, processing and fractionation assets.
if we do not make acquisitions or develop growth projects for expanding existing assets or constructing new midstream assets on economically acceptable terms, or fail to efficiently and effectively integrate acquired or developed assets with our asset base, our future growth will be limited. in addition, any acquisitions we complete are subject to substantial risks that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and reduce our ability to pay dividends to stockholders. in addition, we may not achieve the expected results of any acquisitions and any adverse conditions or developments related to such acquisitions may have a negative impact on our operations and financial condition.
our ability to grow depends, in part, on our ability to make acquisitions or develop growth projects that result in an increase in cash generated from operations. we will need to focus on third-party acquisitions and organic growth. if we are unable to make accretive acquisitions or develop accretive growth projects because we are (1) unable to identify attractive acquisition candidates and negotiate acceptable acquisition agreements or develop growth projects economically, (2) unable to obtain financing for these acquisitions or projects on economically acceptable terms, or (3) unable to compete successfully for acquisitions or growth projects, then our future growth and ability to increase dividends will be limited.
any acquisition or growth project involves potential risks, including, among other things:
•   difficulties in the assimilation of the assets and operations of the acquired businesses or growth projects, especially if the assets acquired are in a new business segment and/or geographic area;
•   the risk that crude oil and natural gas reserves expected to support the acquired assets may not be of the anticipated magnitude or may not be developed as anticipated;
•   the failure to realize expected volumes, revenues, profitability or growth;
•   coordinating geographically disparate organizations, systems and facilities;
•   the assumption of environmental and other unknown liabilities;
•   limitations on rights to indemnity from the seller in an acquisition or the contractors and suppliers in growth projects;
•   the failure to attain or maintain compliance with environmental and other governmental regulations;
•   inaccurate assumptions about the overall costs of equity or debt;
•   the diversion of management's and employees' attention from other business concerns;
•   challenges associated with joint venture relationships and minority investments, including dependence on joint venture partners, controlling shareholders or management who may have business interests, strategies or goals that are inconsistent with ours; and
•   customer or key employee losses at the acquired businesses or to a competitor.
if these risks materialize, any acquired assets or growth project may inhibit our growth, fail to deliver expected benefits and/or add further unexpected costs. challenges may arise whenever businesses with different operations or management are combined, and we may experience unanticipated delays in realizing the benefits of an acquisition or growth project. if we consummate any future acquisition or growth project, our capitalization and results of operations may change significantly and you may not have the opportunity to evaluate the economic, financial and other relevant information that we will consider in evaluating future acquisitions or growth projects.
our acquisition and growth strategy is based, in part, on our expectation of ongoing divestitures of energy assets by industry participants and new opportunities created by industry expansion. a material decrease in such divestitures or in opportunities for economic commercial expansion would limit our opportunities for future acquisitions or growth projects and could adversely affect our operations and cash flows available to pay cash dividends to our stockholders.
acquisitions may significantly increase our size and diversify the geographic areas in which we operate and growth projects may increase our concentration in a line of business or geographic region. we may not achieve the desired effect from any future acquisitions or growth projects.
our expansion or modification of existing assets or the construction of new assets may not result in revenue increases and is subject to regulatory, environmental, political, legal and economic risks, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
the construction of additions or modifications to our existing systems and the construction of new midstream assets involve numerous regulatory, environmental, political and legal uncertainties beyond our control and may require the expenditure of significant amounts of capital. if we undertake these projects, they may not be completed on schedule, at the budgeted cost or at all. for example, the construction of additional systems may be delayed or require greater capital investment if the commodity prices of certain supplies, such as steel pipe, increase due to imposed tariffs. moreover, our revenues may not increase immediately upon the expenditure of funds on a particular project. for instance, if we build a new pipeline, fractionation facility or gas processing plant, the construction may occur over an extended period of time and we will not receive any material increases in revenues until the project is completed. moreover, we may construct pipelines or facilities to capture anticipated future growth in production in a region in which such growth does not materialize. since we are not engaged in the exploration for and development of natural gas and oil reserves, we do not possess reserve expertise and we often do not have access to third-party estimates of potential reserves in an area prior to constructing pipelines or facilities in such area. to the extent we rely on estimates of future production in any decision to construct additions to our systems, such estimates may prove to be inaccurate because there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of future production. as a result, new pipelines or facilities may not be able to attract enough throughput to achieve our expected investment return, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. in addition, the construction of additions to our existing gathering and transportation assets may require us to obtain new rights of way prior to constructing new pipelines. we may be unable to obtain or renew such rights of way to connect new natural gas and crude oil supplies to our existing gathering lines or capitalize on other attractive expansion opportunities. additionally, it may become more expensive for us to obtain new rights of way or to renew existing rights of way. if the cost of renewing or obtaining new rights of way increases, our cash flows could be adversely affected.
our acquisition and growth strategy requires access to new capital. tightened capital markets or increased competition for investment opportunities could impair our ability to grow through acquisitions or growth projects.
we continuously consider and enter into discussions regarding potential acquisitions and growth projects. any limitations on our access to capital will impair our ability to execute this strategy. if the cost of such capital becomes too expensive, our ability to develop or acquire strategic and accretive assets will be limited. we may not be able to raise the necessary funds on satisfactory terms, if at all. the primary factors that influence our initial cost of equity include market conditions, fees we pay to underwriters and other offering costs, which include amounts we pay for legal and accounting services. the primary factors influencing our cost of borrowing include interest rates, credit spreads, covenants, underwriting or loan origination fees and similar charges we pay to lenders. these factors may impair our ability to execute our acquisition and growth strategy.
in addition, we are experiencing increased competition for the types of assets we contemplate purchasing or developing. current economic conditions and competition for asset purchases and development opportunities could limit our ability to fully execute our acquisition and growth strategy.
if we lose any of our named executive officers, our business may be adversely affected.
our success is dependent upon the efforts of our named executive officers. our named executive officers are responsible for executing our business strategies. there is substantial competition for qualified personnel in the midstream oil and gas industry. we may not be able to retain our existing named executive officers or fill new positions or vacancies created by expansion or turnover. we have not entered into employment agreements with any of our named executive officers. in addition, we do not maintain "key man" life insurance on the lives of any of our named executive officers. a loss of one or more of our named executive officers could harm our business and prevent us from implementing our business strategies.
we operate in areas of high industry activity, which may affect our ability to hire, train or retain qualified personnel needed to manage and operate our business.
we operate in areas in which industry activity has increased rapidly. as a result, demand for qualified personnel in these areas, particularly those related to our permian and badlands assets, and the cost to attract and retain such personnel, has increased over the past few years due to competition, and may increase substantially in the future. moreover, our competitors may be able to offer better compensation packages to attract and retain qualified personnel than we are able to offer.
any delay or inability to secure the personnel necessary for us to continue or complete our current and planned development projects, or any significant increases in costs with respect to the hiring, training or retention of qualified personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. in addition, potential changes in accounting standards might cause us to revise our financial results and disclosure in the future.
effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide timely and reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. if we cannot provide timely and reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our reputation and operating results would be harmed. we continue to enhance our internal controls and financial reporting capabilities. these enhancements require a significant commitment of resources, personnel and the development and maintenance of formalized internal reporting procedures to ensure the reliability of our financial reporting. our efforts to update and maintain our internal controls may not be successful, and we may be unable to maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting now or in the future, including future compliance with the obligations under section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002.
any failure to maintain effective controls or difficulties encountered in the effective improvement of our internal controls could prevent us from timely and reliably reporting our financial results and may harm our operating results. ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information. in addition, the financial accounting standards board or the sec could enact new accounting standards that might impact how we are required to record revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. any significant change in accounting standards or disclosure requirements could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to comply with our debt obligations.
if we fail to balance our purchases and sales of the commodities we handle, our exposure to commodity price risk will increase.
we may not be successful in balancing our purchases and sales of the commodities we handle. in addition, a producer could fail to deliver promised volumes to us or deliver in excess of contracted volumes, or a purchaser could purchase less than contracted volumes. any of these actions could cause an imbalance between our purchases and sales. if our purchases and sales are not balanced, we will face increased exposure to commodity price risks and could have increased volatility in our operating income.
our hedging activities may not be effective in reducing the variability of our cash flows and may, in certain circumstances, increase the variability of our cash flows. moreover, our hedges may not fully protect us against volatility in basis differentials. finally, the percentage of our expected equity commodity volumes that are hedged decreases substantially over time.
we have entered into derivative transactions related to only a portion of our equity volumes, future commodity purchases and sales, and transportation basis risk. as a result, we will continue to have direct commodity price risk to the unhedged portion. our actual future volumes may be significantly higher or lower than we estimated at the time we entered into the derivative transactions for that period. if the actual amount is higher than we estimated, we will have greater commodity price risk than we intended. if the actual amount is lower than the amount that is subject to our derivative financial instruments, we might be forced to satisfy all or a portion of our derivative transactions without the benefit of the cash flow from our sale of the underlying physical commodity. the percentages of our expected equity volumes that are covered by our hedges decrease over time. to the extent we hedge our commodity price risk, we may forego the benefits we would otherwise experience if commodity prices were to change in our favor. the derivative instruments we utilize for these hedges are based on posted market prices, which may be higher or lower than the actual natural gas, ngl and condensate prices that we realize in our operations. these pricing differentials may be substantial and could materially impact the prices we ultimately realize. market and economic conditions may adversely affect our hedge counterparties' ability to meet their obligations. given volatility in the financial and commodity markets, we may experience defaults by our hedge counterparties. in addition, our exchange traded futures are subject to margin requirements, which creates variability in our cash flows as commodity prices fluctuate.
as a result of these and other factors, our hedging activities may not be as effective as we intend in reducing the variability of our cash flows, and in certain circumstances may actually increase the variability of our cash flows. see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
if third-party pipelines and other facilities interconnected to our natural gas and crude oil gathering systems, terminals and processing facilities become partially or fully unavailable to transport natural gas, ngls and crude oil, our revenues could be adversely affected.
we depend upon third-party pipelines, storage and other facilities that provide delivery options to and from our gathering and processing facilities. since we do not own or operate these pipelines or other facilities, their continuing operation in their current manner is not within our control. if any of these third-party facilities become partially or fully unavailable, or if the quality specifications for their facilities change so as to restrict our ability to utilize them, our revenues could be adversely affected.
our industry is highly competitive, and increased competitive pressure could adversely affect our business and operating results.
we compete with similar enterprises in our respective areas of operation. some of our competitors are large crude oil, natural gas and ngl companies that have greater financial resources and access to supplies of natural gas, ngls and crude oil than we do. some of these competitors may expand or construct gathering, processing, storage, terminaling and transportation systems that would create additional competition for the services we provide to our customers. in addition, customers who are significant producers of natural gas may develop their own gathering, processing, storage, terminaling and transportation systems in lieu of using those operated by us. our ability to renew or replace existing contracts with our customers at rates sufficient to maintain current revenues and cash flows could be adversely affected by the activities of our competitors and our customers. all of these competitive pressures could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we typically do not obtain independent evaluations of natural gas or crude oil reserves dedicated to our gathering pipeline systems; therefore, supply volumes on our systems in the future could be less than we anticipate.
we typically do not obtain independent evaluations of natural gas or crude oil reserves connected to our gathering systems due to the unwillingness of producers to provide reserve information as well as the cost of such evaluations. accordingly, we do not have independent estimates of total reserves dedicated to our gathering systems or the anticipated life of such reserves. if the total reserves or estimated life of the reserves connected to our gathering systems is less than we anticipate and we are unable to secure additional sources of supply, then the volumes of natural gas or crude oil transported on our gathering systems in the future could be less than we anticipate. a decline in the volumes on our systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
a reduction in demand for ngl products by the petrochemical, refining or other industries or by the fuel or export markets, or a significant increase in ngl product supply relative to this demand, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the ngl products we produce have a variety of applications, including as heating fuels, petrochemical feedstocks and refining blend stocks. a reduction in demand for ngl products, whether because of general or industry-specific economic conditions, new government regulations, global competition, reduced demand by consumers for products made with ngl products (for example, reduced petrochemical demand observed due to lower activity in the automobile and construction industries), reduced demand for propane or butane exports whether for price or other reasons, increased competition from petroleum-based feedstocks due to pricing differences, mild winter weather for some ngl applications or other reasons, could result in a decline in the volume of ngl products we handle or reduce the fees we charge for our services. also, increased supply of ngl products could reduce the value of ngls handled by us and reduce the margins realized. our ngl products and their demand are affected as follows:
ethane. ethane is typically supplied as purity ethane and as part of an ethane-propane mix. ethane is primarily used in the petrochemical industry as feedstock for ethylene, one of the basic building blocks for a wide range of plastics and other chemical products. although ethane is typically extracted as part of the mixed ngl stream at gas processing plants, if natural gas prices increase significantly in relation to ngl product prices or if the demand for ethylene falls, it may be more profitable for natural gas processors to leave the ethane in the natural gas stream, thereby reducing the volume of ngls delivered for fractionation and marketing.
propane. propane is used as a petrochemical feedstock in the production of ethylene and propylene, as a heating, engine and industrial fuel, and in agricultural applications such as crop drying. changes in demand for ethylene and propylene could adversely affect demand for propane. the demand for propane as a heating fuel is significantly affected by weather conditions. the volume of propane sold is increasingly driven by international exports supplying a growing global demand for the product. domestically in the u.s., propane is at its highest during the six-month peak heating season of october through march. demand for our propane may be reduced during periods of slow global economic growth and warmer-than-normal weather.
normal butane. normal butane is used in the production of isobutane, as a refined petroleum product blending component, as a fuel gas (either alone or in a mixture with propane) and in the production of ethylene and propylene. changes in the composition of refined petroleum products resulting from governmental regulation, changes in feedstocks, products and economics, and demand for heating fuel, ethylene and propylene could adversely affect demand for normal butane. the volume of butane sold is increasingly driven by international exports supplying a growing demand for the product.
isobutane. isobutane is predominantly used in refineries to produce alkylates to enhance octane levels. accordingly, any action that reduces demand for motor gasoline or demand for isobutane to produce alkylates for octane enhancement might reduce demand for isobutane.
natural gasoline. natural gasoline is used as a blending component for certain refined petroleum products and as a feedstock used in the production of ethylene and propylene. changes in the mandated composition of motor gasoline resulting from governmental regulation, and in demand for ethylene and propylene, could adversely affect demand for natural gasoline.
ngls and products produced from ngls also compete with products from global markets. any reduced demand or increased supply for ethane, propane, normal butane, isobutane or natural gasoline in the markets we access for any of the reasons stated above could adversely affect both demand for the services we provide and ngl prices, which could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.
the duties of our officers and directors may conflict with those owed to the partnership.
substantially all of our officers and all the members of our board of directors are officers and/or directors of the general partner of the partnership and, as a result, have separate duties that govern their management of the partnership's business. these officers and directors may encounter situations in which their obligations to us, on the one hand, and the partnership, on the other hand, are in conflict. the resolution of these conflicts may not always be in our best interest or that of our stockholders. for a discussion of our officers and directors that will serve in the same capacity for the general partner and the amount of time we expect them to devote to our business, please read "management."
our series a preferred stock ("preferred shares") gives the holders thereof liquidation and distribution preferences, certain rights relating to our business and management, and the ability to convert such shares into our common stock, potentially causing dilution to our common stockholders.
in march 2016, we issued 965,100 preferred shares, which rank senior to the common stock with respect to distribution rights and rights upon liquidation. subject to certain exceptions, so long as any preferred shares remain outstanding, we may not declare any dividend or distribution on our common stock unless all accumulated and unpaid dividends have been declared and paid on the preferred shares. in the event of our liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, the holders of the preferred shares would have the right to receive proceeds from any such transaction before the holders of the common stock. the payment of the liquidation preference could result in common stockholders not receiving any consideration if we were to liquidate, dissolve or wind up, either voluntarily or involuntarily. additionally, the existence of the liquidation preference may reduce the value of the common stock, make it harder for us to sell shares of common stock in offerings in the future, or prevent or delay a change of control.
the certificate of designations governing the preferred shares provides the holders of the preferred shares with the right to vote, under certain conditions, on an as-converted basis with our common stockholders on matters submitted to a stockholder vote. the holders of the preferred shares do not currently have such right to vote. also, so long as any preferred shares are outstanding, subject to certain exceptions, the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding preferred shares, voting together as a separate class, will be necessary for effecting or validating, among other things: (i) any issuance of stock senior to the preferred shares, (ii) any issuance or increase by any of our consolidated subsidiaries of any issued or authorized amount of, any specific class or series of securities, (iii) any issuance by us of parity stock, subject to certain exceptions and (iv) any incurrence of indebtedness by us and our consolidated subsidiaries for borrowed monies, other than under our existing credit agreement and the partnership's existing credit agreement (or replacement commercial bank credit facilities) in an aggregate amount up to $2.75 billion, or indebtedness that complies with a specified fixed charge coverage ratio. these restrictions may adversely affect our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities.
furthermore, the conversion of the preferred shares into common stock twelve years after the issuance of the preferred shares, pursuant to the terms of the certificate of designations, may cause substantial dilution to holders of the common stock. because our board of directors is entitled to designate the powers and preferences of preferred stock without a vote of our shareholders, subject to nyse rules and regulations, our shareholders will have no control over what designations and preferences our future preferred stock, if any, will have.
the tax treatment of the partnership depends on its status as a partnership for u.s. federal income tax purposes as well as it not being subject to a material amount of entity-level taxation by individual states. if, upon an audit of the partnership, the irs were to treat the partnership as a corporation for u.s. federal income tax purposes now or with respect to a prior tax period, or the partnership becomes subject to a material amount of entity-level taxation for state tax purposes, then its cash available for distribution to us would be substantially reduced.
a publicly traded partnership such as the partnership may be treated as a corporation for u.s. federal income tax purposes unless it satisfies the "qualifying income" requirement within section 7704(d)(1)(e) of the internal revenue code. based on the partnership's current operations and current treasury regulations, we believe that the partnership satisfies the qualifying income requirement and will be treated as a partnership. failing to meet the qualifying income requirement or a change in current law could cause the partnership to be treated as a corporation for u.s. federal income tax purposes or otherwise subject the partnership to taxation as an entity. the partnership has not requested, and does not plan to request, a ruling from the irs with respect to its treatment as a partnership for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
if the partnership were treated as a corporation for u.s. federal income tax purposes, it would pay u.s. federal income tax on its taxable income at the corporate tax rate, which is 21% for tax years beginning after december 31, 2017, and would likely pay state income tax at varying rates. distributions from the partnership would generally be taxed again as corporate distributions and no income, gains, losses or deductions would flow through to us. if such tax were imposed upon the partnership as a corporation now or with respect to a prior tax period, its cash available for distribution would be substantially reduced. therefore, treatment of the partnership as a corporation would result in a material reduction in the anticipated cash flow and after-tax return to us and could cause a substantial reduction in the value of our shares.
at the state level, because of widespread state budget deficits and other reasons, several states are evaluating ways to subject partnerships to entity-level taxation through the imposition of state income and franchise taxes and other forms of taxation. for example, the partnership is subject to the texas franchise tax at a maximum effective rate of 0.75% of its gross income apportioned to texas in the prior year. imposition of any similar tax on the partnership by additional states would further reduce the cash available for distribution to us.
the tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships or our investment in the partnership could be subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative changes and differing interpretations, possibly applied on a retroactive basis.
the present u.s. federal income tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships, including the partnership, or an investment in the partnership, may be modified by administrative, legislative or judicial changes or differing interpretations at any time. from time to time, members of congress propose and consider such substantive changes to the existing u.s. federal income tax laws that would affect publicly traded partnerships, including elimination of partnership tax treatment for certain publicly traded partnerships. for example, the "clean energy for america act," which is similar to legislation that was commonly proposed during the obama administration, was introduced in the u.s. senate on may 2, 2019. if enacted, this proposal would, among other things, repeal the qualifying income exception within section 7704(d)(1)(e) of the internal revenue code upon which the partnership relies for treatment as a partnership for u.s. federal income tax purposes. in addition, the treasury department has issued, and in the future may issue, regulations interpreting those laws that affect publicly traded partnerships. there can be no assurance that there will not be further changes to u.s. federal income tax laws or the treasury department's interpretation of the qualifying income rules in a manner that could impact the partnership's ability to qualify as a partnership for u.s. federal income tax purposes in the future.
any modification to the u.s. federal income tax laws and interpretations thereof may be applied retroactively and could make it more difficult or impossible for the partnership to meet the exception for certain publicly traded partnerships to be treated as partnerships for u.s. federal income tax purposes. we are unable to predict whether any of these changes or other proposals will ultimately be enacted. any such future changes could negatively impact the value of our shares. you are urged to consult with your own tax advisor with respect to the status of regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on your investment in our shares.
we do not own most of the land on which our pipelines, terminals and compression facilities are located, which could disrupt our operations.
we do not own most of the land on which our pipelines, terminals and compression facilities are located, and we are therefore subject to the possibility of more onerous terms and/or increased costs to retain necessary land use if we do not have valid rights of way or leases or if such rights of way or leases lapse or terminate. we sometimes obtain the rights to land owned by third parties and governmental agencies for a specific period of time. additionally, the federal tenth circuit court of appeals has held that tribal ownership of even a very small fractional interest in an allotted land, that is, tribal land owned or at one time owned by an individual indian landowner, bars condemnation of any interest in the allotment. consequently, the inability to condemn such allotted lands under circumstances where an existing pipeline rights of way may soon lapse or terminate serves as an additional impediment for pipeline operators. we cannot guarantee that we will always be able to renew existing rights of way or obtain new rights of way without experiencing significant costs. any loss of rights with respect to our real property, through our inability to renew rights of way contracts or leases, or otherwise, could cause us to cease operations on the affected land, increase costs related to continuing operations elsewhere and reduce our revenue.
we may be unable to cause our majority-owned joint ventures to take or not to take certain actions unless some or all of our joint venture participants agree and certain of our joint venture partners may fail or refuse to fund their respective portions of capital projects that we believe are necessary to expand or maintain such joint venture's business.
we participate in several majority-owned joint ventures whose corporate governance structures require at least a majority in interest vote to authorize many basic activities and require a greater voting interest (sometimes up to 100%) to authorize more significant activities. examples of these more significant activities include, among others, large expenditures or contractual commitments, the construction or acquisition of assets, borrowing money or otherwise raising capital, making distributions, transactions with affiliates of a joint venture participant, litigation and transactions not in the ordinary course of business. without the concurrence of joint venture participants with enough voting interests, we may be unable to cause any of our joint ventures to take or not take certain actions, even though taking or preventing those actions may be in our best interests or the particular joint venture.
certain of our joint venture partners may fail, refuse or elect not to fund their respective portions of capital projects that we believe are necessary to effectively expand or maintain such joint venture's business. such failure or election not to fund may impact the operations of the joint venture and may increase the capital that could be required from us if we were to fund such projects without the full participation of our joint venture partners. we may not achieve an acceptable rate of return for any such additional expenditures.
in addition, subject to certain conditions, any joint venture owner may sell, transfer or otherwise modify its ownership interest in a joint venture, whether in a transaction involving third parties or the other joint owners. any such transaction could result in our partnering with different or additional parties.
we may operate a portion of our business with one or more joint venture partners where we own a minority interest and/or are not the operator, which may restrict our operational and corporate flexibility. actions taken by the other partner or third-party operator may materially impact our financial position and results of operations, and we may not realize the benefits we expect to realize from a joint venture.
as is common in the midstream industry, we may operate one or more of our properties with one or more joint venture partners where we own a minority interest and/or contract with a third party to control operations. these relationships could require us to share operational and other control, such that we may no longer have the flexibility to control completely the development of these properties. if we do not timely meet our financial commitments in such circumstances, our rights to participate may be adversely affected. if a joint venture partner is unable or fails to pay its portion of development costs or if a third-party operator does not operate in accordance with our expectations, our costs of operations could be increased. we could also incur liability as a result of actions taken by a joint venture partner or third-party operator. disputes between us and the other party may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses, delay or terminate projects and distract our officers and directors from focusing their time and effort on our business.
weather may limit our ability to operate our business and could adversely affect our operating results.
the weather in the areas in which we operate can cause disruptions and in some cases suspension of our operations and development activities. for example, unseasonably wet weather, extended periods of below freezing weather, or hurricanes may cause a loss of throughput from temporary cessation of activities or lost or damaged equipment. our planning for normal climatic variation, insurance programs and emergency recovery plans may inadequately mitigate the effects of such weather conditions, and not all such effects can be predicted, eliminated or insured against. some forecasters expect that potential climate changes may have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and other climatic events and could have an adverse effect on our operations. any unusual or prolonged severe weather or increased frequency thereof, such as freezing rain, earthquakes, hurricanes, droughts, or floods in our or our oil and gas exploration and production customers' areas of operations or markets, whether due to climate change or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
rising sea levels, subsidence and erosion could damage our pipelines and the facilities that serve our customers, particularly along the gulf coast and offshore, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our operations along the gulf coast and offshore could be impacted by rising sea levels, subsidence and erosion. subsidence issues are also a concern for our pipelines at major river crossings. rising sea levels, subsidence and erosion could cause serious damage to our pipelines and other facilities, which could affect our ability to provide services or result in leakage, migration, releases or spills from our operations to surface or subsurface soils, surface water, groundwater or to the gulf of mexico, which could result in liability, remedial obligations and/or otherwise have a negative impact on continued operations. additionally, such rising sea levels, subsidence and erosion processes could impact our oil and gas exploration and production customers who operate along the gulf coast, and they may be unable to utilize our services. rising sea levels, subsidence and erosion could also expose our operations to increased risks associated with severe weather conditions and other adverse events and conditions, such as hurricanes and flooding. as a result, we may incur significant costs to repair and preserve our pipeline infrastructure and other facilities. such costs could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, local governments and landowners have filed lawsuits in recent years in louisiana against energy companies, alleging that their operations contributed to increased coastal rising seas and erosion and seeking substantial damages.
our business involves many hazards and operational risks, some of which may not be insured or fully covered by insurance. if a significant accident or event occurs for which we are not fully insured, if we fail to recover all anticipated insurance proceeds for significant accidents or events for which we are insured, or if we fail to rebuild facilities damaged by such accidents or events, our operations and financial results could be adversely affected.
our operations are subject to many hazards inherent in gathering, compressing, treating, processing and selling natural gas; storing, fractionating, treating, transporting and selling ngls and ngl products; gathering, storing and terminaling crude oil; and storing and terminaling refined petroleum products, including:
•   inadvertent damage from third parties, including from motor vehicles and construction, farm or utility equipment;
•   leaks of natural gas, ngls, crude oil and other hydrocarbons or losses of natural gas or ngls as a result of the malfunction of equipment or facilities;
•   spills or other unauthorized releases of natural gas, ngls, crude oil, other hydrocarbons or waste materials that contaminate the environment, including soils, surface water and groundwater, and otherwise adversely impact natural resources; and
these risks could result in substantial losses due to personal injury, loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment, and pollution or other environmental or natural resource damage, and may result in delay, curtailment or suspension of our related operations. a natural disaster or other hazard affecting the areas in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our operations. we are not fully insured against all risks inherent to our business. additionally, while we are insured for pollution resulting from environmental accidents that occur on a sudden and accidental basis, we may not be insured against all environmental accidents that might occur, some of which may result in toxic tort claims. if a significant accident or event occurs that is not fully insured, if we fail to recover all anticipated insurance proceeds for significant accidents or events for which we are insured, or if we fail to rebuild facilities damaged by such accidents or events, our operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. in addition, we may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at reasonable rates. as a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain of our insurance policies have increased substantially, and could escalate further. for example, following hurricanes katrina and rita, insurance premiums, deductibles and co-insurance requirements increased substantially, and terms were generally less favorable than terms that could be obtained prior to such hurricanes. insurance market conditions worsened as a result of the losses sustained from hurricanes gustav and ike. as a result, we experienced further increases in deductibles and premiums, and further reductions in coverage and limits, with some coverage unavailable at any cost.
unexpected volume changes due to production variability or to gathering, plant or pipeline system disruptions may increase our exposure to commodity price movements.
we sell processed natural gas at plant tailgates or at pipeline pooling points. sales made to natural gas marketers and end-users may be interrupted by disruptions to volumes anywhere along the system. we attempt to balance sales with volumes supplied from processing operations, but unexpected volume variations due to production variability or to gathering, plant or pipeline system disruptions may expose us to volume imbalances which, in conjunction with movements in commodity prices, could materially impact our income from operations and cash flow.
our operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations and a failure to comply or an accidental release into the environment may cause us to incur significant costs and liabilities.
our operations are subject to numerous federal, tribal, state and local environmental laws and regulations governing occupational health and safety, the discharge of pollutants into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection. these laws and regulations may impose numerous obligations that are applicable to our operations including acquisition of a permit or other approval before conducting regulated activities, restrictions on the types, quantities and concentration of materials that can be released into the environment; limitation or prohibition of construction and operating activities in environmentally sensitive areas such as wetlands, urban areas, wilderness regions and other protected areas; requiring capital expenditures to comply with pollution control requirements, and imposition of substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from our operations. numerous governmental authorities, such as the epa and blm, and analogous state agencies, have the power to enforce compliance with these laws and regulations and the permits and approvals issued under them, which can often require difficult and costly actions. failure to comply with these laws and regulations or any newly adopted laws or regulations may result in assessment of sanctions including administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition of investigatory, remedial and corrective action obligations or the incurrence of capital expenditures; the occurrence of restrictions, delays or cancellations in the permitting or performance of projects, and the issuance of orders enjoining or conditioning performance of some or all of our operations in a particular area. certain environmental laws impose strict, joint and several liability for costs required to clean up and restore sites where hazardous substances, hydrocarbons or waste products have been released, even under circumstances where the substances, hydrocarbons or wastes have been released by a predecessor operator or the activities conducted and from which a release emanated complied with applicable law. moreover, it is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by noise, odor, or the release of hazardous substances, hydrocarbons or wastes into the environment.
the risk of incurring environmental costs and liabilities in connection with our operations is significant due to our handling of natural gas, ngls, crude oil and other petroleum products, because of air emissions and product-related discharges arising out of our operations, and as a result of historical industry operations and waste disposal practices. for example, an accidental release from one of our facilities could subject us to substantial liabilities arising from environmental cleanup and restoration costs, claims made by neighboring landowners and other third parties for personal injury, natural resource and property damages and fines or penalties for related violations of environmental laws or regulations.
moreover, stricter laws, regulations or enforcement policies could significantly increase our operational or compliance costs and the cost of any remediation that may become necessary. for example, in 2015, the epa issued a final rule under the caa, lowering the national ambient air quality standard ("naaqs") for ground-level ozone to 70 parts per billion under both the primary and secondary standards to provide requisite protection of the public health and welfare. since that time, the epa has issued area designations with respect to ground-level ozone and final requirements that apply to state, local and tribal air agencies for implementing the 2015 naaqs for ground-level ozone. also in 2015, the epa and u.s. army corps of engineers ("corps") under the obama administration released a final rule outlining federal jurisdictional reach under the clean water act over waters of the united states, including wetlands. in 2017, the epa and the corps under the trump administration agreed to reconsider the 2015 rule and, thereafter, on october 22, 2019, the agencies published a final rule made effective on december 23, 2019, rescinding the 2015 rule and re-codifying the regulatory text that governed waters of the united states prior to promulgation of the 2015 rule until such time as a final rule re-defining the clean water act's jurisdiction over water of the united states was made effective in replacement of the 2015 rule. on january 23, 2020, the two agencies issued a final rule re-defining such jurisdiction. upon being published in the federal register and the passage of 60 days thereafter, the january 23, 2020 final rule will become effective in replacement of the october 22, 2019 final rule. under the new january 23, 2020 final rule, the epa has narrowed the federal government's jurisdictional permitting authority under the clean water act relative to the 2015 final rule. the 2015 final rule has been the subject of legal challenges by various factions in federal district court and implementation of the 2015 rule has been enjoined in slightly over half of the states pending resolution of the various federal district court challenges. upon the effectiveness of the january 23, 2020 rule, the united states will be covered under a single regulatory scheme as it relates to federal jurisdictional reach over waters of the united states. however, there remains the expectation that the january 23, 2020 final rule also will be legally challenged in federal district court. to the extent that any challenge to the january 23, 2020 final rule is successful and the 2015 rule or a revised rule expands the scope of the clean water act's jurisdiction in areas where we or our customers conduct operations, such developments could delay, restrict or halt the development of projects, result in longer permitting timelines, or increased compliance expenditures or mitigation costs for our and our oil and natural gas customers' operations, which may reduce the rate of production of natural gas or crude oil from operators with whom we have a business relationship and, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows.
we could incur significant costs in complying with stringent occupational safety and health requirements.
we are subject to stringent federal and state laws and regulations, including the federal occupational safety and health act and comparable state statutes, whose purpose is to protect the health and safety of workers, both generally and within the pipeline industry. in addition, the federal occupational safety and health administration's ("osha") hazard communication standard, the epa community right-to-know regulations under title iii of the federal superfund amendment and reauthorization act and comparable state statutes require that information be maintained concerning hazardous materials used or produced in our operations and that this information be provided to employees, state and local government authorities and citizens. we and the entities in which we own an interest are subject to osha process safety management regulations, which are designed to prevent or minimize the consequences of catastrophic releases of toxic, reactive, flammable or explosive chemicals. the regulations apply to any process that (1) involves a listed chemical in a quantity at or above the threshold quantity specified in the regulation for that chemical, or (2) involves certain flammable gases or flammable liquids present on site in one location in a quantity of 10,000 pounds or more. flammable liquids stored in atmospheric tanks below their normal boiling point without the benefit of chilling or refrigeration are exempt. failure to comply with these laws and regulations or any newly adopted laws or regulations may result in assessment of sanctions including administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition of investigatory, remedial and corrective action obligations or the incurrence of capital expenditures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
laws and regulations regarding hydraulic fracturing could result in restrictions, delays or cancellations in drilling and completing new oil and natural gas wells by our customers, which could adversely impact our revenues by decreasing the volumes of natural gas, ngls or crude oil through our facilities and reducing the utilization of our assets.
while we do not conduct hydraulic fracturing, many of our oil and gas exploration and production customers do perform such activities. hydraulic fracturing is a process used by oil and natural gas exploration and production operators in the completion of certain oil and natural gas wells whereby water, sand or alternative proppant, and chemical additives are injected under pressure into subsurface formations to stimulate the flow of certain oil and natural gas, increasing the volumes that may be recovered. the process is typically regulated by state oil and gas commissions, but several federal agencies have asserted regulatory authority over, proposed or promulgated regulations governing, and conducted investigations relating to certain aspects of the process, including the epa. for example, in late 2016, the epa released its final report on the potential impacts of hydraulic fracturing on drinking water resources, concluding that "water cycle" activities associated with hydraulic fracturing may impact drinking water resources under certain circumstances. in addition, congress has from time to time considered the adoption of legislation to provide for federal regulation of hydraulic fracturing. additionally, certain candidates seeking the office of president of the united states in 2020 have pledged to ban hydraulic fracturing of oil and natural gas wells. moreover, some states have adopted, and others are considering adopting, legal requirements that could impose more stringent permitting, disclosure or well construction requirements on hydraulic fracturing activities, assess more taxes, fees or royalties on natural gas production, or otherwise limit the use of the technique. for example, in april 2019, the governor of colorado signed senate bill 19-181 into law, which legislation, among other things, revises the mission of the state oil and gas agency from fostering energy development in the state to instead focusing on regulating the industry in a manner that is protective of public health and safety and the environment, as well as authorizing cities and counties to regulate oil and natural gas operations within their jurisdiction as they do other developments. states could elect to prohibit hydraulic fracturing or high volume hydraulic fracturing altogether, following the approach taken by states of vermont, maryland, and new york. local governments may also seek to adopt ordinances within their jurisdictions regulating the time, place and manner of drilling activities in general or hydraulic fracturing activities in particular. additionally, non-governmental organizations may seek to restrict hydraulic fracturing; notwithstanding the adoption of colorado senate bill 19-181 in 2019, one or more interest groups in the state have already filed new ballot initiatives with the state in january 2020, in hopes of extending drilling setbacks from oil and natural gas development. new or more stringent laws, regulations or regulatory or ballot initiatives relating to the hydraulic fracturing process could lead to our customers reducing crude oil and natural gas drilling activities using hydraulic fracturing techniques, while increased public opposition to activities using such techniques may result in operational delays, restrictions, cessations, or increased litigation. any one or more of such developments could reduce demand for our gathering, processing and fractionation services and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
a change in the jurisdictional characterization of some of our assets by federal, state, tribal or local regulatory agencies or a change in policy by those agencies may result in increased regulation of our assets, which may cause our revenues to decline and operating expenses to increase or delay or increase the cost of expansion projects.
with the exception of the driver residue pipeline, tpl southtex transmission pipeline and tarzan 311 residue line, which are each subject to limited ferc regulation under either the nga or ngpa, our natural gas pipeline operations are generally exempt from ferc regulation, but ferc regulation still affects our non-ferc jurisdictional businesses and the markets for products derived from these businesses, including certain ferc reporting and posting requirements in a given year. we believe that the natural gas pipelines in our gathering systems meet the traditional tests ferc has used to establish a pipeline's status as a gatherer not subject to regulation as a natural gas company. however, the distinction between ferc-regulated transmission services and federally unregulated gathering services is the subject of substantial, ongoing litigation, so the classification and regulation of our gathering facilities are subject to change based on future determinations by ferc, the courts or congress. we also operate natural gas pipelines that extend from some of our processing plants to interconnections with both intrastate and interstate natural gas pipelines. those facilities, known in the industry as "plant tailgate" pipelines, typically operate at transmission pressure levels and may transport "pipeline quality" natural gas. because our plant tailgate pipelines are relatively short, we treat them as "stub" lines, which are exempt from ferc's jurisdiction under the natural gas act.
targa ngl and grand prix joint venture have pipelines that are considered common carrier pipelines subject to regulation by ferc under ica. the ica requires that we maintain tariffs on file with ferc for each of the targa ngl and grand prix joint venture pipelines that have not been granted a waiver. those tariffs set forth the rates we charge for providing transportation services as well as the rules and regulations governing these services. the ica requires, among other things, that rates on interstate common carrier pipelines be "just and reasonable" and non-discriminatory. with respect to pipelines that have been granted a waiver of the ica and related regulations by ferc, should a particular pipeline's circumstances change, ferc could, either at the request of other entities or on its own initiative, assert that such pipeline no longer qualifies for a waiver. in the event that ferc were to determine that one or more of these pipelines no longer qualified for a waiver, we would likely be required to file a tariff with ferc for the applicable pipeline(s), provide a cost justification for the transportation charge, and provide service to all potential shippers without undue discrimination. such a change in the jurisdictional status of transportation on these pipelines could adversely affect our results of operations.
in addition, the courts have determined that certain pipelines that would otherwise be subject to the ica are exempt from regulation by ferc under the ica as proprietary lines. the classification of a line as a proprietary line is a fact-based determination subject to ferc and court review. accordingly, the classification and regulation of some of our gathering facilities and transportation pipelines may be subject to change based on future determinations by ferc, the courts or congress, in which case, our operating costs could increase and we could be subject to enforcement actions under the ep act of 2005.
various federal agencies within the u.s. department of the interior, particularly the blm, office of natural resources revenue (formerly the minerals management service) and the bureau of indian affairs, along with the three affiliated tribes, promulgate and enforce regulations pertaining to operations on the fort berthold indian reservation, on which we operate a significant portion of our badlands gathering and processing assets. the three affiliated tribes is a sovereign nation having the right to enforce certain laws and regulations independent from federal, state and local statutes and regulations. these tribal laws and regulations include various taxes, fees and other conditions that apply to lessees, operators and contractors conducting operations on native american tribal lands. lessees and operators conducting operations on tribal lands can generally be subject to the native american tribal court system. one or more of these factors may increase our costs of doing business on the fort berthold indian reservation and may have an adverse impact on our ability to effectively transport products within the fort berthold indian reservation or to conduct our operations on such lands.
other ferc regulations may indirectly impact our businesses and the markets for products derived from these businesses. ferc's policies and practices across the range of its natural gas regulatory activities, including, for example, its policies on open access transportation, gas quality, ratemaking, capacity release and market center promotion, may indirectly affect the intrastate natural gas market. in recent years, ferc has pursued pro-competitive policies in its regulation of interstate natural gas pipelines. however, we cannot assure you that ferc will continue this approach as it considers matters such as pipeline rates and rules and policies that may affect rights of access to transportation capacity. for more information regarding the regulation of our operations, see "item 1. business-regulation of operations."
should we fail to comply with all applicable ferc-administered statutes, rules, regulations and orders, we could be subject to substantial penalties and fines.
under the ep act of 2005, ferc has civil penalty authority under the nga and ngpa to impose penalties for violations of the nga or ngpa, respectively, up to approximately $1.29 million (adjusted annually for inflation) per day for each violation and disgorgement of profits associated with any violation. while our systems other than the driver residue pipeline, tpl southtex transmission pipeline and tarzan 311 residue line, have not been regulated by ferc under the nga or ngpa, ferc has adopted regulations that may subject certain of our otherwise non-ferc jurisdictional facilities to ferc annual reporting and daily scheduled flow and capacity posting requirements. additional rules and legislation pertaining to those and other matters may be considered or adopted by ferc from time to time. failure to comply with those regulations in the future could subject us to civil penalty liability. in addition, ferc has civil penalty authority under the ica to impose penalties for violations under the ica of up to approximately $13,500 per violation per day, and failure to comply with the ica and regulations implementing the ica could subject us to civil penalty liability. for more information regarding regulation of our operations, see "item 1. business-regulation of operations."
our and our customers' operations are subject to a number of risks arising out of the threat of climate change (including legislation or regulation to address climate change) that could result in increased operating costs, limit the areas in which oil and natural gas production may occur, and reduce demand for the products and services we provide.
the threat of climate change continues to attract considerable attention in the united states and in foreign countries. as a result, numerous proposals have been made and could continue to be made at the international, national, regional and state levels of government to monitor and limit existing emissions of ghgs as well as to restrict or eliminate such future emissions. as a result, our operations as well as the operations of our oil and natural gas exploration and production customers are subject to a series of regulatory, political, litigation, and financial risks associated with the production and processing of fossil fuels and emission of ghgs.
in the united states, no comprehensive climate change legislation has been implemented at the federal level. however, because the u.s. supreme court has held that ghg emissions constitute a pollutant under the caa, the epa has adopted rules that, among other things, establish construction and operating permit reviews for ghg emissions from certain large stationary sources, require the monitoring and annual reporting of ghg emissions from certain petroleum and natural gas system sources, implement new source performance standards directing the reduction of methane from certain new, modified, or reconstructed facilities in the oil and natural gas sector, and together with the dot, implement ghg emissions limits on vehicles manufactured for operation in the united states. additionally, various states and groups of states have adopted or are considering adopting legislation, regulations or other regulatory initiatives that are focused on such areas as ghg cap and trade programs, carbon taxes, reporting and tracking programs, and restriction of emissions. at the international level, there exists the united nations-sponsored "paris agreement," which is a non-binding agreement for nations to limit their ghg emissions through individually-determined reduction goals every five years beginning in 2020, although the united states has announced its withdrawal from such agreement, effective november 4, 2020.
governmental, scientific, and public concern over the threat of climate change arising from ghg emissions has resulted in increasing political risks in the united states, in the form of pledges made by certain candidates seeking the office of the president of the united states in 2020. critical declarations made by one or more presidential candidates include proposals to ban hydraulic fracturing of oil and natural gas wells and banning new leases for production of minerals on federal properties, including onshore lands and offshore waters. other actions to oil and natural gas production activities that could be pursued by presidential candidates may include more restrictive requirements for the establishment of pipeline infrastructure or the permitting of liquefied natural gas export facilities, as well as the rescission of the united states' withdrawal from the paris agreement in november 2020. litigation risks are also increasing, as a number of cities, local governments, and other plaintiffs have sought to bring suit against the largest oil and natural gas exploration and production companies in state or federal court, alleging, among other things, that such companies created public nuisances by producing fuels that contributed to global warming effects, such as rising sea levels, and therefore are responsible for roadway and infrastructure damages as a result, or alleging that the companies have been aware of the adverse effects of climate change for some time but defrauded their investors by failing to adequately disclose those impacts.
there are also increasing financial risks for fossil fuel producers as well as other companies handling fossil fuels, including owners of terminals, pipelines and refineries, as stockholders and bondholders currently invested in fossil fuel energy companies concerned about the potential effects of climate change may elect in the future to shift some or all of their investments into non-fossil fuel energy related sectors. institutional investors who provide financing to fossil fuel energy companies also have become more attentive to sustainability lending practices and some of them may elect not to provide funding for fossil fuel energy companies. additionally, the lending and investment practices of institutional lenders have been the subject of intensive lobbying efforts in recent years, oftentimes public in nature, by environmental activists, proponents of the international paris agreement, and foreign citizenry concerned about climate change not to provide funding for fossil fuel producers. limitation of investments in and financings for fossil fuel energy companies could result in the restriction, delay, or cancellation of drilling programs or development of production activities.
the adoption and implementation of any international, federal or state legislation, regulations or other regulatory initiatives that impose more stringent standards for ghg emissions from the oil and natural gas sector or otherwise restrict the areas in which this sector may produce oil and natural gas or generate ghg emissions could result in increased costs of compliance or costs of consuming, and thereby reduce demand for oil and natural gas, which could reduce demand for our services and products. additionally, political, litigation, and financial risks may result in our oil and natural gas customers restricting or cancelling production activities, incurring liability for infrastructure damages as a result of climatic changes, or impairing their ability to continue to operate in an economic manner, which also could reduce demand for our services and products. one or more of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. finally, increasing concentrations of ghg in the earth's atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, droughts, floods, rising sea levels and other climatic events. if any such climate changes were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and the financial condition and operations of our customers.
federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to pipeline safety that require the use of new or more stringent safety controls or result in more rigorous enforcement of applicable legal requirements could subject us to increased capital costs, operational delays and costs of operation.
in 2016, president obama signed the protecting our infrastructure of pipelines and enhancing safety act of 2016 ("2016 pipeline safety act") that extended phmsa's statutory mandate regarding pipeline safety until september 30, 2019 and required phmsa to complete certain of its outstanding mandates under the pipeline safety, regulatory certainty, and job creation act of 2011 ("2011 pipeline safety act"). the 2011 pipeline safety act had directed the promulgation of regulations relating to such matters as expanded integrity management requirements, automatic or remote-controlled valve use, excess flow valve use, leak detection system installation, testing to confirm the material strength of certain pipelines and operator verification of records confirming the maximum allowable pressure of certain intrastate gas transmission pipelines. the 2016 pipeline safety act also empowered phmsa to address unsafe conditions or practices constituting imminent hazards by imposing emergency restrictions, prohibitions and safety measures on owners and operators of gas or hazardous liquid pipeline facilities without prior notice or an opportunity for a hearing. on october 1, 2019, phmsa published a final rule that replaced a 2016 interim rule, implementing the agency's expanded authority relating to imminent hazards to life, property or the environment.
the imposition of new safety enhancement requirements pursuant to the 2016 pipeline safety act and the 2011 pipeline safety act or any issuance or reinterpretation of guidance by phmsa or any state agencies with respect thereto could require us to install new or modified safety controls, pursue additional capital projects or conduct maintenance programs on an accelerated basis, any or all of which tasks could result in our incurring increased operating costs that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. additionally, phmsa and one or more state regulators, including the rrc, have in recent years expanded the scope of their regulatory inspections to include certain in-plant equipment and pipelines found within ngl fractionation facilities and associated storage facilities, to assess compliance with hazardous liquids pipeline safety requirements. to the extent that phmsa and/or state regulatory agencies are successful in asserting their jurisdiction in this manner, we and other midstream operators of ngl fractionation facilities and associated storage facilities may be required to make operational changes or modifications at their facilities to meet standards beyond current osha psm and epa rmp requirements, which changes or modifications may result in additional capital costs, possible operational delays and increased costs of operation that, in some instances, may be significant.
we may incur significant costs and liabilities resulting from performance of pipeline integrity programs and related repairs.
pursuant to the authority under the ngpsa and hlpsa, phmsa has established a series of rules requiring pipeline operators to develop and implement integrity management programs for certain natural gas and hazardous liquids pipelines that, in the event of a pipeline leak or rupture could affect higher risk areas, known as hcas and mcas, which are areas where a release could have the most significant adverse consequences. the hcas for natural gas pipelines are predicated on high-population areas (which, for natural gas transmission pipelines, may include class 3 and class 4 areas) whereas hcas for crude oil, ngl and condensate pipelines is based on high-population areas, certain drinking water sources and unusually sensitive ecological areas. an mca is attributable to natural gas pipelines and is based on high-population areas as well as certain principal, high-capacity roadways, though it does not meet the definition of a natural gas pipeline hca. among other things, these regulations require operators of covered pipelines to:
•   perform ongoing assessments of pipeline integrity;
•   maintain processes for data collection, integration and analysis;
•   implement preventive and mitigating actions.
in addition, certain states, including texas, louisiana, oklahoma, new mexico, and north dakota, where we conduct operations, have adopted regulations similar to existing phmsa regulations for certain intrastate natural gas and hazardous liquids pipelines. we currently estimate an average annual cost of $3.8 million between 2020 and 2022 to implement pipeline integrity management program testing along certain segments of our natural gas and hazardous liquids pipelines. this estimate does not include the costs, if any, of repair, remediation or preventative or mitigative actions that may be determined to be necessary as a result of the discovery of anomaly conditions during the testing program, which costs could be substantial. at this time, we cannot predict the ultimate cost of compliance with applicable pipeline integrity management regulations, as the cost will vary significantly depending on the number and extent of any repairs found to be necessary as a result of the pipeline integrity testing. we plan to continue our pipeline integrity testing programs to assess and maintain the integrity of our pipelines. the results of these tests could cause us to incur significant and unanticipated capital and operating expenditures for repairs or upgrades deemed necessary to ensure the continued safe and reliable operation of our pipelines.
moreover, changes to pipeline safety laws by congress and regulations by phmsa that result in more stringent or costly safety standards could have a significant adverse effect on us and similarly situated midstream operators. for instance, in 2016, pursuant to one of the requirements in the 2011 pipeline safety act, phmsa published a proposed rulemaking that would expand integrity management requirements and impose new pressure testing requirements on currently regulated natural gas pipelines. the proposal would also significantly expand the regulation of gathering lines, subjecting previously unregulated pipelines to requirements regarding damage prevention, corrosion control, public education programs, maximum allowable operating pressure limits and other requirements. however, phmsa has since decided to split its 2016 proposed rule, which has become known as the "gas mega rule," into three separate rulemakings to facilitate completion. the first of these three rulemakings, relating to onshore gas transmission pipelines, was published as a final rule on october 1, 2019, becomes effective on july 1, 2020, and imposes numerous requirements on such pipelines, including maximum allowable operating pressure ("maop") reconfirmation, the assessment of additional pipeline mileage outside of hcas (including all mcas and those class 3 and class 4 areas found not to be in hcas) within 14 years of publication date and at least once every 10 years thereafter, the reporting of exceedances of maop, and the consideration of seismicity as a risk factor in integrity management. the remaining rulemakings comprising the gas mega rule are expected to be issued in 2020. additionally, on october 1, 2019, phmsa published a final rule for hazardous liquid transmission and gathering pipelines that becomes effective july 1, 2020 and significantly extends and expands the reach of certain phmsa integrity management requirements, regardless of the pipeline's proximity to an hca (for example, integrity assessments at least once every 10 years of onshore, piggable, hazardous liquid pipeline segments located outside of hcas, and expanded use of leak detection systems beyond hcas to all regulated hazardous liquid pipelines other than offshore gathering and regulated rural gathering pipelines). the final rule also requires all hazardous liquid pipelines in or affecting an hca to be capable of accommodating in-line inspection tools within the next 20 years unless the basic construction of a pipeline cannot be modified to permit that accommodation. in addition, the final rule extends annual, accident, and safety-related conditional reporting requirements to hazardous liquid gravity lines and certain gathering lines and also imposes inspection requirements on hazardous liquid pipelines in areas affected by extreme weather events and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, landslides, floods, earthquakes or other similar events that are likely to damage infrastructure.
congress subsequently enacted the 2016 pipeline safety act, which reauthorized phmsa's hazardous liquid and gas pipeline programs through september 30, 2019, and thus it is expected that congress will issue an updated pipeline safety law in 2019 or 2020 that will reauthorize those programs through 2023. the integrity-related requirements and other provisions of the 2011 pipeline safety act, the 2016 pipeline safety act, and any new congressional pipeline safety legislation that is expected to be introduced to reauthorize phmsa pipeline safety programs, as well as any implementation of phmsa rules thereunder, could require us to pursue additional capital projects or conduct integrity or maintenance programs on an accelerated basis and incur increased operating costs that could have a material adverse effect on our costs of transportation services as well as our business, results of operations and financial condition.
portions of our pipeline systems may require increased expenditures for maintenance and repair owing to the age of some of our systems, which expenditures or resulting loss of revenue due to pipeline age or condition could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
some portions of the pipeline systems that we operate have been in service for several decades prior to our purchase of them. consequently, there may be historical occurrences or latent issues regarding our pipeline systems that our executive management may be unaware of and that may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. the age and condition of some of our pipeline systems could also result in increased maintenance or repair expenditures, and any downtime associated with increased maintenance and repair activities could materially reduce our revenue. any significant increase in maintenance and repair expenditures or loss of revenue due to the age or condition of some portions of our pipeline systems could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
the implementation of derivatives legislation could have an adverse effect on our ability to use derivative instruments to reduce the effect of commodity price, interest rate and other risks associated with our business.
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (the "dodd-frank act"), enacted on july 21, 2010, established federal oversight and regulation of the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities, such as us, that participate in that market. the dodd-frank act required the cftc and the sec to promulgate rules and regulations implementing the dodd-frank act. although the cftc has finalized most of these regulations, others remain to be finalized or implemented and it is not possible at this time to predict when this will be accomplished.
in january 2020, the cftc proposed new rules that would place limits on positions in certain core futures and equivalent swaps contracts for or linked to certain physical commodities, subject to exceptions for certain bona fide hedging transactions. as these new position limit rules are not yet final, the impact of those provisions on us is uncertain at this time.
the cftc has designated certain interest rate swaps and credit default swaps for mandatory clearing and the associated rules also will require us, in connection with covered derivative activities, to comply with clearing and trade-execution requirements or take steps to qualify for an exemption to such requirements. although we qualify for the end-user exception from the mandatory clearing requirements for swaps entered to hedge our commercial risks, the application of the mandatory clearing and trade execution requirements to other market participants, such as swap dealers, may change the cost and availability of the swaps that we use for hedging. the cftc and the federal banking regulators have adopted regulations requiring certain counterparties to swap to post initial and variation margin. however, our current hedging activities would qualify for the non-financial end user exemption from the margin requirements.
the full impact of the dodd-frank act and related regulatory requirements upon our business will not be known until all of the regulations are implemented and the market for derivatives contracts has adjusted. the dodd-frank act and any new regulations could significantly increase the cost of derivative contracts, materially alter the terms of derivative contracts, reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against risks we encounter, reduce our ability to monetize or restructure our existing derivative contracts or increase our exposure to less creditworthy counterparties. if we reduce our use of derivatives as a result of the dodd-frank act and regulations implementing the dodd-frank act, our results of operations may become more volatile and our cash flows may be less predictable, which could adversely affect our ability to plan for and fund capital expenditures.
finally, the dodd-frank act was intended, in part, to reduce the volatility of oil and natural gas prices, which some legislators attributed to speculative trading in derivatives and commodity instruments related to oil and natural gas. our revenues could therefore be adversely affected if a consequence of the dodd-frank act and implementing regulations is to lower commodity prices.
any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on us, our financial condition and our results of operations.
the european union (the "eu") and other non-u.s. jurisdictions are also implementing regulations with respect to the derivatives market. to the extent we enter into swaps with counterparties in foreign jurisdictions or counterparties with other businesses that subject them to regulation in foreign jurisdictions, we may become subject to or otherwise impacted by such regulations. as is the case with the dodd-frank act and the regulations promulgated under it, the implementing regulations adopted by the eu and by other non-u.s. jurisdictions could have an adverse effect on us, our financial condition and our results of operations.
terrorist attacks and the threat of terrorist attacks have resulted in increased costs to our business. continued hostilities in the middle east or other sustained military campaigns may adversely impact our results of operations.
the long-term impact of terrorist attacks, such as the attacks that occurred on september 11, 2001, and the threat of future terrorist attacks on our industry in general and on us in particular is not known at this time. however, resulting regulatory requirements and/or related business decisions associated with security are likely to increase our costs. increased security measures taken by us as a precaution against possible terrorist attacks have resulted in increased costs to our business. uncertainty surrounding continued hostilities in the middle east or other sustained military campaigns may affect our operations in unpredictable ways, including disruptions of crude oil supplies and markets for our products, and the possibility that infrastructure facilities could be direct targets, or indirect casualties, of an act of terror.
changes in the insurance markets attributable to terrorist attacks may make certain types of insurance more difficult for us to obtain. moreover, the insurance that may be available to us may be significantly more expensive than our existing insurance coverage or coverage may be reduced or unavailable. instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism or war could also affect our ability to raise capital.
we face opposition to operation and expansion of our pipelines and facilities from various individuals and groups.
we have experienced, and we anticipate that we will encounter from time to time, opposition to the operation and expansion of our pipelines and facilities from governmental officials, non-governmental environmental organizations and groups, landowners, tribal groups, local groups and other advocates. in some instances, we encounter opposition which disfavors hydrocarbon-based energy supplies regardless of practical implementation or financial considerations. opposition to our operation and expansion can take many forms, including the delay, denial or termination of required governmental permits or approvals, organized protests, attempts to block or sabotage our operations, intervention in regulatory or administrative proceedings involving our assets or lawsuits or other actions designed to prevent, disrupt, delay or terminate the operation or expansion of our assets and business. in addition, destructive forms of protest or opposition by activists, including acts of sabotage or eco terrorism could cause significant damage or injury to people, property or the environment or lead to extended interruptions of our operations. any such event that restricts, delays or prevents the expansion of our business, interrupts the revenues generated by our operations or causes us to make significant expenditures not covered by insurance could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
we are subject to cyber security risks. a cyber incident could occur and result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.
the oil and natural gas industry has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies to conduct business. for example, we depend on digital technologies to operate our facilities, serve our customers and record financial data. at the same time, cyber incidents, including deliberate attacks, have increased. the u.s. government has issued public warnings that indicate that energy assets might be specific targets of cyber security threats. our technologies, systems and networks, and those of our vendors, suppliers, customers and other business partners, may become the target of cyberattacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of proprietary and other information, or could adversely disrupt our business operations. in addition, certain cyber incidents, such as surveillance, may remain undetected for an extended period. our systems for protecting against cyber security risks may not be sufficient. as cyber incidents continue to evolve, we will likely be required to expend additional resources to enhance our security posture and cybersecurity defenses or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to or consequences of cyber incidents. our insurance coverages for cyberattacks may not be sufficient to cover all the losses we may experience as a result of a cyber incident.
we are or may become subject to cybersecurity and data privacy laws, regulations, litigation and directives relating to our processing of personal information.
the jurisdictions in which we operate (including the united states) may have laws governing how we must respond to a cyber incident that results in the unauthorized access, disclosure, or loss of personal information. additionally, new laws and regulations governing data privacy and unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, including recent california legislation (which, among other things, provides for a private right of action), pose increasingly complex compliance challenges and could potentially elevate our costs over time. although our business does not involve large-scale processing of personal information, our business does involve collection, use, and other processing of personal information of our employees, investors, contractors, suppliers, and customer contacts. as legislation continues to develop and cyber incidents continue to evolve, we will likely be required to expend significant resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures to comply with such legislation and to detect, investigate and remediate vulnerabilities to cyber incidents. any failure by us, or a company we acquire, to comply with such laws and regulations could result in reputational harm, loss of goodwill, penalties, liabilities, and/or mandated changes in our business practices.
future sales of our common stock in the public market could lower our stock price, and any additional capital raised by us through the sale of equity or convertible securities may dilute your ownership in us.
we or our stockholders may sell shares of common stock in subsequent public offerings. we may also issue additional shares of common stock or convertible securities. as of december 31, 2019, we had 232,843,526 outstanding shares of common stock. we cannot predict the size of future issuances of our common stock or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of shares of our common stock will have on the market price of our common stock. sales of substantial amounts of our common stock (including shares issued in connection with an acquisition), or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock.
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as well as delaware law, contain provisions that could discourage acquisition bids or merger proposals, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval. if our board of directors elects to issue preferred stock, it could be more difficult for a third party to acquire us. in addition, some provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the change of control would be beneficial to our stockholders, including provisions which require:
•   limitations on the removal of directors; and
•   limitations on the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings and establish advance notice provisions for stockholder proposals and nominations for elections to the board of directors to be acted upon at meetings of stockholders.
delaware law prohibits us from engaging in any business combination with any "interested stockholder," meaning generally that a stockholder who beneficially owns more than 15% of our stock cannot acquire us for a period of three years from the date this person became an interested stockholder, unless various conditions are met, such as approval of the transaction by our board of directors.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes included in part iv of this annual report. additional sections in this annual report should be helpful to the reading of our discussion and analysis and include the following: (i) a description of our business strategy found in "item 1. business-overview"; (ii) a description of recent developments, found in "item 1. business-recent developments"; and (iii) a description of risk factors affecting us and our business, found in "item 1a. risk factors." also, the partnership files a separate annual report on form 10-k with the sec.
in may 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606). the amendments in this update supersede the revenue recognition requirements in topic 605, revenue recognition, and most industry-specific guidance. we adopted topic 606 on january 1, 2018 by applying the modified retrospective transition approach to contracts which were not completed as of the date of adoption. the adoption of topic 606 did not result in an impact to our operating or gross margin. however, the adoption did have an impact on the classification between components of operating margin and gross margin, "fees from midstream services" and "product purchases," as well as the reporting of gross versus net revenues.
overview targa resources corp. (nyse: trgp) is a publicly traded delaware corporation formed in october 2005. targa is a leading provider of midstream services and is one of the largest independent midstream energy companies in north america. we own, operate, acquire and develop a diversified portfolio of complementary midstream energy assets.
we are engaged primarily in the business of:
•   gathering, compressing, treating, processing, transporting and selling natural gas;
factors that significantly affect our results our results of operations are impacted by a number of factors, including the volumes that move through our gathering, processing and logistics assets, contract terms, changes in commodity prices, the impact of hedging activities and the cost to operate and support assets.
commodity prices the following table presents selected average annual and quarterly industry index prices for natural gas, selected ngl products and crude oil for the periods presented:
(2)   "illustrative targa ngl" pricing is weighted using average quarterly prices from mont belvieu non-tet monthly commercial index and represents the following composition for the periods noted:
volumes in our gathering and processing operations, plant inlet volumes, crude oil volumes and capacity utilization rates generally are driven by wellhead production and our competitive and contractual position on a regional basis and more broadly by the impact of prices for crude oil, natural gas and ngls on exploration and production activity in the areas of our operations. the factors that impact the gathering and processing volumes also impact the total volumes that flow to our downstream business. in addition, fractionation volumes are also affected by the location of the resulting mixed ngls, available pipeline capacity to transport ngls to our fractionators and our competitive and contractual position relative to other fractionators.
contract terms, contract mix and the impact of commodity prices with the potential for volatility of commodity prices, the contract mix of our gathering and processing segment (other than fee-based contracts in certain gathering and processing business units and gathering and processing services), can have a significant impact on our profitability, especially those percent-of-proceeds contracts that create direct exposure to changes in energy prices by paying us for gathering and processing services with a portion of proceeds from the commodities handled ("equity volumes").
contract terms in the gathering and processing segment are based upon a variety of factors, including natural gas and crude quality, geographic location, competitive dynamics and the pricing environment at the time the contract is executed, and customer requirements. our gathering and processing contract mix and, accordingly, our exposure to crude, natural gas and ngl prices may change as a result of producer preferences, competition and changes in production as wells decline at different rates or are added, our expansion into regions where different types of contracts are more common and other market factors.
the contract terms and contract mix of our downstream business can also have a significant impact on our results of operations. transportation and fractionation services are supported by fee-based contracts whose rates and terms are driven by ngl supply and transportation and fractionation capacity. export services are supported by fee-based contracts whose rates and terms are driven by global lpg supply and demand fundamentals. the logistics and transportation segment includes primarily fee-based contracts.
impact of our commodity price hedging activities we have hedged the commodity price risk associated with a portion of our expected natural gas, ngl and condensate equity volumes, future commodity purchases and sales, and transportation basis risk by entering into financially settled derivative transactions. these transactions include swaps, futures, and purchased puts (or floors) and calls (or caps) to hedge additional expected equity commodity volumes without creating volumetric risk. we intend to continue managing our exposure to commodity prices in the future by entering into derivative transactions. we actively manage the downstream business product inventory and other working capital levels to reduce exposure to changing prices. for additional information regarding our hedging activities, see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk-commodity price risk."
operating expenses variable costs such as fuel, utilities, power, service and repairs can impact our results. the fuel and power costs are pass-through elements in many of our logistics contracts, which mitigates their impact on our results. continued expansion of existing assets will also give rise to additional operating expenses, which will affect our results. the employees supporting our operations are employees of targa resources llc, a delaware limited liability company, and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of ours.
general and administrative expenses we perform centralized corporate functions such as legal, accounting, treasury, insurance, risk management, health, safety, environmental, information technology, human resources, credit, payroll, internal audit, taxes, engineering and marketing. other than our direct costs of being a separate public reporting company, these costs are reimbursed by the partnership. see "item 13. certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence."
general trends and outlook we expect the midstream energy business environment to continue to be affected by the following key trends: demand for our products and services, commodity prices, volatile capital markets, competition and increased regulation. these expectations are based on assumptions made by us and information currently available to us. to the extent our underlying assumptions about or interpretations of available information prove to be incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from our expected results.
demand for our services fluctuations in energy prices can greatly affect production rates and investments by third parties in the development and production of new oil and natural gas reserves. our operations are affected by the level of crude, natural gas and ngl prices, the relationship among these prices and related activity levels from our customers. drilling and production activity generally decreases as crude oil and natural gas prices decrease below commercially acceptable levels. producers generally focus their drilling activity on certain basins depending on commodity price fundamentals. as a result, our asset systems are predominately located in some of the most economic basins in the united states. accordingly, increased producer activity will drive demand for our midstream services and may result in incremental growth capital expenditures. demand for our transportation, fractionation and other fee-based services is largely correlated with producer activity levels. demand for our international export, storage and terminaling services has remained relatively constant during recent commodity price volatility, as demand for these services is based on a number of domestic and international factors.
commodity prices there has been, and we believe there will continue to be, volatility in commodity prices and in the relationships among ngl, crude oil and natural gas prices. in addition, the volatility and uncertainty of natural gas, crude oil and ngl prices impact drilling, completion and other investment decisions by producers and ultimately supply to our systems. global oil and natural gas commodity prices, particularly crude oil, have declined substantially as compared to mid-2014 and remain volatile. see "item 1a. risk factors - our cash flow is affected by supply and demand for natural gas and ngl products and by natural gas, ngl, crude oil and condensate prices, and decreases in these prices could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition."
our operating income generally improves in an environment of higher natural gas, ngl and condensate prices, and where the spread between ngl prices and natural gas prices widens primarily as a result of our percent-of-proceeds contracts. our processing profitability is largely dependent upon pricing and the supply of and market demand for natural gas, ngls and condensate. pricing and supply are beyond our control and have been volatile. in a declining commodity price environment, without taking into account our hedges, we will realize a reduction in cash flows under our percent-of-proceeds contracts proportionate to average price declines. due to the volatility in commodity prices, we are uncertain of what pricing and market demand for oil, condensate, ngls and natural gas will be throughout 2020, and, as a result, demand for the services that we provide may decrease. across our operations and particularly in our downstream business, we benefit from long-term fee-based arrangements for our services, regardless of the actual volumes processed or delivered. the significant level of margin we derive from fee-based arrangements combined with our hedging arrangements helps to mitigate our exposure to commodity price movements. for additional information regarding our hedging activities, see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk-commodity price risk."
volatile capital markets and competition we continuously consider and enter into discussions regarding potential acquisitions and growth projects and identify appropriate private and public capital sources for funding potential acquisitions and growth projects. any limitations on our access to capital may impair our ability to execute this strategy. if the cost of such capital becomes too expensive, our ability to develop or acquire strategic and accretive assets may be limited. we may not be able to raise the necessary funds on satisfactory terms, if at all. the primary factors influencing our cost of borrowing include interest rates, credit spreads, covenants, underwriting or loan origination fees and similar charges we pay to lenders. these factors may impair our ability to execute our acquisition and growth strategy.
in addition, we are experiencing increased competition for the types of assets we contemplate purchasing or developing. current economic conditions and competition for asset purchases and development opportunities could limit our ability to fully execute our growth strategy.
increased regulation additional regulation in various areas has the potential to materially impact our operations and financial condition. for example, increased regulation of hydraulic fracturing used by producers and increased ghg emission regulations may cause reductions in supplies of natural gas, ngls and crude oil from producers. please read "laws and regulations regarding hydraulic fracturing could result in restrictions, delays or cancellations in drilling and completing new oil and natural gas wells by our customers, which could adversely impact our revenues by decreasing the volumes of natural gas, ngls or crude oil through our facilities and reducing the utilization of our assets" and "the adoption and implementation of climate change legislation or regulations restricting emissions of ghgs could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the products and services we provide" under item 1a of this annual report. similarly, the forthcoming rules and regulations of the cftc may limit our ability or increase the cost to use derivatives, which could create more volatility and less predictability in our results of operations.
how we evaluate our operations the profitability of our business is a function of the difference between: (i) the revenues we receive from our operations, including fee-based revenues from services and revenues from the natural gas, ngls, crude oil and condensate we sell, and (ii) the costs associated with conducting our operations, including the costs of wellhead natural gas, crude oil and mixed ngls that we purchase as well as operating, general and administrative costs and the impact of our commodity hedging activities. because commodity price movements tend to impact both revenues and costs, increases or decreases in our revenues alone are not necessarily indicative of increases or decreases in our profitability. our contract portfolio, the prevailing pricing environment for crude oil, natural gas and ngls, and the volumes of crude oil, natural gas and ngl throughput on our systems are important factors in determining our profitability. our profitability is also affected by the ngl content in gathered wellhead natural gas, supply and demand for our products and services, utilization of our assets and changes in our customer mix.
our profitability is also impacted by fee-based contracts. our growing fee-related capital expenditures for pipelines and gathering and processing assets underpinned by fee-based margin, expansion of our downstream facilities, continued focus on adding fee-based margin to our existing and future gathering and processing contracts, as well as third-party acquisitions of businesses and assets, will continue to increase the number of our contracts that are fee-based. fixed fees for services such as gathering and processing, transportation, fractionation, storage, terminaling and crude oil gathering are not directly tied to changes in market prices for commodities. nevertheless, a change in unit fees due to market dynamics such as available commodity throughput does affect profitability.
management uses a variety of financial measures and operational measurements to analyze our performance. these include: (1) throughput volumes, facility efficiencies and fuel consumption, (2) operating expenses, (3) capital expenditures and (4) the following non-gaap measures: gross margin, operating margin, adjusted ebitda and distributable cash flow.
throughput volumes, facility efficiencies and fuel consumption our profitability is impacted by our ability to add new sources of natural gas supply and crude oil supply to offset the natural decline of existing volumes from oil and natural gas wells that are connected to our gathering and processing systems. this is achieved by connecting new wells and adding new volumes in existing areas of production, as well as by capturing crude oil and natural gas supplies currently gathered by third parties. similarly, our profitability is impacted by our ability to add new sources of mixed ngl supply, connected by third-party transportation and grand prix, to our downstream business fractionation facilities and at times to our export facilities. we fractionate ngls generated by our gathering and processing plants, as well as by contracting for mixed ngl supply from third-party facilities.
in addition, we seek to increase operating margin by limiting volume losses, reducing fuel consumption and by increasing efficiency. with our gathering systems' extensive use of remote monitoring capabilities, we monitor the volumes received at the wellhead or central delivery points along our gathering systems, the volume of natural gas received at our processing plant inlets and the volumes of ngls and residue natural gas recovered by our processing plants. we also monitor the volumes of ngls received, stored, fractionated and delivered across our logistics assets. this information is tracked through our processing plants and downstream business facilities to determine customer settlements for sales and volume related fees for service and helps us increase efficiency and reduce fuel consumption.
as part of monitoring the efficiency of our operations, we measure the difference between the volume of natural gas received at the wellhead or central delivery points on our gathering systems and the volume received at the inlet of our processing plants as an indicator of fuel consumption and line loss. we also track the difference between the volume of natural gas received at the inlet of the processing plant and the ngls and residue gas produced at the outlet of such plant to monitor the fuel consumption and recoveries of our facilities. similar tracking is performed for our crude oil gathering and logistics assets and our ngl pipelines. these volume, recovery and fuel consumption measurements are an important part of our operational efficiency analysis and safety programs.
operating expenses operating expenses are costs associated with the operation of specific assets. labor, contract services, repair and maintenance, utilities and ad valorem taxes comprise the most significant portion of our operating expenses. these expenses, other than fuel and power, remain relatively stable and independent of the volumes through our systems, but may increase with system expansions and will fluctuate depending on the scope of the activities performed during a specific period.
capital expenditures capital projects associated with growth and maintenance projects are closely monitored. return on investment is analyzed before a capital project is approved, spending is closely monitored throughout the development of the project, and the subsequent operational performance is compared to the assumptions used in the economic analysis performed for the capital investment approval.
gross margin we define gross margin as revenues less product purchases. it is impacted by volumes and commodity prices as well as by our contract mix and commodity hedging program.
gathering and processing segment gross margin consists primarily of:
•   revenues from the sale of natural gas, condensate, crude oil and ngls less producer payments, other natural gas and crude oil purchases, and our equity volumes hedge settlements; and
•   service fees related to natural gas and crude oil gathering, treating and processing.
•   service fees (including the pass-through of energy costs included in fee rates);
•   system product gains and losses; and
•   ngl and natural gas sales, less ngl and natural gas purchases, third-party transportation costs and the net inventory change.
the gross margin impacts of mark-to-market hedge unrealized changes in fair value are reported in other.
operating margin we define operating margin as gross margin less operating expenses. operating margin is an important performance measure of the core profitability of our operations.
management reviews business segment gross margin and operating margin monthly as a core internal management process. we believe that investors benefit from having access to the same financial measures that management uses in evaluating our operating results. gross margin and operating margin provide useful information to investors because they are used as supplemental financial measures by management and by external users of our financial statements, including investors and commercial banks, to assess:
•   the financial performance of our assets without regard to financing methods, capital structure or historical cost basis;
•   our operating performance and return on capital as compared to other companies in the midstream energy sector, without regard to financing or capital structure; and
•   the viability of acquisitions and capital expenditure projects and the overall rates of return on alternative investment opportunities.
gross margin and operating margin are non-gaap measures. the gaap measure most directly comparable to gross margin and operating margin is net income (loss) attributable to trc. gross margin and operating margin are not alternatives to gaap net income and have important limitations as analytical tools. investors should not consider gross margin and operating margin in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under gaap. because gross margin and operating margin exclude some, but not all, items that affect net income and are defined differently by different companies in our industry, our definitions of gross margin and operating margin may not be comparable with similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing their utility. management compensates for the limitations of gross margin and operating margin as analytical tools by reviewing the comparable gaap measures, understanding the differences between the measures and incorporating these insights into its decision-making processes.
adjusted ebitda we define adjusted ebitda as net income (loss) attributable to trc before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, and other items that we believe should be adjusted consistent with our core operating performance. the adjusting items are detailed in the adjusted ebitda reconciliation table and its footnotes. adjusted ebitda is used as a supplemental financial measure by us and by external users of our financial statements such as investors, commercial banks and others. the economic substance behind our use of adjusted ebitda is to measure the ability of our assets to generate cash sufficient to pay interest costs, support our indebtedness and pay dividends to our investors.
adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap financial measure. the gaap measure most directly comparable to adjusted ebitda is net income (loss) attributable to trc. adjusted ebitda should not be considered as an alternative to gaap net income. adjusted ebitda has important limitations as an analytical tool. investors should not consider adjusted ebitda in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under gaap. because adjusted ebitda excludes some, but not all, items that affect net income and is defined differently by different companies in our industry, our definition of adjusted ebitda may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing its utility.
management compensates for the limitations of adjusted ebitda as an analytical tool by reviewing the comparable gaap measures, understanding the differences between the measures and incorporating these insights into its decision-making processes.
distributable cash flow we define distributable cash flow as adjusted ebitda less distributions to trp preferred limited partners, cash interest expense on debt obligations, cash tax (expense) benefit and maintenance capital expenditures (net of any reimbursements of project costs).
distributable cash flow is a significant performance metric used by us and by external users of our financial statements, such as investors, commercial banks and research analysts, to compare basic cash flows generated by us (prior to the establishment of any retained cash reserves by our board of directors) to the cash dividends we expect to pay our shareholders. using this metric, management and external users of our financial statements can quickly compute the coverage ratio of estimated cash flows to cash dividends. distributable cash flow is also an important financial measure for our shareholders since it serves as an indicator of our success in providing a cash return on investment. specifically, this financial measure indicates to investors whether or not we are generating cash flow at a level that can sustain or support an increase in our quarterly dividend rates.
distributable cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure. the gaap measure most directly comparable to distributable cash flow is net income (loss) attributable to trc. distributable cash flow should not be considered as an alternative to gaap net income (loss) available to common and preferred shareholders. it has important limitations as an analytical tool. investors should not consider distributable cash flow in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under gaap. because distributable cash flow excludes some, but not all, items that affect net income and is defined differently by different companies in our industry, our definition of distributable cash flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing its utility.
management compensates for the limitations of distributable cash flow as an analytical tool by reviewing the comparable gaap measure, understanding the differences between the measures and incorporating these insights into our decision-making processes.
our non-gaap financial measures the following tables reconcile the non-gaap financial measures used by management to the most directly comparable gaap measures for the periods indicated.
net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                    250.4                       58.8                       50.2
equity (earnings) loss                                                                                        (39.0   )                   (7.3   )                   17.0
income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                  (87.9   )                    5.5                     (397.1   )
(gain) loss on sale or disposition of business and assets                                                      71.1                       (0.1   )                   15.9
(gain) loss from sale of equity-method investment                                                             (69.3   )                      -                          -
(gain) loss from financing activities                                                                           1.4                        2.0                       16.8
change in contingent considerations                                                                             8.7                       (8.8   )                  (99.6   )
reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to trc to adjusted ebitda and distributable cash flow net income (loss) attributable to trc                                                                        $         (209.2   )       $            1.6           $           54.0
income attributable to trp preferred limited partners                                                                    11.3                       11.3                       11.3
income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                            (87.9   )                    5.5                     (397.1   )
(gain) loss on sale or disposition of business and assets                                                                71.1                       (0.1   )                   15.9
(gain) loss from sale of equity-method investment                                                                       (69.3   )                      -                          -
(gain) loss from financing activities (2)                                                                                 1.4                        2.0                       16.8
equity (earnings) loss                                                                                                  (39.0   )                   (7.3   )                   17.0
change in contingent considerations                                                                                       8.7                       (8.8   )                  (99.6   )
compensation on equity grants                                                                                            60.3                       56.3                       42.3
transaction costs related to business acquisitions                                                                          -                          -                        5.6
risk management activities                                                                                              112.8                        8.5                       10.0
noncontrolling interests adjustments (3)                                                                                (38.5   )                  (21.1   )                  (18.6   )
trc adjusted ebitda (4)                                                                                      $        1,435.5           $        1,291.1           $        1,096.8
distributions to trp preferred limited partners                                                                         (11.3   )                  (11.3   )                  (11.3   )
splitter agreement (5)                                                                                                      -                       43.0                       43.0
cash tax benefit (7)                                                                                                        -                          -                       46.7
maintenance capital expenditures                                                                                       (141.7   )                 (135.0   )                 (100.7   )
noncontrolling interests adjustments of maintenance capital expenditures                                                  6.8                        7.1                        1.6
(1)   includes the change in estimated redemption value of the mandatorily redeemable preferred interests.
(2)   gains or losses on debt repurchases, amendments, exchanges or early debt extinguishments.
()   noncontrolling interest portion of depreciation and amortization expense.
()   beginning in the second quarter of 2019, we revised our reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to trc to adjusted ebitda to exclude the splitter agreement adjustment previously included in the comparative periods presented herein. for all comparative periods presented, our adjusted ebitda measure previously included the splitter agreement adjustment, which represented the recognition of the annual cash payment received under the condensate splitter agreement ratably over four quarters. the effect of these revisions reduced trc's adjusted ebitda by $75.2 million and $43.0 million for 2018 and 2017. there was no impact to distributable cash flow.
()   in distributable cash flow, splitter agreement represents the annual cash payment in the period received.
()   includes an adjustment, reflecting the benefit from net operating loss carryback to 2015 and 2014, which was recognized over the periods between the third quarter 2016 recognition of the receivable and the anticipated receipt date of the refund. the refund, previously expected to be received on or before the fourth quarter of 2017, was received in the second quarter of 2017. the remaining $20.9 million unamortized balance of the tax refund was therefore included in distributable cash flow in the second quarter of 2017. also includes a refund of texas margin tax paid in previous periods and received in 2017.
sales of commodities                                                     $7,393.8                    $9,278.7                   $7,751.1                $(1,884.9   )               (20   %)         $1,527.6                    20   %
equity earnings (loss)                                                       39.0                         7.3                      (17.0   )                 31.7                    nm                  24.3                   143   %
gain (loss) from financing activities                                        (1.4   )                    (2.0   )                  (16.8   )                  0.6                    30   %              14.8                    88   %
gain (loss) from sale of equity-method investment                            69.3                           -                          -                     69.3                     -                     -                     -
change in contingent considerations                                          (8.7   )                     8.8                       99.6                    (17.5   )              (199   %)            (90.8   )               (91   %)
income tax (expense) benefit                                                 87.9                        (5.5   )                  397.1                     93.4                    nm                (402.6   )              (101   %)
less: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests            250.4                        58.8                       50.2                    191.6                    nm                   8.6                    17   %
net income (loss) attributable to targa resources corp.                    (209.2   )                     1.6                       54.0                   (210.8   )                nm                 (52.4   )               (97   %)
financial data:
adjusted ebitda (1)                                                      $1,435.5                    $1,291.1                   $1,096.8                   $144.4                    11   %            $194.3                    18   %
growth capital expenditures (2)                                           2,566.8                     3,192.7                    1,405.7                   (625.9   )               (20   %)          1,787.0                   127   %
maintenance capital expenditures (3)                                        141.7                       135.0                      100.8                      6.7                     5   %              34.2                    34   %
business acquisition (4)                                                        -                           -                      987.1                        -                     -                (987.1   )              (100   %)
(1)   gross margin, operating margin, adjusted ebitda, and distributable cash flow are non-gaap financial measures and are discussed under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-how we evaluate our operations."
(2)   growth capital expenditures, net of contributions from noncontrolling interests, were $2,201.7 million, $2,612.8 million and $1,342.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017. net contributions to investments in unconsolidated affiliates were $80.0 million, $113.4 million and $9.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017.
(3)   maintenance capital expenditures, net of contributions from noncontrolling interests, were $134.9 million, $127.9 million and $99.1 million for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017.
(4)   includes the $416.3 million acquisition date fair value of the potential earn-out payments. the final earn-out payment of $317.1 million was made in may 2019.
nm   due to a low denominator, the noted percentage change is disproportionately high and as a result, considered not meaningful.
the decrease in commodity sales reflects lower ngl and natural gas prices ($3,296.9 million) and lower petroleum products volumes due to the sale of certain petroleum logistics terminals in the fourth quarter of 2018 ($63.8 million), partially offset by higher ngl, crude marketing, natural gas, and condensate volumes ($1,433.4 million) and the favorable impact of hedges ($68.0 million). fees from midstream services increased primarily due to higher export and crude gathering fees.
higher operating margin and gross margin in 2019 reflect increased segment results for both gathering and processing and logistics and transportation. see "-results of operations-by reportable segment" for additional information regarding changes in operating margin and gross margin on a segment basis.
depreciation and amortization expense increased primarily due to higher depreciation related to major growth projects placed in service, including additional processing plants and associated infrastructure in the permian basin and grand prix.
general and administrative expense increased primarily due to higher compensation and benefits costs and higher information technology costs resulting from increased staffing levels, and higher insurance costs.
our impairment of property, plant and equipment in 2019 included a partial impairment of gas processing facilities and gathering systems associated with the north texas and coastal operations in our gathering and processing segment, and an asset write-down associated with certain treating units within the same segment. the impairment resulted from the continuing decline in natural gas production across the barnett shale in north texas and gulf of mexico due to the sustained low commodity price environment. we did not recognize any impairments of property, plant and equipment in 2018.
we did not record any goodwill impairment charges for the year ended december 31, 2019, as the fair values of all reporting units exceeded their accounting carrying values. we recognized impairments of goodwill totaling $210.0 million during 2018 related to the remaining goodwill associated with the acquisition of atlas energy l.p. and atlas pipeline partners l.p. in 2015 (collectively the "atlas mergers").
other operating (income) expense in 2019 consisted primarily of a loss associated with the sale of our crude gathering and storage business in permian delaware. the 2018 expense consisted primarily of the loss on sale of certain petroleum logistics terminals and the loss on disposal of the benzene saturation component of our lsng hydrotreater, partially offset by the gain on sale of our inland marine barge business and the gain on an exchange of a portion of our versado gathering system.
higher interest expense, net, in 2019 was primarily due to higher average borrowings, partially offset by higher capitalized interest related to our major growth investments. during 2018, we recognized non-cash interest income resulting from a decrease in the estimated redemption value of the mandatorily redeemable interests, primarily attributable to the february 2018 amendments to such arrangements.
equity earnings increased in 2019 primarily due to earnings from gcx and little missouri 4, resulting from the commencement of operations of gcx pipeline and lm4 plant in the third quarter.
during 2019, we closed on the sale of an equity-method investment that resulted in a gain of $69.3 million.
in 2019, we recorded expense of $8.7 million resulting from an increase in the value of the permian acquisition contingent consideration liability. the increase was primarily attributable to the elimination of discounting and an increase in actual gross margin through the end of the earn-out period. the earn-out period ended and resulted in a final payment in may 2019. during 2018, we recorded income of $8.8 million resulting from the decrease in fair value of the contingent consideration. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower forecasted volumes for the remainder of the earn-out period, partially offset by a shorter discount period.
during 2019 we recorded income tax benefit from pre-tax loss, whereas in 2018 we recorded income tax expense due to pre-tax income. other factors attributable to the change were additional benefits from an accrual to actual adjustment for the state income tax provision and higher deductions related to share-based awards vesting during 2019.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was higher in 2019 due to the sale of ownership interests in targa badlands and increased earnings allocated to interests holders in grand prix, gcx, and train 6.
the increase in commodity sales reflects increased ngl, natural gas, petroleum and condensate volumes ($1,606.0 million) and higher ngl and condensate prices ($742.2 million), partially offset by lower natural gas prices ($465.7 million) and the impact of hedges ($22.4 million). fees from midstream services increased primarily due to higher gas processing and crude gathering fees.
the prospective adoption of the revenue recognition accounting standard as set forth in topic 606 in 2018 resulted in lower commodity sales ($333.2 million) and lower fee revenue ($39.6 million) with a corresponding net reduction in product purchases, resulting in no impact on operating margin or gross margin.
the higher operating margin and gross margin in 2018 reflect increased segment results for both gathering and processing and logistics and transportation. see "-results of operations-by reportable segment" for additional information regarding changes in operating margin and gross margin on a segment basis.
depreciation and amortization expense increased due to higher depreciation related to our growth investments, partially offset by lower depreciation for our north texas system, which incurred an impairment write-down in 2017, lower scheduled amortization of badlands intangibles and lower depreciation on our inland marine barge business sold in the second quarter of 2018.
general and administrative expense increased primarily due to higher compensation and benefits, including increased staffing levels, legal costs, outside professional services and contract labor costs.
in conjunction with our required annual goodwill assessments, we recognized impairments of goodwill totaling $210.0 million during 2018 related to the remaining goodwill from the atlas mergers. there was no impairment of goodwill in 2017 as the fair values of affected reporting units exceeded their accounting carrying values.
other operating (income) expense in 2018 was comprised primarily of the loss on sale of certain petroleum logistics terminals, the loss on disposal of the benzene saturation component of our lsng hydrotreater and the loss for abandoned project development costs, partially offset by the gain on sale of our inland marine barge business and the gain on an exchange of a portion of our versado gathering system. in 2017, other operating (income) expense included the loss on sale of our 100% ownership interest in the venice gathering system.
lower interest expense, net, in 2018 was primarily due to higher non-cash interest income related to a lower valuation of the mandatorily redeemable preferred interests liability and higher capitalized interest related to our major growth investments. these factors more than offset the impact of higher average outstanding borrowings during 2018.
equity earnings increased in 2018 primarily due to decreased losses of the t2 joint ventures, increased earnings resulting from the commencement of operations at cayenne and increased earnings at gulf coast fractionators. equity losses of the t2 joint ventures in 2017 included a $12.0 million impairment of our investment in the t2 ef cogen joint venture.
in 2018, we recorded a loss from financing activities of $2.0 million associated with amendments of our revolving credit facilities, which resulted in a write-off of debt issuance costs. in 2017, we recorded a loss from financing activities of $16.8 million upon the redemption of the partnership's outstanding 63⁄8% senior notes and the repayment of the outstanding balance on our senior secured term loan.
the decrease in fair value of the contingent consideration in 2018 was primarily attributable to lower forecasted volumes for the remainder of the earn-out period, partially offset by a shorter discount period. the decrease in fair value of the contingent consideration in 2017 was primarily related to reductions in forecasted volumes and gross margin as a result of changes in producers' drilling activity in the region.
during 2018, we recorded income tax expense, whereas in 2017 we recorded an income tax benefit. the change is primarily attributable to the difference in income (loss) before taxes between the periods and the reduced federal statutory rate from 2017 to 2018. in 2017, the income tax benefit was primarily due to the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "tax act") and the resulting reduction of the federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, which under gaap results in a recalculation of our ending balance sheet deferred tax balances.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was higher in 2018 due to increased earnings at the carnero joint venture, centrahoma, cedar bayou fractionators and venice energy services company, l.l.c.
gathering and                logistics and transportation               other                 corporate and eliminations              consolidated operating margin processing
gathering and processing segment year ended december 31,
(1)   segment operating statistics include the effect of intersegment amounts, which have been eliminated from the consolidated presentation. for all volume statistics presented, the numerator is the total volume sold during the year and the denominator is the number of calendar days during the year.
(2)   plant natural gas inlet represents our undivided interest in the volume of natural gas passing through the meter located at the inlet of a natural gas processing plant, other than badlands.
(4)   permian midland includes operations in westtx, of which we own 72.8%, and other plants that are owned 100% by us. operating results for the westtx undivided interest assets are presented on a pro-rata net basis in our reported financials.
(5)   southtx includes the raptor plant, of which we own a 50% interest through the carnero joint venture. southtx also includes the silver oak ii plant, of which we owned a 100% interest until it was contributed to the carnero joint venture in may 2018. the carnero joint venture is a consolidated subsidiary and its financial results are presented on a gross basis in our reported financials.
(6)   southok includes the centrahoma joint venture, of which we own 60%, and other plants that are owned 100% by us. centrahoma is a consolidated subsidiary and its financial results are presented on a gross basis in our reported financials.
(7)   badlands natural gas inlet represents the total wellhead gathered volume, and includes the targa-gathered volumes processed at the lm4 plant
(8)   as of april 3, 2019, targa owns 55% of targa badlands, prior to which we owned a 100% interest. targa badlands is a consolidated subsidiary and its financial results are presented on a gross basis in our reported financials.
(10)   average realized prices include the effect of realized commodity hedge gain/loss attributable to our equity volumes, previously shown in other. the price is calculated using total commodity sales plus the hedge gain/loss as the numerator and total sales volume as the denominator.
the following table presents the realized commodity hedge gain/loss attributable to our equity volumes that are included in the gross margin of gathering and processing segment:
(in millions, except volumetric data and price amounts)
(1)   the price spread is the differential between the contracted derivative instrument pricing and the price of the corresponding settled commodity transaction.
the increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher volumes in the permian and badlands, partially offset by lower central volumes and realized prices. ngl production and ngl sales increased primarily due to higher inlet volumes and increased ngl recoveries. natural gas sales increased primarily due to higher inlet volumes. in the permian, natural gas inlet volumes and ngl production increased due to production from new wells and the addition of the hopson, pembrook and falcon plants in 2019. in the badlands, natural gas gathered volumes and ngl production increased due to production from new wells and the incremental processing capacity available with the commencement of operations at the lm4 plant in the third quarter of 2019. total crude oil gathered volumes increased in both the permian and the badlands due to production from new wells.
the increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher permian, badlands and central volumes and higher ngl and condensate realized prices, partially offset by the impact of lower realized natural gas prices. ngl production, ngl sales and natural gas sales increased due to higher field gathering and processing inlet volumes and increased ngl recoveries including reduced ethane rejection. coastal gathering and processing had a positive margin impact due to richer gas, increased recoveries and higher realized ngl prices, partially offset by slightly lower inlet volumes. total crude oil gathered volumes increased in the permian region due to production from new wells, system expansions and the inclusion of the march 2017 permian acquisition for the full year in 2018. in the badlands, total crude oil gathered volumes and natural gas gathered volumes increased primarily due to production from new wells and system expansions.
operating expenses increased as a result of higher compensation, contract labor and other costs primarily associated with new plants in the permian and central regions and system expansions in the badlands.
equity volume hedges the gathering and processing segment contains the results of commodity derivative activities related to hedges of equity volumes that are included in gross margin. the primary purpose of our commodity risk management activities is to mitigate a portion of the impact of commodity prices on our operating cash flow.
we have entered into derivative instruments to hedge the commodity price associated with a portion of our expected natural gas, ngl and condensate equity volumes in our gathering and processing operations that result from percent of proceeds/liquids processing arrangements. because we are essentially forward-selling a portion of our future plant equity volumes, these hedge positions will move favorably in periods of falling commodity prices and unfavorably in periods of rising commodity prices. see further details of our risk management program in "item 7a. - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
(1)   segment operating statistics include intersegment amounts, which have been eliminated from the consolidated presentation. for all volume statistics presented, the numerator is the total volume sold during the year and the denominator is the number of calendar days during the year.
(2)   fractionation contracts include pricing terms composed of base fees and fuel and power components that vary with the cost of energy. as such, the logistics and transportation segment results include effects of variable energy costs that impact both gross margin and operating expenses. fractionation volumes for 2019 reflect volumes delivered and fractionated, whereas fractionation volumes for 2018 and 2017 reflect volumes delivered and settled under fractionation contracts.
(3)   export volumes represent the quantity of ngl products delivered to third-party customers at our galena park marine terminal that are destined for international markets.
(4)   pipeline throughput represents the total quantity of mixed ngls delivered by grand prix, which commenced full operations in the third quarter of 2019, to mont belvieu.
the increase in logistics and transportation gross margin was primarily due to higher ngl transportation and fractionation volumes and higher lpg export volumes. segment gross margin increased due to higher ngl transportation and fractionation margin, higher marketing margin, and higher lpg export margin, partially offset by the sale of certain petroleum logistics terminals in the fourth quarter of 2018. ngl transportation and fractionation margin increased due to volumes delivered on grand prix, which began full service into mont belvieu during the third quarter of 2019, and higher fractionation volumes as a result of the commencement of operations of train 6 in the second quarter of 2019, partially offset by fewer short-term high-fee fractionation contracts in 2019 and less favorable system product gains. marketing margin increased due to optimization of liquids and gas arrangements. lpg export margin increased primarily due to higher volumes.
operating expenses increased due to higher compensation and benefits and higher taxes primarily attributable to grand prix and train 6 operations that commenced in 2019, higher maintenance, and higher fuel and power costs that are largely passed through to customers.
logistics and transportation gross margin increased due to higher fractionation margin, higher domestic marketing margin, higher lpg export margin, and higher terminaling and storage throughput, partially offset by lower commercial transportation margin and lower marketing gains. fractionation margin increased due to higher supply volume and higher fees, partially offset by lower system product gains. fractionation margin was partially impacted by the variable effects of fuel and power which are largely reflected in operating expenses (see footnote (2) above). domestic marketing margin increased due to higher terminal volumes and higher unit margins. lpg export margin increased primarily due to higher volumes. commercial transportation margin decreased primarily due to the sale of the company's inland marine barge business in the second quarter of 2018.
operating expenses increased due to higher fuel and power costs that are largely passed through and higher compensation and benefits, partially offset by lower maintenance expenses and lower taxes.
other contains the results of commodity derivative activity mark-to-market gains/losses related to derivative contracts that were not designated as cash flow hedges. we have entered into derivative instruments to hedge the commodity price associated with a portion of our future commodity purchases and sales and natural gas transportation basis risk within our logistics and transportation segment. see further details of our risk management program in "item 7a. - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
our liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2019, we had $331.1 million of "cash and cash equivalents" on our consolidated balance sheet. we believe our cash flows from operating activities, cash position, and remaining borrowing capacity on our credit facilities (discussed below in "short-term liquidity") are adequate to allow us to manage our day-to-day cash requirements and anticipated obligations as discussed further below.
our liquidity and capital resources are managed on a consolidated basis. we have the ability to access the partnership's liquidity, subject to the limitations set forth in the partnership agreement and any restrictions contained in the covenants of the partnership's debt agreements, as well as the ability to contribute capital to the partnership, subject to any restrictions contained in the covenants of our debt agreements.
on a consolidated basis, our ability to finance our operations, including funding capital expenditures and acquisitions, meeting our indebtedness obligations, refinancing our indebtedness and meeting our collateral requirements, and to pay dividends declared by our board of directors will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. our ability to generate cash is subject to a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. these include commodity prices and ongoing efforts to manage operating costs and maintenance capital expenditures, as well as general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors.
we are entitled to the entirety of distributions made by the partnership on its equity interests, other than those made to the trp preferred unitholders. the actual amount we declare as dividends depends on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, the level of our capital expenditures, future business prospects, compliance with our debt covenants and any other matters that our board of directors deems relevant.
the partnership's debt agreements and obligations to its preferred unitholders may restrict or prohibit the payment of distributions if the partnership is in default, threat of default, or arrears. if the partnership cannot make distributions to us, we may be limited in our ability, or unable, to pay dividends on our common stock. in addition, so long as any of our preferred shares are outstanding, certain common stock distribution limitations exist.
on a consolidated basis, our main sources of liquidity and capital resources are internally generated cash flows from operations, borrowings under the trc revolver, the trp revolver, and the securitization facility, access to debt and equity capital markets, and joint venture arrangements. we may supplement these sources of liquidity from time to time with proceeds from asset sales. for companies involved in hydrocarbon production, transportation and other oil and gas related services, the capital markets have experienced and may continue to experience volatility. our exposure to adverse credit conditions includes our credit facilities, cash investments, hedging abilities, customer performance risks and counterparty performance risks.
short-term liquidity our short-term liquidity on a consolidated basis as of february 14, 2020, was:
total availability under the trc revolver                                                      670.0                        -                      670.0
total availability under the trp revolver                                                          -                  2,200.0                    2,200.0
total availability under the securitization facility                                               -           400.0                               400.0
outstanding borrowings under the securitization facility                                           -                   (400.0   )                 (400.0   )
outstanding letters of credit under the trp revolver                                               -                    (87.9   )                  (87.9   )
total liquidity                                                                               $253.0           $2,217.8                         $2,470.8
other potential capital resources associated with our existing arrangements include:
•   our right to request an additional $200 million in commitment increases under the trc revolver, subject to the terms therein. the trc revolver matures on june 29, 2023.
•   our right to request an additional $500 million in commitment increases under the trp revolver, subject to the terms therein. the trp revolver matures on june 29, 2023.
a portion of our capital resources are allocated to letters of credit to satisfy certain counterparty credit requirements. these letters of credit reflect our non-investment grade status, as assigned to us by moody's and s&p. they also reflect certain counterparties' views of our financial condition and ability to satisfy our performance obligations, as well as commodity prices and other factors.
working capital working capital is the amount by which current assets exceed current liabilities. on a consolidated basis, at the end of any given month, accounts receivable and payable tied to commodity sales and purchases are relatively balanced, with receivables from ngl customers being offset by plant settlements payable to producers. the factors that typically cause overall variability in our reported total working capital are: (i) our cash position; (ii) liquids inventory levels and valuation, which we closely manage; (iii) changes in payables and accruals related to major growth projects; (iv) changes in the fair value of the current portion of derivative contracts; (v) monthly swings in borrowings under the securitization facility; and (vi) major structural changes in our asset base or business operations, such as acquisitions or divestitures and certain organic growth projects.
working capital as of december 31, 2019 increased $1,165.6 million compared to december 31, 2018. the increase was primarily attributable to the redemption of our 41⁄8% senior notes due 2019 and the contingent consideration payment associated with the permian acquisition, with funding provided by the issuance of long-term senior notes. the reclassification of long-term delaware crude gathering and storage assets to current held for sale assets, and cash received from the sale of an equity-method investment also contributed to the increase in working capital.
based on our anticipated levels of operations and absent any disruptive events, we believe that our internally generated cash flow, borrowings available under the trc revolver, the trp revolver and the securitization facility and proceeds from debt and equity offerings, as well as joint ventures and/or potential asset sales, should provide sufficient resources to finance our operations, capital expenditures, long-term debt obligations, collateral requirements and quarterly cash dividends for at least the next twelve months.
in february 2018, we formed three development joint ventures ("devco jvs") with investment vehicles affiliated with stonepeak, which committed a maximum of approximately $960 million of capital to the devco jvs.
as of december 31, 2019, total contributions from stonepeak to the devco jvs were $898.6 million. as of december 31, 2019, total contributions from blackstone to the grand prix joint venture were $329.6 million. these contributions from stonepeak and blackstone are included in noncontrolling interests.
from time to time, we issue long-term debt securities, which we refer to as senior notes. our senior notes issued to date, generally have similar terms other than interest rates, maturity dates and redemption premiums. as of december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, the aggregate principal amount outstanding of our senior notes and other various long-term debt obligations, including unamortized premiums, debt issuance costs and non-current liabilities of finance leases, was $7,440.2 million and $5,632.4 million, respectively.
we consolidate the debt of the partnership with that of our own; however, we do not have the contractual obligation to make interest or principal payments with respect to the debt of the partnership. our debt obligations do not restrict the ability of the partnership to make distributions to us. our credit agreement has restrictions and covenants that may limit our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. see note 10 - debt obligations for more information regarding our debt obligations.
the majority of our debt is fixed rate borrowings; however, we have some exposure to the risk of changes in interest rates, primarily as a result of the variable rate borrowings under the trc revolver, the trp revolver and the securitization facility. we may enter into interest rate hedges with the intent to mitigate the impact of changes in interest rates on cash flows. as of december 31, 2019, we did not have any interest rate hedges.
in january 2019, the partnership issued $750.0 million of 61⁄2% senior notes due july 2027 and $750.0 million of 67⁄8% senior notes due january 2029, resulting in total net proceeds of $1,486.6 million. the net proceeds from the issuance were used to redeem in full the partnership's outstanding 41⁄8% senior notes due 2019, at par value plus accrued interest through the redemption date, with the remainder used for general partnership purposes, which included repayment of borrowings under the partnership's credit facilities.
in april 2019, we closed on the sale of a 45% interest in targa badlands, the entity that holds substantially all of the assets previously wholly owned by targa in north dakota, to funds managed by blackstone for $1.6 billion in cash. we used the net cash proceeds to repay debt and for general corporate purposes, including funding our growth capital program. we continue to be the operator of targa badlands and hold majority governance rights. future growth capital of targa badlands is expected to be funded on a pro rata ownership basis. targa badlands pays a minimum quarterly distribution ("mqd") to blackstone and targa, with blackstone having a priority right on such mqds. additionally, blackstone's capital contributions would have a liquidation preference upon a sale of targa badlands. targa badlands is a discrete entity and the assets and credit of targa badlands are not available to satisfy the debts and other obligations of targa or its other subsidiaries. as of december 31, 2019, the contributions from blackstone were $71.3 million.
in the second quarter of 2019, williams exercised its initial option to acquire a 20% equity interest in train 7 and subsequently executed a joint venture agreement with us. certain fractionation-related infrastructure for train 7, including storage caverns and brine handling, will be funded and owned 100% by targa. as of december 31, 2019, the contributions from williams were $23.7 million.
on may 9, 2017, we entered into an equity distribution agreement (the "may 2017 eda"), pursuant to which we may sell through our sales agents, at our option, up to an aggregated amount of $750.0 million of our common stock (the "2017 atm program"). such shares of common stock were registered for sale under our universal shelf registration statement on form s-3 filed in may 2016 (the "may 2016 shelf") and the related prospectus supplement filed in may 2017.
on september 20, 2018, we entered into an equity distribution agreement (the "september 2018 eda"), pursuant to which we may sell through our sales agents, at our option, up to an aggregated amount of $750.0 million of our common stock (the "2018 atm program"). such shares of common stock were registered for sale under our may 2016 shelf and the related prospectus supplement filed in september 2018.
during 2019, no shares of common stock were issued under either the may 2017 eda or the september 2018 eda. as a result, we have $382.1 million and $750.0 million remaining under the may 2017 eda and september 2018 eda, respectively, as of december 31, 2019.
in november 2019, the partnership issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 51⁄2% senior notes due march 2030, resulting in net proceeds of $990.8 million. the net proceeds from the issuance were used to repay borrowings under its credit facilities and for general partnership purposes.
to date, our and our subsidiaries' debt balances have not adversely affected our operations, ability to grow or ability to repay or refinance indebtedness. for additional information about our debt-related transactions, see note 10 - debt obligations to our consolidated financial statements. for information about our interest rate risk, see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk-interest rate risk."
compliance with debt covenants as of december 31, 2019, both we and the partnership were in compliance with the covenants contained in our various debt agreements.
cash flow cash flows from operating activities
the primary drivers of cash flows from operating activities are (i) the collection of cash from customers from the sale of ngls, natural gas and other petroleum commodities, as well as fees for gas processing, crude gathering, export, fractionation, terminaling, storage and transportation, (ii) the payment of amounts related to the purchase of ngls and natural gas, (iii) changes in payables and accruals related to major growth projects; and (iv) the payment of other expenses, primarily field operating costs, general and administrative expense and interest expense. in addition, we use derivative instruments to manage our exposure to commodity price risk. changes in the prices of the commodities we hedge impact our derivative settlements as well as our margin deposit requirements on unsettled futures contracts.
net cash provided by operations increased in 2019 compared to 2018 primarily due to the net favorable impact of higher volumes and lower commodity prices, and an increase in cash received from hedging activities resulting from changes in commodity prices, partially offset by an increase in interest payments as a result of higher average borrowings.
net cash provided by operations increased from 2017 to 2018 primarily due to the impact of higher ngl and condensate prices and volumes, and decreased margin calls from futures contracts, partially offset by increases in payments for operating expenses and general and administration expenses. the increase was further offset by cash tax transactions. in 2017, we received net tax refunds mainly from a net operating loss carryback, which did not occur in 2018. the rising commodity prices and volumes resulted in higher cash collections from customers, partially offset by higher product purchases. increases in payments for operating expenses and general and administrative expenses were mainly due to system expansions, and higher compensation and benefits.
cash flows from investing activities
cash used in investing activities decreased slightly in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily due to lower cash outlays for property, plant and equipment, partially offset by lower proceeds from fewer assets and business sales. our capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment decreased $237.0 million primarily due to lower spending on grand prix as it began operations in the third quarter. in 2019, we received proceeds of $85.1 million from asset sales, primarily from the sale of an equity-method investment. in 2018, we received proceeds of $256.9 million from the sale of certain petroleum logistics terminals, the sale of our inland marine barge business and the exchange of a portion of our versado gathering system.
cash used in investing activities increased in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily due to increased outlays for property, plant and equipment and contributions to unconsolidated affiliates, partially offset by lower outlays for business acquisitions and higher proceeds from the sale of assets. our capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment increased $1,817.3 million in 2018 primarily related to a large number of capital projects, and our contributions to unconsolidated affiliates increased $272.5 million primarily due to the construction activities of gcx pipeline and the lm4 plant. we have made no cash payment for business acquisitions in 2018, whereas in 2017 we paid $570.8 million for the initial cash portion of the permian acquisition. in 2018, we received proceeds of $256.9 million from the sale of refined products and crude oil storage and terminaling facilities, the sale of our inland marine barge business and the exchange of a portion of our versado gathering system.
cash flows from financing activities
source of financing activities, net                                                                   (in millions)
debt, including financing costs                           1,104.4                  1,590.8                    149.4
contributions from noncontrolling interests, net            363.6                    747.2                     93.5
net cash provided by financing activities                $1,781.1                 $2,097.8                 $1,016.9
in 2019, we realized a net source of cash from financing activities primarily due to the sale of ownership interests in targa badlands and train 7, net increase of debt outstanding and net contributions from noncontrolling interests. the result was partially offset by payments of dividends and distributions, as well as the final contingent consideration payment associated with the permian acquisition. during 2019, we issued 61⁄2% senior notes due 2027, 67⁄8% senior notes due january 2029 and 51⁄2% senior notes due march 2030, with the use of proceeds primarily to repay the partnership's revolving credit facility and to redeem 41⁄8% senior notes due november 2019, resulting in net increases in debt outstanding. we received net contributions from noncontrolling interests primarily from stonepeak and blackstone to fund growth projects.
in 2018, we realized a net source of cash from financing activities primarily due to a net increase of debt outstanding, net contributions from noncontrolling interests and equity offerings under our december 2016 eda and may 2017 eda, partially offset by payments of dividends and distributions. the issuance of 57⁄8% senior notes due 2026 and increases in net borrowings under our credit facilities contributed to higher net debt outstanding. the contributions from noncontrolling interests were primarily from stonepeak and blackstone to fund growth projects.
in 2017, we realized a net source of cash from financing activities primarily due to equity offerings and a net increase of debt borrowing, partially offset by payments of dividends and distributions. we issued 9,200,000 shares of common stock in january 2017 and 17,000,000 shares of common stock in june 2017 through public offerings in addition to common stock offerings through our december 2016 equity distribution agreement. a portion of the proceeds from the equity issuances was used to repay outstanding borrowings under the trp revolver and to redeem trp's 63⁄8% senior notes due 2022. in october 2017, we issued 5% senior notes due 2028 and used a portion of the proceeds to redeem our 5% senior notes due 2018. during 2017, we sold a 25% interest in the grand prix joint venture to blackstone, which contributed a total of $96.3 million to the joint venture in 2017. the contributions from blackstone are included in financing activities as contributions from noncontrolling interests.
common dividends the following table details the dividends on common stock declared and/or paid by us for 2019:
(1)   represents accrued dividends on restricted stock and restricted stock units that are payable upon vesting.
preferred dividends our series a preferred has a liquidation value of $1,000 per share and bears a cumulative 9.5% fixed dividend payable quarterly 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter.
cash dividends of $91.7 million were paid to holders of the series a preferred during the year ended december 31, 2019. as of december 31, 2019, cash dividends accrued for our series a preferred were $22.9 million, which were paid on february 14, 2020.
capital expenditures our capital expenditures are classified as growth capital expenditures, business acquisitions, and maintenance expenditures. growth capital expenditures are typically related to significant expansions of facilities or pipe, or significant pipeline extensions, and other expenditures that improve the service capability of existing assets, extend asset useful lives, increase capacities from existing levels, add capabilities, reduce costs, or enhance revenues. maintenance capital expenditures are those expenditures that are necessary to maintain the service capability of our existing assets, including the replacement of system components and equipment, which are worn, obsolete or near completion of their useful life and expenditures to remain in compliance with environmental laws and regulations.
capital expenditures:
consideration for business acquisition                                                             $-                       $-                   $987.1
cash outlay for business acquisition, net of cash acquired                                          -                        -                    570.8
gross capital expenditures                                                                    2,708.5                  3,327.7                  1,506.5
transfers of capital expenditures to investment in unconsolidated affiliates                        -                     16.0                        -
change in capital project payables and accruals                                                 194.4                   (216.2   )               (205.4   )
cash outlays for capital projects                                                             2,877.8                  3,114.8                  1,297.5
total capital outlays                                                                        $2,877.8                 $3,114.8                 $1,868.3
(1)   see note 4 - joint ventures, acquisitions and divestitures of the "consolidated financial statements." represents the fair value of contingent consideration at the acquisition date. the final earn-out payment of $317.1 million was made in may 2019.
(2)   growth capital expenditures, net of contributions from noncontrolling interests, were $2,201.7 million, $2,612.8 million and $1,342.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017. net contributions to investments in unconsolidated affiliates were $80.0 million, $113.4 million and $9.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017.
(3)   maintenance capital expenditures, net of contributions from noncontrolling interests, were $134.9 million, $127.9 million and $99.1 million for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017.
during 2019, we invested $2,281.7 million in growth capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interests (exclusive of outlays for business acquisitions), and net contributions to investments in unconsolidated affiliates ("net growth capital expenditures"). we currently estimate that in 2020 we will invest approximately between $1,200 to $1,300 million in net growth capital expenditures for announced projects. future growth capital expenditures may vary based on investment opportunities. we expect that 2020 maintenance capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interests, will be approximately $150 million.
our growth capital expenditures decreased for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018, primarily due to lower spending on grand prix as it began operations in the third quarter, partially offset by spending related to construction of train 7 and train 8, and additional processing plants and associated infrastructure in the permian basin. our maintenance capital expenditures were relatively flat for 2019 as compared to 2018.
our growth capital expenditures increased for the year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily due to spending related to grand prix, additional processing plants and associated infrastructure in the permian basin, southok and badlands, and construction of train 6. our maintenance capital expenditures increased for 2018 as compared to 2017, primarily due to our increased asset base and additional infrastructure.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2019, there were $54.9 million in surety bonds outstanding related to various performance obligations. these are in place to support various performance obligations as required by (i) statutes within the regulatory jurisdictions where we operate and (ii) counterparty support. obligations under these surety bonds are not normally called, as we typically comply with the underlying performance requirement.
we have invested in entities that are not consolidated in our financial statements. for information on our obligations with respect to these investments, as well as our obligations with respect to related letters of credit, see note 8 - investments in unconsolidated affiliates and note 10 - debt obligations.
contractual obligations in addition to disclosures related to debt and lease obligations, contained in our "consolidated financial statements" beginning on page f-1 of this annual report, the following is a summary of certain contractual obligations over the next several years:
land site lease and rights of way (5)                         150.4                         3.8                         8.4                         8.8                       129.4
pipeline capacity and throughput agreements (7)             1,197.7                       185.7                       337.9                       236.3                       437.8
commodities (8)                                                94.9                        81.4                        13.5                           -                           -
purchase commitments and service contracts (9)                366.3                       350.6                         6.3                         2.4                         7.0
other long-term liabilities (10)                               51.2                           -                        15.9                         7.9                        27.4
commodity volumetric commitments natural gas (mmbtu)                                            20.8                        20.8                           -                           -                           -
(1)   represents scheduled future maturities of long-term debt obligations for the periods indicated. see note 10 - debt obligations for more information regarding our debt obligations.
(2)   represents interest expense on debt obligations based on both fixed debt interest rates and prevailing december 31, 2019 rates for floating debt. see note 10 - debt obligations for more information regarding our debt obligations.
(3)   includes minimum payments on finance lease obligations for vehicles and tractors. see note 12 - leases for more information regarding our finance leases.
()   includes minimum payments on operating lease obligations for office space and railcars. see note 12 - leases for more information regarding our operating leases.
()   land site lease and rights of way provides for surface and underground access for gathering, processing and distribution assets that are located on property not owned by us. these agreements expire at various dates with varying terms, some of which are perpetual. see note 20 - commitments for more information regarding our land site lease and rights of way.
()   a purchase obligation represents an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable, legally binding and specifies all significant terms, including: fixed minimum or variable prices provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction.
()   consists of pipeline capacity payments for firm transportation and throughput and deficiency agreements.
()   includes natural gas and ngl purchase commitments. contracts that will be settled at future spot prices are valued using prices as of december 31, 2019.
()   includes commitments for capital expenditures, operating expenses and service contracts.
()   includes long-term liabilities of which we are certain of the amount and timing, including certain arrangements that resulted in deferred revenue and other liabilities pertaining to accrued dividends. see note 11 - other long-term liabilities for more information regarding our other long-term liabilities.
critical accounting policies and estimates the accounting policies and estimates discussed below are considered by management to be critical to an understanding of our financial statements because their application requires the most significant judgments from management in estimating matters for financial reporting that are inherently uncertain. see the description of our accounting policies in the notes to the financial statements for additional information about our critical accounting policies and estimates.
depreciation of property, plant and equipment and amortization of intangible assets depreciation of our property, plant and equipment is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. our estimate of depreciation incorporates assumptions regarding the useful economic lives and residual values of our assets. the determination of useful lives of property, plant and equipment requires us to make various assumptions, including our expected use of the asset and the supply of and demand for hydrocarbons in the markets served, normal wear and tear of facilities, and the extent and frequency of maintenance programs.
we amortize the costs of our intangible assets in a manner that closely resembles the expected benefit pattern of the intangible assets or on a straight-line basis, where such pattern is not readily determinable, over the periods in which we benefit from services provided to customers. at the time assets are placed in service or acquired, we believe such assumptions are reasonable; however, circumstances may develop that would cause us to change these assumptions, which would change our depreciation/amortization amounts prospectively.
impairment of long-lived assets, including intangible assets we evaluate long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate our carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. asset recoverability is measured by comparing the carrying value of the asset or asset group with its expected future pre-tax undiscounted cash flows. individual assets are grouped at the lowest level for which the related identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. these cash flow estimates require us to make judgments and assumptions related to operating and cash flow results, economic obsolescence, the business climate, contractual, legal and other factors.
if the carrying amount exceeds the expected future undiscounted cash flows, we recognize an impairment equal to the excess of net book value over fair value as determined by quoted market prices in active markets or present value techniques if quotes are unavailable. the determination of the fair value using present value techniques requires us to make projections and assumptions regarding the probability of a range of outcomes and the rates of interest used in the present value calculations. any changes we make to these projections and assumptions could result in significant revisions to our evaluation of recoverability of our property, plant and equipment and the recognition of additional impairments.
price risk management (hedging)
our net income and cash flows are subject to volatility stemming from changes in commodity prices and interest rates. in an effort to reduce the volatility of our cash flows, we have entered into derivative financial instruments to hedge the commodity price associated with a portion of our expected natural gas, ngl, and condensate equity volumes, future commodity purchases and sales, and transportation basis risk.
one of the factors that can affect our operating results each period is the price assumptions used to value our derivative financial instruments, which are reflected at their fair values on the balance sheet. we determine the fair value of our derivative instruments using present value methods or standard option valuation models with assumptions about commodity prices based on those observed in underlying markets. changes in the methods or assumptions we use to calculate the fair value of our derivative instruments could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
recent accounting pronouncements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements that will affect us, see note 3 - significant accounting policies in our consolidated financial statements.