item 1a.   risk factors.
an investment in our common stock involves various risks, including those mentioned below and those that are discussed from time to time in our periodic filings with the sec. investors should carefully consider these risks, along with the other information contained in this report, before making an investment decision regarding our common stock. there may be additional risks of which we are currently unaware, or which we currently consider immaterial. any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and value of our common stock.
risks relating to our business and the financial services industry.
our revenues are based on the market value and composition of the assets under our management, all of which are subject to fluctuation caused by factors outside of our control.
we derive our revenues primarily from investment advisory services provided by our subsidiaries to individual and institutional investors in the u.s. mutual funds and other investment products. our investment advisory fees typically are calculated as a percentage of the market value of the assets under our management. we generally earn higher fees on assets invested in our equity funds and equity investment portfolios than we earn on assets invested in our fixed income funds and portfolios. among equity products, there is a significant variation in fees earned from index-based products at the low end and emerging markets products at the high end. fees also vary across the fixed income products, though not as widely as equity products, with stable value products and money market products at the lower end and non-u.s. dollar denominated bond products at the high end. as a result, our revenues are dependent on the value and composition of the assets under our management, all of which are subject to substantial fluctuation due to many factors, including:
•   investment performance. if the investment performance of our managed investment portfolios is less than that of our competitors or applicable third-party benchmarks, we could lose existing and potential customers and suffer a decrease in assets under management. institutional investors in particular, consider changing investment advisers based upon poor relative investment performance. individual investors in contrast are more likely to react to poor absolute investment performance.
•   general market declines. we derive a significant portion of our revenues from advisory fees on sponsored portfolios. a downturn in stock or bond prices would cause the value of assets under our management to decrease, and may also cause investors to withdraw their investments, thereby further decreasing the level of assets under our management. a decline in equity market valuations may cause investors to transition to lower-fee portfolios such as fixed income, reducing our overall profitability. in addition, international markets, particularly emerging markets, which are often smaller, may not have the liquidity of established markets, may lack established regulations, and may experience significantly more volatility than established markets.
•   investor mobility. our investors generally may withdraw their funds at any time, without advance notice and with little to no significant penalty.
•   capacity constraints. prolonged periods of strong relative investment performance and/or strong investor inflows has resulted in and may result in capacity constraints within certain strategies, which can lead to, among other things, the closure of those strategies from additional investor inflows. if certain of our strategies are capacity constrained, our investment results in subsequent periods may be negatively impacted.
•   investing trends. changes in investing trends, particularly investor preference for passive or alternative investment products, and in retirement savings trends, may reduce interest in our products and may alter our mix of assets under management.
•   interest rate changes. investor interest in and the valuation of our fixed income investment funds and portfolios are affected by changes in interest rates.
•   geo-political exposure. our managed investment portfolios may have significant investments in international markets that are subject to risk of loss from political or diplomatic developments, government policies, civil unrest, currency fluctuations, illiquidity and capital controls, and changes in legislation related to foreign ownership.
a decrease in the value of assets under our management, or an adverse change in their composition, particularly in market segments where our assets are concentrated, could have a material adverse effect on our investment advisory fees and revenues. for any period in which revenues decline, net income and operating margins will likely
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg decline by a greater proportion because certain expenses will be fixed over that finite period and may not decrease in proportion to the decrease in revenues.
a significant majority of our revenues are based on contracts with the u.s. mutual funds that are subject to termination without cause and on short notice.
we provide investment advisory, distribution, and other administrative services to the u.s. mutual funds under various agreements. investment advisory services are provided to each t. rowe price mutual fund under individual investment management agreements. the board of each t. rowe price mutual fund must annually approve the terms of the investment management and service agreements and can terminate the agreement upon 60-days' notice. if a t. rowe price mutual fund seeks to lower the fees that we receive or terminate its contract with us, we would experience a decline in fees earned from the u.s. mutual funds, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and net income.
we operate in an intensely competitive industry. competitive pressures may result in a loss of customers and their assets or compel us to reduce the fees we charge to clients, thereby reducing our revenues and net income.
we are subject to competition in all aspects of our business from other financial institutions. some of these financial institutions have substantially greater resources than we do and may offer a broader range of financial products across more markets. some competitors operate in a different regulatory environment than we do which may give them certain competitive advantages in the investment products and portfolio structures that they offer. we compete with other providers of investment advisory services primarily based on the availability and objectives of the investment products offered, investment performance, fees and related expenses, and the scope and quality of investment advice and other client services. some institutions have proprietary products and distribution channels that make it more difficult for us to compete with them. substantially all of our investment products are available without sales or redemption fees, which means that investors may be more willing to transfer assets to competing products.
the market environment in recent years has led investors to increasingly favor lower fee passive investment products. as a result, investment advisors that emphasize passive products have gained and may continue to gain market share from active managers like us. while we believe there will always be demand for good active management, we cannot predict how much market share these competitors will gain.
if current or potential customers decide to move their assets to one of our competitors, we could face a significant decline in market share, assets under management, revenues, and net income. in the event that we decide to reduce the fees we charge for investment advisory services in response to competitive pressures, which we have done selectively in the past, revenues and operating margins could be adversely impacted.
our success depends on our key personnel and our financial performance could be negatively affected by the loss of their services.
our success depends on our highly skilled personnel, including our portfolio managers, investment analysts, sales and client relationship personnel, and corporate officers, many of whom have specialized expertise and extensive experience in our industry. strong financial services professionals are in demand, and we face significant competition for highly qualified employees. our u.s.-based associates do not have employment contracts, while our associates outside the u.s. have employment contracts where basic employment terms are confirmed in writing. generally, our associates can terminate their employment with us at any time. we cannot assure that we will be able to attract or retain key personnel.
due to the global nature of our investment advisory business, our key personnel may have reasons to travel to regions susceptible to higher risk of civil unrest, organized crime or terrorism and we may be unable to ensure the safety of personnel traveling to these regions. we have near- and long-term succession planning processes, including programs to develop our future leaders, which are intended to address future talent needs and minimize the impact of losing key talent. however, in order to retain or replace our key personnel, we may be required to increase compensation, which would decrease net income. the loss of key personnel could damage our reputation and make it more difficult to retain and attract new employees and investors. losses of assets from our client investors would decrease our revenues and net income, possibly materially.
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg our operations are complex and a failure to perform operational processes could have an adverse effect on our reputation and decrease our revenues.
we provide investment management, product administration, product recordkeeping, and tax reporting services to our clients. in certain cases, we rely on third-party vendors in the execution and delivery of these services.  there can be no assurance that these vendors will properly perform these processes or that there will not be interruptions in services from these third parties. failure to properly execute or oversee these services could subject us to regulatory sanctions, fines, penalties, or litigation.
new investment strategies, investment vehicles, distribution channels, or other evolutions of our business may increase the risk that our existing systems may not be adequate to control the risks introduced by such changes. significant business changes may require us to update our processes or technology and may increase risk to meeting our business objectives. in addition, our information systems and technology platforms might not be able to accommodate our continued growth, and the cost of maintaining such systems might increase from its current level. if any of these factors were to arise it could disrupt our operations, increase our expenses or result in financial exposure, regulatory inquiry or reputational damage.
the quantitative models we use may contain errors, which could result in financial losses or adversely impact product performance and client relationships.
we use various quantitative models to support investment decisions and processes, including those related to risk assessment, portfolio management, and activities. any errors in the underlying models or model assumptions could have unanticipated and adverse consequences on our business and reputation.
changes to benchmark indices may impact our business.
the manner in which certain reference rates are calculated could impact the investment portfolios we manage. the withdrawal and replacement of widely used benchmark indices such as the london interbank offered rate ("libor") with alternative benchmark rates may introduce a number of risks for our business. the fca in the u.k., which regulates libor, has announced that it will no longer compel panel banks to submit rates for libor after 2021. changes in the method pursuant to which libor is determined or the discontinuance of libor may adversely affect the amount of interest payable or interest receivable on certain portfolio investments. these changes may also impact the market liquidity and market value of these portfolio investments.
any damage to our reputation could harm our business and lead to a loss of revenues and net income.
we have spent many years developing our reputation for integrity, strong investment performance, and superior client service. our brand is a valuable intangible asset, but it is vulnerable to a variety of threats that can be difficult or impossible to control, and costly or even impossible to remediate. regulatory inquiries and rumors can tarnish or substantially damage our reputation, even if those inquiries are satisfactorily addressed. additionally, we are subject to the risk that our employees or third parties acting on our behalf may circumvent controls or act in a manner inconsistent with our policies and procedures. real or perceived conflicts between our clients' interests and our own, as well as any fraudulent activity or other exposure of client assets or information, may impair our reputation and subject us to litigation or regulatory action. any damage to our brand could impede our ability to attract and retain customers and key personnel, and reduce the amount of assets under our management, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and net income.
our operating results are dependent on the level of our expenses, which can vary significantly for many reasons, including:
•   expenses incurred in connection with our multi-year strategic plan to strengthen our long-term competitive position;
•   variations in the level of total compensation expense due to, among other things, changes in bonuses, stock-based awards, changes in employee benefit costs due to regulatory or plan design changes, changes in our employee count and mix, competitive factors, market performance, and inflation;
•   changes in the level of our advertising and promotion expenses, including the costs of expanding investment advisory services to investors outside of the u.s. and further penetrating u.s. distribution channels;
•   expenses and capital costs incurred to maintain and enhance our administrative and operating services infrastructure, such as technology assets, depreciation, amortization, and research and development;
•   changes in the costs incurred for third-party vendors that perform certain administrative and operating services;
•   changes in expenses that are correlated to our assets under management, such as distribution and servicing fees;
•   a future impairment of investments that is recognized in our consolidated balance sheet;
•   unanticipated material fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to the costs of our operations abroad;
•   unanticipated costs incurred to protect investor accounts and client goodwill; and
•   future changes to legal and regulatory requirements and potential litigation;
•   disruptions of third-party services such as communications, power, and mutual fund transfer agent, investment management, trading, and accounting systems.
under our agreements with the u.s. mutual funds, we charge the funds certain administrative fees and related expenses based upon contracted terms. if we fail to accurately estimate our underlying expense levels or are required to incur expenses relating to the mutual funds that are not otherwise paid by the funds, our operating results will be adversely affected. while we are under no obligation to provide financial support to any t. rowe price investment products, any financial support provided would reduce capital available for other purposes and may have an adverse effect on revenues and net income.
amendments to tax laws may impact the marketability of the products and services we offer our clients or the financial position of the company.
we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income-based taxes in both the united states and various foreign jurisdictions. we cannot predict future changes in the tax regulations to which we are subject, and these regulations could have a material impact on our liability or result in increased costs of our tax compliance efforts.
additionally, changes in the status of tax deferred investment options, including retirement plans, tax-free municipal bonds, the capital gains and corporate dividend tax rates, and other individual and corporate tax rates could cause investors to view certain investment products less favorably and reduce investor demand for products and services we offer, which could have an adverse effect on our assets under management and revenues.
examinations and audits by tax authorities could result in additional tax payments for prior periods.
based on the global nature of our business, from time to time, we are subject to tax audits in various jurisdictions. the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes (and, in certain cases, interest, fines, or penalties). we have a process to evaluate whether to record tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional income taxes will be due. we adjust these liabilities in light of changing facts and circumstances. due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, however, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our estimates.
we have contracted with third-party financial intermediaries that distribute our investment products and such relationships may not be available or profitable to us in the future.
these contracted third-party intermediaries generally offer their clients various investment products in addition to, and in competition with, our investment products, and have no contractual obligation to encourage investment in our products. it would be difficult for us to acquire or retain the management of those assets without the assistance of the intermediaries, and we cannot assure that we will be able to maintain an adequate number of investment product offerings and successful distribution relationships. in addition, some investors rely on third-party financial
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg planners, registered investment advisers, and other consultants or financial professionals to advise them on the choice of investment adviser and investment product. these professionals and consultants can favor a competing investment product as better meeting their particular clients' needs. we cannot assure that our investment products will be among their recommended choices in the future. further, their recommendations can change over time and we could lose their recommendation and their clients' assets under our management. mergers, acquisitions, and other ownership or management changes could also adversely impact our relationships with these third-party intermediaries. the presence of any of the adverse conditions discussed above would reduce revenues and net income, possibly by material amounts.
armed conflicts, trade wars, tariffs or sanctions, terrorist attacks, cyber-attacks, power failures, climate change, and natural disasters could adversely affect our revenues, expenses, and net income by:
•   decreasing investment valuations in, and returns on, the investment portfolios that we manage,
•   causing disruptions in national or global economies that decrease investor confidence and make investment products generally less attractive,
•   incapacitating or inflicting losses of lives among our employees,
•   interrupting our business operations or those of critical service providers,
•   triggering technology delays or failures, and
•   requiring substantial capital expenditures and operating expenses to remediate damage, replace our facilities, and restore our operations.
a significant portion of our business operations are concentrated in the baltimore, maryland region and in london, england. in addition, we maintain offices with associates in many other global locations such as sydney, australia; hong kong; singapore; tokyo, japan; and luxembourg. we have developed various backup systems and contingency plans, but we cannot be assured that those preparations will be adequate in all circumstances that could arise, or that material interruptions and disruptions will not occur. we also rely to varying degrees on outside vendors for service delivery in addition to technology and disaster contingency support, and we cannot be assured that these vendors will be able to perform in an adequate and timely manner. if we lose the availability of any associates, or if we are unable to respond adequately to such an event in a timely manner, we may be unable to timely resume our business operations, which could lead to a tarnished reputation and loss of customers that results in a decrease in assets under management, lower revenues, and materially reduced net income.
our investment income and asset levels may be negatively impacted by fluctuations in our investment portfolio.
we currently have a substantial investment portfolio. all of these investments are subject to investment market risk, and our non-operating investment income could be adversely affected by the realization of losses upon the disposition of our investments or the recognition of significant impairments and the recognition of unrealized losses related to t. rowe price products that are consolidated or accounted for under the equity method. in addition, related investment income has fluctuated significantly over the years depending upon the performance of our corporate investments, including the impact of market conditions and interest rates, and the size of our corporate money market and longer-term mutual fund holdings. fluctuations in other investment income are expected to occur in the future.
we may review and pursue strategic transactions in order to maintain or enhance our competitive position and these could pose risks.
from time to time, we consider strategic opportunities, including potential acquisitions, dispositions, consolidations, organizational restructurings, joint ventures or similar transactions, any of which may impact our business. we cannot be certain that we will be able to identify, consummate and successfully complete such transactions, and no assurance can be given with respect to the timing, likelihood or business effect of any possible transaction. these initiatives typically involve a number of risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges to our ongoing business operations. in addition, acquisitions and related transactions involve risks, including unanticipated problems regarding integration of investor account and investment security recordkeeping, additional or new
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg regulatory requirements, operating facilities and technologies, and new employees; adverse effects on our earnings in the event acquired intangible assets or goodwill become impaired; and the existence of liabilities or contingencies not disclosed to or otherwise known by us prior to closing a transaction.
we own a 26% investment in uti asset management company ltd ("uti"), an indian asset management company, and we may consider non-controlling minority investments in other entities in the future. we may not realize future returns from such investments or any collaborative activities that may develop in the future.
we operate in a number of jurisdictions outside of the u.s. and have an equity investment in uti. our international operations require us to comply with the legal and regulatory requirements of various foreign jurisdictions and expose us to the political consequences of operating in foreign jurisdictions. our foreign business operations are also subject to the following risks:
•   difficulty in managing, operating, and marketing our international operations;
•   fluctuations in currency exchange rates which may result in substantial negative effects on assets under our management, revenues, expenses, and assets in our u.s. dollar based financial statements; and
•   significant adverse changes in international legal and regulatory environments.
legal and regulatory risks.
compliance within a complex regulatory environment imposes significant financial and strategic costs on our business, and non-compliance could result in fines and penalties.
if we are unable to maintain compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to criminal and civil liability, the suspension of our employees, fines, penalties, sanctions, injunctive relief, exclusion from certain markets, or temporary or permanent loss of licenses or registrations necessary to conduct our business. a regulatory proceeding, even if it does not result in a finding of wrongdoing or sanctions, could consume substantial expenditures of time and capital. any regulatory investigation and any failure to maintain compliance with applicable laws and regulations could severely damage our reputation, adversely affect our ability to conduct business, and decrease revenue and net income.
legal and regulatory developments in the mutual fund and investment advisory industry could increase our regulatory burden, impose significant financial and strategic costs on our business, and cause a loss of, or impact the servicing of, our clients and fund shareholders.
our regulatory environment is frequently altered by new regulations and by revisions to, and evolving interpretations of, existing regulations. new regulations present areas of uncertainty susceptible to alternative interpretations; regulators and prospective litigants may not agree with reasoned interpretations we adopt. future changes could require us to modify or curtail our investment offerings and business operations or impact our expenses and profitability. additionally, some regulations may not directly apply to our business but may impact the capital markets, service providers or have other indirect effects on our ability to provide services to our clients.
potential impacts of current or proposed legal or regulatory requirements include, without limitation, the following:
•   as part of the debate in washington, d.c. and in state legislatures, there has been increasing focus on the framework of the u.s. retirement system. we could experience adverse business impacts if legislative and regulatory changes limit retirement plans to certain products and services, or favor certain investment vehicles, that we do not offer or are not core to our business.
•   there has been substantial regulatory and legislative activity at federal and state levels regarding standards of care for financial services firms, related to both retirement and taxable accounts. actions taken by applicable regulatory or legislative bodies may impact our business activities and increase our costs.
•   the federal reserve board has adopted final regulations related to non-bank systemically important financial institutions ("sifis"), and other jurisdictions are contemplating similar regulation. at this time, us
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg regulators have not designated mutual funds or traditional asset managers as non-bank sifis. however, if any t. rowe price fund or t. rowe price affiliate was deemed a sifi, increased regulatory oversight would apply to our business, which may include enhanced capital, liquidity, leverage, stress testing, resolution planning, and risk management requirements.
•   the commodity futures trading commission ("cftc") has adopted certain amendments to its rules that would limit the ability of t. rowe price investment products to use futures, swaps, and other derivatives without additional registration. as such, we intend to register certain subsidiaries with the cftc which would subject us to additional regulatory requirements and costs associated with registrations.
•   there has been increased global regulatory focus on the manner in which intermediaries are paid for distribution of mutual funds. changes to long-standing market practices related to fees or enhanced disclosure requirements may negatively impact sales of mutual funds by intermediaries, especially if such requirements are not applied to other investment products.
•   we remain subject to various state, federal and international laws and regulations related to data privacy and protection of data we maintain concerning our customers and employees. these requirements continue to evolve. for example, california has adopted regulations, effective in january 1, 2020, which, among other things, significantly increased the potential penalties for non-compliance.
•   after the 2008 financial crisis, global regulations on over-the-counter derivatives spearheaded by the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act in the united states and european market infrastructure regulation in the european union ("eu") have imposed clearing, margin, trade reporting, electronic trading and recordkeeping requirements on market participants. alongside their general stabilizing and risk-reducing effect on the markets, these requirements have introduced operational complexity and additional costs to derivatives portfolios.
•   the revised markets in financial instruments directive ("mifid ii directive") and regulation ("mifir") (together "mifid ii") applied across the eu and member states of the european economic area beginning on january 3, 2018. implementation of mifid ii has significantly impacted both the structure and operation of eu financial markets. some of the main changes introduced under mifid ii include applying enhanced disclosure requirements, enhancing conduct of business and governance requirements, broadening the scope of pre and post trade transparency, increasing transaction reporting requirements, transforming the relationship between client commissions and research, and further regulation of trading venues. compliance with mifid ii has increased operational complexity and increased our costs. for example, we began to pay for third-party investment research used by our uk-based investment manager, t. rowe price international ltd, in 2018, and we now pay for all the research needs of our investment professionals globally.
we cannot predict the nature of future changes to the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to our business, nor the extent of the impacts that will result from current or future proposals. however, any such changes are likely to increase the costs of compliance and the complexity of our operations. they may also result in changes to our product or service offerings. the changing regulatory landscape may also impact a number of our service providers and, to the extent such providers alter their services or increase their fees, it may impact our expenses or those of the products we offer.
we may become involved in legal and regulatory proceedings that may not be covered by insurance.
we are subject to regulatory and governmental inquiries and civil litigation. an adverse outcome of any such proceeding could involve substantial financial penalties. from time to time, various claims against us arise in the ordinary course of business, including employment-related claims. there also has been an increase in litigation and in regulatory investigations in the financial services industry in recent years, including customer claims, class action suits, and government actions alleging substantial monetary damages and penalties.
we carry insurance in amounts and under terms that we believe are appropriate. we cannot be assured that our insurance will cover every liability and loss to which we may be exposed, or that our insurance policies will continue to be available at acceptable terms and fees. certain insurance coverage may not be available or may be prohibitively expensive in future periods. as our insurance policies come up for renewal, we may need to assume higher deductibles or co-insurance liabilities, or pay higher premiums, which would increase our expenses and reduce our net income.
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg net capital requirements may impede the business operations of our subsidiaries.
certain of our subsidiaries are subject to net capital requirements imposed by various federal, state, and foreign authorities. each of our subsidiaries' net capital meets or exceeds all current minimum requirements; however, a significant change in the required net capital, an operating loss, or an extraordinary charge against net capital could adversely affect the ability of our subsidiaries to expand or maintain their operations if we were unable to make additional investments in them.
united kingdom exit from european union.
we have a significant locally authorized and regulated presence in the united kingdom ("uk") to support our global investment management business. the ultimate impact of the uk exit ("brexit") from the european union ("eu"), on our business operations in the uk and europe could vary depending on the details of the separation agreement or any subsequent trade relationship between the uk and eu. while we cannot predict the outcome at this time, we have realigned our eu and uk operations so that we are as prepared if the eu and uk are unable to reach a separation agreement or future trade agreement.  we remain committed to our clients, associates and business expansion across the region.
technology risks.
we require specialized technology to operate our business and would be adversely affected if we fail to maintain adequate infrastructure to conduct or expand our operations or if our technology became inoperative or obsolete.
we depend on highly specialized and, in many cases, proprietary or third-party licensed technology to support our business functions, including among others:
•   securities analysis,
•   securities trading,
•   portfolio management,
•   customer service,
•   accounting and internal financial reporting processes and controls, and
•   regulatory compliance and reporting.
all of our technology systems, including those provided by vendors, are vulnerable to disability or failures due to cyber-attacks, natural disasters, power failures, acts of war or terrorism, sabotage, and other causes. a suspension or termination of vendor-provided software licenses or related support, upgrades, and maintenance could cause system delays or interruption. although we have robust business and disaster recovery plans, if our technology systems were to fail and we were unable to recover in a timely way, we would be unable to fulfill critical business functions, which could lead to a loss of customers and could harm our reputation. a technological breakdown could also interfere with our ability to comply with financial reporting and other regulatory requirements, exposing us to disciplinary action and liability to our customers.
in addition, our continued success depends on our ability to effectively integrate operations across many countries, and to adopt new or adapt existing technologies to meet client, industry, and regulatory demands. we might be required to make significant capital expenditures to maintain competitive infrastructure. if we are unable to upgrade our infrastructure in a timely fashion, we might lose customers and fail to maintain regulatory compliance, which could affect our results of operations and severely damage our reputation.
a cyberattack or a failure to implement effective information and cybersecurity policies, procedures and capabilities could disrupt operations and cause financial losses.
we are dependent on the effectiveness of the information and cybersecurity policies, procedures and capabilities we maintain to protect our systems and data. an externally caused information security incident, such as a
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg cyberattack, a phishing scam, virus, ransomware attack or denial-of-service attack, could materially interrupt business operations or cause disclosure or modification of sensitive or confidential client or competitive information. in addition, our third-party vendors and other intermediaries with which we conduct business and transmit data could be subject to a successful cyberattack or other information security event, and we cannot ensure that such third parties have all appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of information in the custody of those third parties.
there have been increasing numbers of publicized cybersecurity incidents in recent years impacting other financial services firms as well as firms in other industries. our use of third-party vendors and cloud technologies could heighten this risk. should our technology operations be compromised, we may have to make significant investments to upgrade, repair or replace our technology infrastructure and may not be able to make such investments on a timely basis. although we maintain insurance coverage that we believe is reasonable, prudent and adequate for the purpose of our business, it may be insufficient to protect us against all losses and costs stemming from breaches of security, cyberattacks and other types of unlawful activity, or any resulting disruptions from such events.
we could be subject to losses if we fail to properly safeguard and maintain sensitive and confidential information.
as part of our normal operations, we maintain and transmit confidential information about our clients, associates and other parties, as well as, proprietary information relating to our business operations. we maintain a system of internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that fraudulent activity, including misappropriation of assets, fraudulent financial reporting, and unauthorized access to sensitive or confidential data, is either prevented or detected in a timely manner. we also leverage cloud-based solutions for the transmission and storage of this information. our systems, or those of third-party service providers we may use to maintain and transmit such information, could be victimized by unauthorized users or corrupted by computer viruses or other malicious software code. additionally, authorized persons could inadvertently or intentionally release confidential or proprietary information. such disclosure could, among other things:
•   allow competitors access to our proprietary business information,
•   subject us to liability for a failure to safeguard personal or confidential data,
•   result in the termination of contracts by our existing customers,
•   subject us to regulatory action, and
•   require significant capital and operating expenditures to investigate and remediate the breach.
furthermore, if any person, including any of our employees, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to personal or confidential data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions.
we are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as u.s. federal and state laws and foreign regulations governing the protection of personal or confidential data. in addition to the eu's general data protection regulation, other governmental authorities throughout the u.s. and around the world are considering similar types of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection. for example, the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (the "ccpa"), came into effect on january 1, 2020. the ccpa requires companies that process information on california residents to make new disclosures to consumers about their data collection, use and sharing practices, and allows consumers to opt out of any sales of their data to third parties and provides a new cause of action for data breaches. additionally, the federal trade commission and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the collection, use, dissemination and security of data. each of these privacy, security, and data protection laws and regulations could impose significant limitations, require changes to our business, or restrict our use or storage of personal information, which may increase our compliance expenses and make our business more costly or less efficient to conduct.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
overview.
our revenues and net income are derived primarily from investment advisory services provided to individual and institutional investors in u.s. mutual funds, subadvised funds, separately managed accounts, and other t. rowe price products. the other t. rowe price products include: collective investment trusts, open-ended investment products offered to investors outside the u.s., and products offered through variable annuity life insurance plans in the u.s.
we manage a broad range of u.s., international and global stock, bond, and money market mutual funds and other investment products, which meet the varied needs and objectives of individual and institutional investors. investment advisory revenues depend largely on the total value and composition of assets under our management. accordingly, fluctuations in financial markets and in the composition of assets under management affect our revenues and results of operations. additionally, approximately one-third of our operating expenses are impacted by financial markets. we incur significant expenditures to develop new products and services and improve and expand our capabilities and distribution channels in order to attract new investment advisory clients and additional investments from our existing clients. these efforts often involve costs that precede any future revenues that we may recognize from an increase to our assets under management.
the general trend to passive investing has been persistent and accelerated in recent years, which has negatively impacted our new client inflows. however, over the long term we expect well-executed active management to play an important role for investors. in this regard, we remain debt-free with ample liquidity and resources that allow us to take advantage of attractive growth opportunities. we are investing in key capabilities, including investment professionals, technologies, and new product offerings; and, most importantly, we provide our clients with strong investment management expertise and service both now and in the future.
market trends.
u.s. stocks surged in 2019, as equities bounced back strongly from deep losses in the fourth quarter of 2018. a major driver of market performance was the federal reserve's decision to keep short-term interest rates steady in the first half of the year, then reduce rates three times starting in late july as a "midcycle adjustment" of its monetary policy. many other central banks around the world also reduced rates in response to slowing economic growth. the trade conflict between the u.s. and china was another major driver of market sentiment. markets wavered at times through much of the year as both sides announced new tariffs on the other's goods. speculation then arose in the fall that the u.s. and china were close to reaching an agreement, but a preliminary "phase one" trade deal was not reached until december.
stocks in developed non-u.s. equity markets rose strongly but underperformed u.s. shares. european stocks were widely positive. uk shares advanced more than 21% but lagged the region as brexit-related uncertainty persisted for most of the year. boris johnson succeeded theresa may as prime minister during the summer, but the house of commons did not vote in favor of the united kingdom's withdrawal agreement with the european union until december, shortly after the conservative party decisively won a general election. returns in developed asian markets were broadly positive in u.s. dollar terms. hong kong underperformed the region with a 10% gain. hong kong's economy and stock market have been hurt by ongoing protests that were triggered by a controversial extradition bill.
emerging markets stocks underperformed shares in developed markets. asian equities were mostly positive in u.s. dollar terms, but most markets significantly lagged strong returns in china and taiwan. in emerging europe, russian stocks surged about 53%; turkish stocks lagged with a 12% gain. in latin america, stocks in colombia and brazil posted very strong returns, but shares in argentina and chile fell sharply.
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg results of several major equity market indexes for 2019 are as follows:
nasdaq composite index(1)                             35.2%
msci emerging markets index                           18.9%
(1) returns exclude dividends global bond returns were broadly positive, as longer-term government bond yields in developed markets declined and various central banks enacted new stimulus measures. in the u.s., the federal reserve reduced the federal funds target rate to a range of 1.50%-1.75% by the end of the year. the 10-year treasury note yield decreased from 2.69% to 1.92% at year-end, though above its late-summer lows, which were around 1.50%.
in the u.s., the investment-grade bond market, long-term treasuries and corporate bonds fared best. mortgage-backed securities advanced to a lesser extent, hindered by an increase in mortgage prepayments and refinancing activity. municipal bonds did well amid solid demand but slightly underperformed taxable securities. high yield bonds advanced strongly for the year as investors embraced riskier assets and searched for higher yields because of falling interest rates.
bonds in developed non-u.s. markets produced positive returns in u.s. dollar terms, as the dollar weakened against most major currencies and government bond yields generally declined. in the eurozone, the european central bank decided to cut its short-term benchmark rate deeper into negative territory in september. on november 1, the european central bank resumed its quantitative easing program and began purchasing €20 billion of securities every month. emerging markets debt appreciated strongly in dollar terms. bonds denominated in u.s. dollars outperformed local currency debt, as a few key emerging markets currencies declined against the dollar.
results of several major bond market indexes for 2019 are as follows:
jpmorgan emerging markets bond index plus                       12.6%
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg assets under management.
assets under management ended 2019 at $1,206.8 billion, an increase of $244.5 billion from the end of 2018. net cash inflows of $13.2 billion for 2019, combined with market appreciation and income, net of distributions not reinvested, increased our assets under management by $231.3 billion. the following table details changes in our assets under management by vehicle during the last three years:
(in billions)                                          u.s. mutual funds           subadvised and separate accounts            other investment products                 total assets under management at december 31, 2016              $514.2                                $206.9                                  $89.7                       $810.8
net cash flows before client transfers                       9.4                                   1.4                                    3.2                         14.0
net market appreciation and income                         104.6                                  45.2                                   18.2                        168.0
change during the period                                    92.1                                  48.3                                   39.9                        180.3
assets under management at december 31, 2017               606.3                                 255.2                                  129.6                        991.1
net cash flows before client transfers                       4.4                                   (.2            )                       9.0                         13.2
net market depreciation, net of income                     (22.7       )                          (7.8            )                      (8.4          )             (38.9   )
change during the period                                   (41.8       )                          (5.2            )                      18.2                        (28.8   )
assets under management at december 31, 2018               564.5                                 250.0                                  147.8                        962.3
net cash flows before client transfers                       7.6                                   (.3            )                       5.9                         13.2
net market appreciation and income                         135.6                                  63.0                                   34.5                        233.1
change during the period                                   118.2                                  63.8                                   62.5                        244.5
assets under management at december 31, 2019              $682.7                                $313.8                                 $210.3                     $1,206.8
(1)in all three years, the majority of the client transfers were from the t. rowe price u.s. mutual funds to the t. rowe price collective investment trusts, which are included in other investment products.
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg the following table details changes in our assets under management by asset class during the last three years:
(in billions)                                              equity             fixed income, including money market           multi-asset(1)                 total assets under management at december 31, 2016          $450.6                                 $121.2                           $239.0                   $810.8
net market appreciation and income(2)                  115.1                                    4.6                             46.6                    166.3
change during the period                               113.5                                   13.2                             53.6                    180.3
assets under management at december 31, 2017           564.1                                  134.4                            292.6                    991.1
net market depreciation, net of income(2)              (22.8    )                              (1.2              )             (18.0      )             (42.0   )
change during the period                               (24.2    )                               1.7                             (6.3      )             (28.8   )
assets under management at december 31, 2018           539.9                                  136.1                            286.3                    962.3
net market appreciation and income(2)                  159.2                                    8.3                             63.8                    231.3
change during the period                               159.0                                   11.8                             73.7                    244.5
assets under management at december 31, 2019          $698.9                                 $147.9                           $360.0                 $1,206.8
(1) the underlying assets under management of the multi-asset portfolios have been aggregated and presented in this category and not reported in the equity and fixed income columns.
investment advisory clients outside the u.s. account for 6.9% of our assets under management at december 31, 2019, and 6.2% at december 31, 2018.
our net cash flows in 2019, 2018, and 2017 were driven by diversified inflows across distribution channels and geographies, the strength of our multi-asset franchise, and positive flows into fixed income and international equity.
our target date retirement products, which are included in the multi-asset totals shown above, continue to be a significant part of our assets under management. net cash flows after client transfers shown above include $9.8 billion in 2019, $12.0 billion in 2018, and $7.1 billion in 2017 from the target date retirement products. assets under management in our target date retirement products, by vehicle, are as follows:
collective investment trusts       119.2                 79.7                 63.7
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg investment performance.
strong investment performance and brand awareness is a key driver to attracting and retaining assets-and to our long-term success. the percentage of our u.s. mutual funds1 (across primary share classes) that outperformed their comparable morningstar median on a total return basis and that are in the top morningstar quartile for the one-, three-, five-, and 10-years ended december 31, 2019, were:
1 year   3 years   5 years   10 years outperformed morningstar median(2)
(2) source: © 2019 morningstar, inc. all rights reserved. the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete, or timely. neither morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. past performance is no guarantee of future results. historically, the firm has disclosed the percentage of u.s. mutual funds (across all share classes) that outperformed their comparable lipper averages on a total return basis and that are in the top lipper quartile for the same periods. investment performance results using the new measures are similar to the lipper results.
in addition, 84% of our rated u.s. mutual funds' assets under management ended the quarter with an overall rating of four or five stars from morningstar. the performance of our institutional strategies against their benchmarks remains competitive, especially over longer time periods.
the following table and discussion set forth information regarding our consolidated financial results for 2019, 2018 and 2017 on a u.s. gaap basis as well as a non-gaap basis. the non-gaap basis adjusts for the impact of our consolidated t. rowe price investment products, the impact of market movements on the supplemental savings plan liability and related economic hedges, investment income related to certain other investments, and certain nonrecurring charges and gains.
2019 compared with 2018                   2018 compared with 2017
(in millions, except per-share data)                                         2019                        2018                  2017          $ change            % change              $ change            % change u.s. gaap basis investment advisory fees                                          $5,112.5                    $4,850.6                 $4,295.8          $261.9                5.4      %          $554.8               12.9   %
assets under management (in billions)
average assets under management                                   $1,109.3                    $1,036.5                   $909.0           $72.8                7.0      %          $127.5               14.0   %
ending assets under management                                    $1,206.8                      $962.3                   $991.1          $244.5               25.4      %          $(28.8     )         (2.9   )%
(1) the percentage change in non-operating income is not meaningful (n/m).
(2) see the reconciliation to the comparable u.s. gaap measures at the end of the results of operations section of this management's discussion and analysis.
results overview investment advisory revenues. investment advisory fees are earned based on the value and composition of our assets under management, which change based on fluctuations in financial markets and net cash flows. as our average assets under management increase or decrease in a given period, the level of our investment advisory fee revenue for that same period generally fluctuates in a similar manner. our annualized effective fee rates can be impacted by market or cash flow related shifts among asset and share classes, price changes in existing products, and asset level changes in products with tiered-fee structures.
investment advisory revenues earned in 2019 increased 5.4% over the comparable 2018 period as average assets under our management increased $72.8 billion, or 7.0%, to $1,109.3 billion. the average annualized fee rate earned on our assets under management was 46.1 basis points in 2019, compared with 46.8 basis points earned in 2018. our effective fee rate has declined largely due to client transfers within the complex to lower fee vehicles or share classes over the last year and, to a lesser extent, fee reductions we made to certain mutual funds and other products since 2018. we regularly assess the competitiveness of our investment advisory fees and will continue to make adjustments as deemed appropriate.
in 2018, investment advisory revenues increased 12.9% over the comparable 2017 period as average assets under our management increased $127.5 billion, or 14.0%, to $1,036.5 billion. the average annualized fee rate earned on our assets under management was 46.8 basis points in 2018, compared with 47.3 basis points earned in 2017. our effective fee rate declined in part due to client transfers within the complex to lower fee vehicles or share classes and, to a lesser extent, fee reductions we made to certain mutual funds and other products since 2017. further
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg contributing to our lower effective fee rate in 2018 was a greater percentage of our assets under management in lower fee products due to lower equity valuations in the fourth quarter of 2018.
operating expenses. operating expenses were $3,230.9 million in 2019, an increase of 7.3% over the comparable 2018 period. the increase in operating expenses was primarily due to greater market-related compensation expense related to the supplemental savings plan liability, higher salaries and benefits, higher bonus and stock-based compensation expense and the cost of our continued strategic investments. the 2018 period also includes the non-recurring $15.2 million reduction in operating expenses related to the conclusion of the dell appraisal rights matter. the higher expense related to the supplemental savings plan in 2019 is partially offset by non-operating gains earned on the investments used to hedge the related liability.
for 2018, operating expenses were $3,011.2 million as compared with $2,746.1 million in the 2017 period. the increase in operating expenses was primarily due to our continued strategic investments and higher bonus and stock-based compensation, which were driven by our 2018 operating results.
on a non-gaap basis, our operating expenses in 2019 increased 4.1% to $3,149.8 million compared with 2018. in 2018, our non-gaap operating expenses increased 8.9% to $3,025.5 million compared with 2017. our non-gaap operating expenses exclude the impacts of our supplemental savings plan, investment income related to certain other investments, our consolidated t. rowe price investment products, and certain non-recurring items. see our non-gaap reconciliations later in this management's discussion and analysis section.
our 2017 and 2018 operating expenses include certain financial impacts related to the dell appraisal rights matter as further discussed in note 14 to our consolidated financial statements. a summary of the financial impact of the dell appraisal rights matter on our annual pre-tax operating expenses and pre-tax operating cash flows since the matter arose in 2016 is as follows:
in 2020, we expect to advance our strategic priorities to sustain and deepen our investment talent, add investment capabilities both in terms of new strategies and new investment vehicles, expand capabilities through enhanced technology, and broaden our distribution reach globally. we currently expect our 2020 non-gaap operating expenses to grow in the range of 6% to 9%. this expense growth guidance includes continued investments in the business and technology capabilities, our cost optimization efforts, and the final part of the phased implementation of paying for all third-party investment research. as such, 2020 operating expenses will reflect a full year of all third-party investment research costs globally. we could elect to adjust our expense growth should unforeseen circumstances arise, including significant market movements.
operating margin. our operating margin in 2019 was 42.5%, compared with 44.0% in 2018 and 43.4% in 2017. the decrease in our operating margin in 2019 compared with 2018 is primarily driven by the higher compensation expense growth related to our supplemental savings plan as compared with the percentage growth in net revenues during 2019. the increase in our operating margin in 2018 compared to 2017 was driven by the higher percentage growth in net revenue attributable primarily to increases in our average assets under management compared with the percentage growth in operating expenses.
diluted earnings per share was $8.70 in 2019, $7.27 in 2018, and $5.97 in 2017. the 19.7% increase in diluted earnings per share in 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily driven by higher non-operating income, the benefit realized from increased share buybacks, which lowered the weighted-average shares outstanding, and a lower effective tax rate. the 21.8% increase in diluted earnings per share in 2018 compared with 2017 was driven by higher operating income and the benefit realized from a lower corporate tax rate under u.s. tax reform.
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg on a non-gaap basis, diluted earnings per share were $8.07 in 2019, $7.15 in 2018, and $5.43 in 2017. the 12.9% increase in non-gaap diluted earnings per share in 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily driven by higher operating income, higher investment income earned on our cash and discretionary investment portfolio, and lower weighted-average shares outstanding. see our non-gaap reconciliations later in this management's discussion and analysis section.
2019 compared with 2018                   2018 compared with 2017
(in millions)                                                               2019                  2018                  2017              $ change             % change              $ change            % change investment advisory fees u.s. mutual funds                                                   $3,452.5              $3,375.0              $3,080.0               $77.5                 2.3      %          $295.0                9.6      %
subadvised and separate accounts and other investment products       1,660.0               1,475.6               1,215.8               184.4                12.5      %           259.8               21.4      %
investment advisory fees. investment advisory fees are earned based on the value and composition of our assets under management, which change based on fluctuations in financial markets and net cash flows. as our average assets under management increase or decrease in a given period, the level of our investment advisory fee revenue for that same period generally fluctuates in a similar manner. the relationship between the change in average assets under management and the change in investment advisory fee revenue for 2019, 2018 and 2017 are presented below.
2019 compared with 2018                                                                               2018 compared with 2017
increase in average assets under management             increase in investment advisory fees          increase in average assets under management             increase in investment advisory fees u.s. mutual funds                                                                  3.0   %                                             2.3                    %                          9.4                       %                         9.6                    %
subadvised and separate accounts and other investment products                    13.1   %                                            12.5                    %                         21.8                       %                        21.4                    %
total investment advisory fees                                                     7.0   %                                             5.4                    %                         14.0                       %                        12.9                    %
market fluctuations and net cash flows can shift the asset and share class mix among different fee rates and products including those with tiered-fee structures. over the last few years, we have also reduced the management fees of certain products.
while equity markets outperformed fixed income markets in 2019 and resulted in a shift of the u.s. mutual fund average asset mix to higher fee equity products over 2018, lower incremental fee tiered rates and certain fund price reductions created lower incremental revenues. strong market returns in 2019 and u.s. mutual fund to trust transfers have primarily increased average assets under management for our subadvised and separate accounts and other products. however, lower incremental fee rates on higher average assets and growth in lower fee share classes resulted in slower revenue growth in 2019 over 2018.
in 2018, investment advisory fees earned on our subadvised and separate accounts and other investment products grew slower relative to average assets under management as a result of the significant client transfers from mutual funds to lower fee vehicles.
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg administrative, distribution, and servicing fees. administrative, distribution, and servicing fees represent fees earned from providing administrative and distribution services to our investment advisory clients, primarily u.s. mutual funds and their investors. for 2019, these fees were $505.4 million, a decrease of $16.6 million from the comparable 2018 period. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower 12b-1 revenue earned on certain share classes, including the advisor and r classes, of the u.s. mutual funds as client transfers to lower fee vehicles and share classes has reduced assets under management in these share classes. the decrease in 12b-1 revenue is offset entirely by a reduction in the costs paid to third-party intermediaries that source these assets and is reported in distribution and servicing expense. in addition, higher recordkeeping fees and transaction fees were partially offset by lower mutual fund service revenues.
for 2018, administrative, distribution, and servicing fees were $522.0 million, a decrease of $37.1 million from the comparable 2017 period. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower assets under management in the u.s. mutual funds resulting from client transfers among vehicles and share classes and the sharp market decline at the end of 2018.
net revenues include the elimination of $6.8 million for 2019, $6.2 million for 2018, and $5.6 million for 2017, earned from our consolidated t. rowe price investment products. the corresponding expenses recognized by these consolidated products were also eliminated from operating expenses.
2019 compared with 2018                   2018 compared with 2017
(in millions)                                                                       2019                  2018                  2017              $ change            % change              $ change            % change compensation and related costs                                              $1,969.2              $1,808.6              $1,664.9              $160.6                8.9      %          $143.7                8.6      %
distribution and servicing costs                                               262.5                 281.2                 262.6               (18.7     )         (6.7     )%            18.6                7.1      %
product-related costs                                                          153.2                 157.1                 146.0                (3.9     )         (2.5     )%            11.1                7.6      %
technology, occupancy, and facility costs                                      427.3                 383.9                 350.5                43.4               11.3      %            33.4                9.5      %
(1) the percentage change in nonrecurring net recoveries related to dell appraisal rights matter is not meaningful (n/m).
compensation and related costs. compensation and related costs increased $160.6 million, or 8.9%, for 2019 as compared with 2018. nearly half of the increase in compensation and related costs is attributable to $78.8 million in higher expense related to our supplemental savings plan given the strong equity market returns experienced in 2019 compared with the sharp equity market declines in late 2018. the higher expense related to the supplemental savings plan is partially offset by the non-operating gains earned on the investments used to economically hedge the related liability. we also experienced increases in base salaries, benefits, and related employee costs, of $66.0 million as our average staff size grew 3.1% in 2019 and we modestly increased base salaries at the beginning of 2019. our 2019 operating results led to a $28.8 million increase in annual variable compensation, primarily bonus compensation, as well as a $9.5 million increase in non-cash stock-based compensation expense. these increases in compensation and related costs were offset in part by the absence of the one-time $9.0 million bonus paid to certain associates in the second quarter of 2018 and $10.0 million in higher labor capitalization related to internally developed software in 2019.
for 2018, compensation and related costs increased $143.7 million, or 8.6%, as compared with 2017. the largest part of the increase was an increase base salaries, benefits and related employee costs of $77.1 million, resulting from an increase of 6.2% in average headcount, combined with a modest increase in salaries at the beginning of 2018. our operating results led to a $68.0 million increase in variable compensation and contributed to the $45.0 million increase in non-cash stock-based compensation expense as the annual grant value was higher in 2018. additionally, our 2018 equity grant reflected the adoption of more favorable post-retirement vesting provisions, which shifted a greater percentage of the expense related to the annual grant to be recognized for 2018. the 2018
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg period also included $9.0 million in one-time bonuses paid to certain associates from u.s. tax reform benefits. these increases were partially offset by lower market-related expense of $30.3 million from our supplemental savings plan and higher labor capitalization related to internally developed software.
distribution and servicing costs. distribution and servicing costs includes those costs incurred to distribute the t. rowe price products as well as client and shareholder servicing, recordkeeping, and administrative services. distribution and servicing costs were $262.5 million for 2019, a decrease of $18.7 million, or 6.7%, compared to 2018. the decrease for 2019 from 2018 was primarily driven by client transfers, largely from advisor and r classes, to lower fee vehicles or share classes during 2019, which resulted in lower assets under management in those mutual funds on which we pay distribution and servicing costs. these costs include those distribution and servicing costs paid to third-party intermediaries that source the assets of certain share classes of our u.s. mutual funds and is offset entirely by the 12b-1 revenue we earn and report in administrative, distribution, and servicing fees.
distribution and servicing costs were $281.2 million for 2018, an increase of $18.6 million, or 7.1%, compared with 2017. the increase was primarily driven by overall strong markets and net cash flows from the end of 2017 through the third quarter of 2018, which grew the assets in those share classes and products for which we pay a related distribution and servicing fee.
advertising and promotion. advertising and promotion costs were $96.8 million for 2019, a decrease of $2.8 million, or 2.8%, compared with 2018. the decrease for 2019 from 2018 was primarily driven by the absence in 2019 of the creation and launch of a media advertising campaign in 2018.
advertising and promotion costs were $99.6 million for 2018, an increase of $7.2 million, or 7.8%, compared with 2017. the increase in advertising and promotion costs for 2018 from 2017 is primarily driven by the creation and launch of a media advertising campaign in 2018.
product-related costs. product-related costs consists of non-advisory related costs that we incur to service certain t. rowe price products. product-related costs were $153.2 million for 2019, a decrease of $3.9 million, or 2.5%, compared with 2018. the decrease is primarily due to lower costs incurred to provide administrative services to the u.s. mutual funds, partially offset by higher operating costs of our collective investment trusts as client transfers have increased the number of trusts and their average net assets over the last year.
product-related costs were $157.1 million for 2018, an increase of $11.1 million, or 7.6%, compared with 2017. the increase is primarily due to higher operating costs of our collective investment trusts as client transfers have increased the number of trusts and their average net assets over the last year. also contributing to the increase were higher costs incurred to provide administrative services to the u.s. mutual funds.
technology, occupancy, and facility costs. technology, occupancy, and facility costs consists of depreciation expense, technology equipment and maintenance, software, and costs related to our facilities. these costs were $427.3 million for 2019, $383.9 million for 2018, and $350.5 million for 2017. the increases over the last two years were due primarily to additional incremental investment in our technology capabilities, including related depreciation and hosted solution licenses, as well as office expansion costs. the 2019 year also included certain non-recurring office facility costs that were recognized in the fourth quarter.
general, administrative, and other costs. general, administrative, and other costs consist of costs associated with the overall management of the firm, including information services, professional services, travel and entertainment, research costs, and other general operating expenses. these costs were $321.9 million for 2019, $296.0 million for 2018, and $279.7 million for 2017. the increases for 2019 from 2018 and for 2018 from 2017 were a result of our continued investment in our strategic initiatives, higher third-party investment research costs, and other growing operational and regulatory demands on the business.
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg non-operating income net non-operating investment income increased $517.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared with 2018 and decreased $373.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared with 2017. net non-operating investment activity for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 comprised the following:
2019 compared with 2018           2018 compared with 2017
(in millions)                                                                         2019              2018                2017                          $ change                          $ change net gains (losses) from non-consolidated t. rowe price investment products cash and discretionary investments dividend income                                                                  $67.6             $48.8               $15.2                       $18.8                             $33.6
market related gains (losses) and equity in earnings                              58.4             (16.0   )             1.3                        74.4                             (17.3         )
seed capital investments dividend income                                                                    2.3               3.9                 7.0                        (1.6         )                    (3.1         )
market related gains (losses) and equity in earnings                              42.7             (22.5   )            54.8                        65.2                             (77.3         )
net realized gains on dispositions of available-for-sale investments                 -                 -                83.1                           -                             (83.1         )
investments used to hedge the supplemental savings plan liability                 67.9              (6.1   )            12.3                        74.0                             (18.4         )
total net gains from non-consolidated t. rowe price investment products          239.0              11.7               173.8                       227.3                            (162.1         )
other investment income                                                           21.4             107.5                24.5                       (86.1         )                    83.0
net gains on investments                                                         260.4             119.2               198.3                       141.2                             (79.1         )
net gains on consolidated sponsored investment portfolios                        272.9             (92.9   )           193.9                       365.8                            (286.8         )
other income (loss), including foreign currency gains and losses                   7.0              (3.1   )             4.1                        10.1                              (7.2         )
during 2019, non-operating income reflected the sharp market returns which resulted in significant unrealized gains on our investment portfolio, including our consolidated investment portfolios, compared with losses in 2018. partially offsetting the market increases was the absence in 2019 of the realized gain from the sale of our 10% holding in daiwa sb investments ltd. that was recognized in 2018. our cash and discretionary investments generated income of $126.0 million in 2019 as compared to $32.8 million in 2018.
during 2018, non-operating income included the impact of sharp market declines in the later part of 2018, which resulted in unrealized losses on our investment portfolio, including our consolidated products, compared with unrealized gains recognized during 2017. partially offsetting these losses was the recognition during 2018 of a realized gain in other investment income associated with the sale of our 10% holding in daiwa sb investments ltd. additionally, on january 1, 2018, we implemented new accounting guidance that eliminated the available-for-sale investment category for equity securities. as a result of this change, realized gains of $83.1 million from the sale of certain available-for-sale investments recognized in 2017 did not reoccur in 2018.
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg the impact of consolidating certain t. rowe price investment products on the individual lines of our consolidated statements of income for 2019, 2018, and 2017 is as follows:
2019 compared with 2018   2018 compared with 2017
(in millions)                                                                                                       2019   2018                             2017                    $ change           $ change operating expenses reflected in net operating income                                                          $(14.7   )       $(12.7      )          $(12.3   )               $(2.0       )           $(.4                )
net investment income (loss) reflected in non-operating income                                                 272.9           (92.9       )           193.9                   365.8                   (286.8              )
impact on income before taxes                                                                                 $258.2           $(105.6     )          $181.6                  $363.8                   $(287.2             )
net income (loss) attributable to our interest in the consolidated t. rowe price investment products          $140.6           $(36.8      )           $98.2                  $177.4                   $(135.0             )
net income (loss) attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests (unrelated third-party investors)       117.6           (68.8       )            83.4                   186.4                   (152.2              )
impact on income before taxes                                                                                 $258.2           $(105.6     )          $181.6                  $363.8                   $(287.2             )
provision for income taxes our effective tax rate for 2019 was 23.2%, compared with 25.8% for 2018 and 36.9% for 2017. the decrease in our effective tax rate in 2019 from 2018 was primarily due to higher net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests related to our consolidated t. rowe price investment products, as these earnings are not taxable to us, as well as a lower state tax rate from the maryland state legislation in 2018, and the absence in 2019 of the 2018 nonrecurring charges related to the enactment of u.s. tax reform. the decrease in our effective tax rate in 2018 from 2017 was primarily due to the reduction in the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% on january 1, 2018 following the enactment on december 22, 2017, of a comprehensive u.s. tax reform bill known as the tax cuts and jobs act ("tax reform"). for 2018 and 2017, the income tax provision includes nonrecurring charges of $20.8 million and $71.1 million, respectively, related to the enactment of u.s. tax reform as we adjusted our deferred tax asset and liability estimates.
on april 24, 2018, the state of maryland enacted new state tax legislation. this new state tax legislation, effective in 2018, adopted a five-year phase-in of the single sales factor method of apportionment for calculating income tax for multi-state companies doing business in maryland and is expected to result in a net benefit over time. accordingly, we recognized a nonrecurring charge of $7.9 million during 2018 for the re-measurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities to reflect the effect of this maryland state tax legislation. based on information currently available, we expect that the maryland state tax legislation will reduce our effective state tax rate over the five-year phase-in period to less than 3%.
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg the following table reconciles the statutory federal income tax rate to our effective tax rate for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017:
impact of nonrecurring charge relating to u.s. tax reform                       -       .8                    2.9
state income taxes for current year, net of federal income tax benefits(1)    4.3       4.6                   3.9
net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests              (1.0   )   .7                   (1.3   )
net excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation plans activity         (1.5   )        (1.7   )        (3.0   )
other items                                                                    .4       .1                    (.6   )
(1) state income tax benefits are reflected in the total benefits for net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests and stock-based compensation plans activity.
our effective tax rate will continue to experience volatility in future periods as the tax benefits recognized from stock-based compensation are impacted by market fluctuations in our stock price and timing of option exercises. the rate will also be impacted by changes in our consolidated investment products that are driven by market fluctuations and changes in the proportion of their net income that is attributable to non-controlling interests. we currently estimate our effective tax rate for the full-year 2020 will be in the range of 23% to 26%.
non-gaap information and reconciliation.
we believe the non-gaap financial measures below provide relevant and meaningful information to investors about our core operating results. these measures have been established in order to increase transparency for the purpose of evaluating our core business, for comparing current results with prior period results, and to enable more appropriate comparison with industry peers. however, non-gaap financial measures should not be considered a substitute for financial measures calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap and may be calculated differently by other companies.
the following schedules reconcile certain u.s. gaap financial measures for each of the last five years.
(in millions)                                  operating expenses           net operating income          non-operating income             provision (benefit) for income taxes(7)            net income attributable to t. rowe price group       diluted earnings per share(8)
investment products(1)
supplemental savings plan liability(2)             (73.2        )                  73.2                         (67.9        )                                 1.3                                                     4.0                     .02
(in millions)                                      operating expenses           net operating income           non-operating income             provision (benefit) for income taxes(7)            net income attributable to t. rowe price group       diluted earnings per share(8)
investment products(1)
supplemental savings plan liability(2)                   5.6                           (5.6        )                   6.1                                           .1                                                      .4                         -
enactment of u.s. tax reform(4)
(in millions)                                      operating expenses           net operating income          non-operating income            provision (benefit) for income taxes(7)            net income attributable to t. rowe price group       diluted earnings per share(8)
investment products(1)
supplemental savings plan liability(2)                 (11.7        )                  11.7                         (12.3        )                                (.3               )                                     (.4                 )       -
enactment of u.s. tax reform(4)
(in millions)                                      operating expenses           net operating income          non-operating income             provision (benefit) for income taxes(7)            net income attributable to t. rowe price group       diluted earnings per share(8)
investment products(1)
(in millions)                   operating expenses            net operating income              non-operating income            provision (benefit) for income taxes(7)           net income attributable to t. rowe price group      diluted earnings per share(8)
investment products(1)
(1)   these non-gaap adjustments remove the impact the consolidated t. rowe price investment products have on our u.s. gaap consolidated statements of income. specifically, we add back the operating expenses and subtract the investment income of the consolidated t. rowe price investment products. the adjustment to our operating expenses represents the operating expenses of the consolidated products, net of the elimination of related management and administrative fees. the adjustment to net income attributable to t. rowe price group represents the net income of the consolidated products, net of redeemable non-controlling interest. we remove the impact of the consolidated t. rowe price investment products as we believe they impact the reader's ability to understand our core operating results.
(2)   these non-gaap adjustments remove the compensation expense from market valuation changes in the supplemental savings plan liability and the related net gains (losses) on investments designated as an economic hedge against the related liability. amounts deferred under the supplemental savings plan are adjusted for appreciation (depreciation) of hypothetical investments chosen by participants. we use t. rowe price investment products to economically hedge the exposure to these market movements. we believe it is useful to offset the non-operating investment income (loss) realized on the hedges against the related compensation expense and remove the net impact to help the reader's ability to understand our core operating results and to increase comparability period to period.
(3)   this non-gaap adjustment represents the other non-operating income (loss) and the net gains (losses) earned on our non-consolidated investment portfolio that are not designated as economic hedges of the supplemental savings plan liability, and, beginning in the second quarter of 2018, non-consolidated seed investments and other investments that are not part of the cash and discretionary investment portfolio. in the second quarter of 2018, we decided to retain the investment gains recognized on our non-consolidated cash and discretionary investments as these assets and related income (loss) are considered part of our core operations. the impact on previously reported non-gaap measures is immaterial. we believe adjusting for these non-operating income (loss) items helps the reader's ability to understand our core operating results and increases comparability to prior years. additionally, we do not emphasize the impact of the portion of non-operating income (loss) removed when managing and evaluating our core performance.
(4)   during the second quarter of 2018, we recognized a nonrecurring charge of $20.8 million for an adjustment made to the charge taken in 2017 related to the enactment of u.s. tax reform. we believe it is useful to readers of our consolidated statements of income to adjust for this nonrecurring charge in arriving at net income attributable to t. rowe price group and diluted earnings per share.
(5)   during the second quarter of 2018, we recognized a nonrecurring charge of $7.9 million for the remeasurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities to reflect the effect of maryland state tax legislation enacted on april 24, 2018. we believe it is useful to readers of our consolidated statements of income to adjust for this nonrecurring charge in arriving at net income attributable to t. rowe price group and diluted earnings per share.
(6)   in 2016, we recognized a nonrecurring charge, net of insurance recoveries, of $66.2 million related to our decision to compensate certain clients in regard to the dell appraisal rights matter. in 2017, we recognized additional insurance recoveries of $50 million as a reduction in operating expenses. during 2018, we recognized an additional reduction in operating expenses of $15.2 million upon recovering a portion of the payments we made to our clients in 2016. we believe it is useful to our readers of our consolidated statements of income to adjust for these charges and nonrecurring recoveries in arriving at adjusted operating expenses, net operating income, provision for income taxes, net income attributable to t. rowe price group and diluted earnings per share.
(7)   the income tax impacts were calculated in order to achieve an overall non-gaap effective tax rate of 24.0% for 2019, 24.1% for 2018, 34.7% for 2017, 36.6% for 2016, and 38.9% for 2015. we estimate that our effective tax rate for the full-year 2020 on a non-gaap basis will be in the range of 23.5% to 25.5%.
less: net income allocated to outstanding restricted stock and stock unit holders              50.9                  42.5                  30.5                  24.2                  15.2
capital resources and liquidity.
during 2019, stockholders' equity increased from $6.1 billion to $7.1 billion. tangible book value increased to $6.4 billion at december 31, 2019.
sources of liquidity we remain debt-free with ample liquidity, including cash and investments in t. rowe price products as follows:
discretionary investments                                               1,899.6                 1,597.1
total cash and discretionary investments                                3,681.4                 3,022.3
redeemable seed capital investments                                     1,325.6                 1,118.9
investments used to hedge the supplemental savings plan liability         561.1         381.3
total cash and investments in t. rowe price products                   $5,568.1                $4,522.5
our discretionary investment portfolio is comprised primarily of short duration bond funds, which typically yield higher than money market rates, and asset allocation products. cash and discretionary investments generated income of $126.0 million in 2019 as compared to $32.8 million in 2018. cash and discretionary investments in t. rowe price products held by our subsidiaries outside the u.s. were $665.8 million at december 31, 2019, and $634.5 million at december 31, 2018. given the availability of our financial resources and cash expected to be generated through future operations, we do not maintain an available external source of additional liquidity.
our seed capital investments are redeemable, although we generally expect to be invested for several years for the products to build an investment performance history and until unrelated third-party investors substantially reduce our relative ownership percentage.
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg the cash and investment presentation on the consolidated balance sheet is based on how we account for the cash or investment. the following table details how t. rowe price group's interests in cash and t. rowe price investment products relate to where they are presented in the consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2019.
(in millions)                                                                              cash and cash equivalents                  investments       net assets of consolidated t. rowe price investment products *              12/31/2019
cash and discretionary investments                                                         $1,781.8                                $1,831.8                                               $67.8                                 $3,681.4
seed capital investments                                                                   -                                          276.7                                             1,048.9                                  1,325.6
investments used to hedge the supplemental savings plan liability                          -                                          561.1                                                   -                                    561.1
total cash and investments in t. rowe price products attributable to t. rowe price group   1,781.8                                  2,669.6                                             1,116.7                                  5,568.1
investment in uti and other investments                                                    -                                          270.2                                                   -                                    270.2
total cash and investments attributable to t. rowe price group                             1,781.8                                  2,939.8                                             1,116.7                                  5,838.3
redeemable non-controlling interests                                                       -                                              -                                             1,121.0                                  1,121.0
as reported on unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2019         $1,781.8                                $2,939.8                                            $2,237.7                                 $6,959.3
* net assets of consolidated t. rowe price investment products of $2,237.7 million at december 31, 2019, include assets of $2,276.9 million less liabilities of
$39.2 million as reflected in the consolidated balance sheet in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this form 10-k.
our consolidated balance sheet reflects the cash and cash equivalents, investments, other assets and liabilities of those t. rowe price investment products we consolidate, as well as redeemable non-controlling interests for the portion of these t. rowe price investment products that are held by unrelated third-party investors. although we can redeem our net interest in these t. rowe price investment products at any time, we cannot directly access or sell the assets held by the products to obtain cash for general operations. additionally, the assets of these t. rowe price investment products are not available to our general creditors. our interest in these t. rowe price investment products was used as initial seed capital and is recategorized as discretionary when it is determined by management that the seed capital is no longer needed. we assess the discretionary products and, when we decide to liquidate our interest, we seek to do so in a way as to not impact the product and, ultimately, the unrelated third-party investors.
uses of liquidity we paid $3.04 per share in regular dividends in 2019, an increase of 8.6% over the $2.80 per share paid in 2018. additionally, we expended $708.8 million in 2019 to repurchase 7.0 million shares, or 2.9%, of our outstanding common stock at an average price of $101.65 per share. these dividends and repurchases were expended using existing cash balances and cash generated from operations. we will generally repurchase our common stock over time to offset the dilution created by our equity-based compensation plans.
we anticipate property and equipment expenditures for the full-year 2020 to be up to $210 million, of which about three-quarters is planned for technology initiatives. we expect to fund our anticipated capital expenditures with operating cash flows and other available resources.
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg the following tables summarize the cash flows for 2019, 2018 and 2017, that are attributable to t. rowe price group, our consolidated t. rowe price investment products, and the related eliminations required in preparing the statement.
(in millions)                                                                                                              t. rowe price group              consolidated t. rowe price investment products       elims                     as reported cash flows from operating activities net income                                                                                                                   $2,131.3                                             $258.2                         $(140.6     )          $2,248.9
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities depreciation, amortization and impairments of property and equipment                                                            190.8                                                  -                         -                         190.8
net gains recognized on investments                                                                                            (316.9        )                                         -                             140.6                (176.3     )
net investments in t. rowe price investment products used to economically hedge supplemental savings plan liability            (126.0        )                                         -                         -                        (126.0     )
net change in trading securities held by consolidated t. rowe price investment products                                                                                           (930.9                 )       -                        (930.9     )
other changes in assets and liabilities                                                                                         116.5                                                1.9                         (8.8        )             109.6
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                                                           2,202.3                                             (670.8                 )       (8.8        )           1,522.7
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                                                            (489.3        )                                     (18.4                 )           183.2                (324.5     )
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                                                          (1,356.4        )                                     698.1                         (174.4      )            (832.7     )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents of consolidated t. rowe price investment products                      -                                               (2.5                 )       -                          (2.5     )
net change in cash and cash equivalents during period                                                                           356.6                                                6.4                         -                         363.0
(in millions)                                                                                                              t. rowe price group              consolidated t. rowe price investment products       elims                   as reported cash flows from operating activities net income                                                                                                                   $1,837.5                                            $(105.6                 )       $36.8                $1,768.7
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities depreciation, amortization and impairments of property and equipment                                                            159.5                                                  -                         -                       159.5
net gains recognized on investments                                                                                             (13.7        )                                         -                         (36.8     )             (50.5     )
net investments in t. rowe price investment products used to economically hedge supplemental savings plan liability            (129.5        )                                         -                         -                      (129.5     )
net change in trading securities held by consolidated t. rowe price investment products                                             -                                             (437.0                 )       -                      (437.0     )
other changes in assets and liabilities                                                                                         127.2                                               (6.5                 )       (9.1      )             111.6
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                                                           2,178.1                                             (549.1                 )       (9.1      )           1,619.9
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                                                            (945.7        )                                     (23.8                 )          94.0                (875.5     )
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                                                          (1,709.9        )                                     555.3                         (84.9     )          (1,239.5     )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents of consolidated t. rowe price investment products                      -                                              (15.4                 )       -                       (15.4     )
net change in cash and cash equivalents during period                                                                          (477.5        )                                     (33.0                 )       -                      (510.5     )
(in millions)                                                                                                                    t. rowe price group              consolidated t. rowe price investment products       elims                     as reported cash flows from operating activities net income                                                                                                                         $1,497.8                                             $181.6                         $(98.2      )          $1,581.2
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities depreciation, amortization and impairments of property and equipment                                                                  143.6                                                  -                         -                         143.6
realized gains on dispositions of available-for-sale t. rowe price investment products                                                (83.1        )                                         -                         -                         (83.1     )
gains recognized upon transfer of an investment in a t. rowe price mutual fund from available-for-sale to held as trading             (23.6        )                                                                                             (23.6     )
net gains recognized on investments                                                                                                  (147.9        )                                         -                              98.2                 (49.7     )
net investments in t. rowe price investment products used to economically hedge supplemental savings plan liability                  (218.6        )                                                                                            (218.6     )
net change in trading securities held by consolidated t. rowe price investment products                                                   -                                           (1,492.9                 )       -                      (1,492.9     )
other changes in assets and liabilities                                                                                               231.6                                               (4.0                 )       (7.0        )             220.6
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                                                                 1,551.8                                           (1,315.3                 )       (7.0        )             229.5
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                                                                   (33.9        )                                     (64.2                 )           137.1                  39.0
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                                                                  (820.1        )                                   1,411.7                         (130.1      )             461.5
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents of consolidated t. rowe price investment products                            -                                                5.3                         -                           5.3
net change in cash and cash equivalents during period                                                                                 697.8                                               37.5                         -                         735.3
operating activities operating activities attributable to t. rowe price group during 2019 provided cash flows of $2,202.3 million, an increase of $24.2 million from the 2018 period. operating cash flows increased by $334.6 million on higher net income after adjusting for significant non-cash activity including depreciation expense and stock-based compensation expense. this increase was offset in part by higher market gains on investments of $303.2 million due to stronger equity market returns compared to 2018. during 2019, we invested an additional $126.0 million in certain investment products that act as an economic hedge of our supplemental savings plan liability. this level of investment is comparable to the amount invested in 2018. timing differences on the cash settlement of our assets and liabilities also increased operating cash flows by $10.7 million. the remaining change in reported cash flows from operating activities was attributable to the net change in trading securities held in our consolidated investment products' underlying portfolios.
operating activities attributable to t. rowe price group during 2018 provided cash flows of $2,178.1 million, an increase of $626.3 million from the 2017 period. the increase in these operating cash flows was driven by $641.6 million of higher net income after adjusting for significant non-cash activity including depreciation expense, stock-based compensation expense and market gains on investments. adjustments for market gains on investments decreased during 2018 in part due to a change in accounting guidance that we adopted on january 1, 2018. the remaining decrease in investment gain activity is due to lower gains as a result of weaker equity markets in 2018 compared with 2017. additionally, during 2017, we invested $218.6 million into certain investment products to establish an economic hedge of our supplemental savings plan liability and invested an additional $129.5 million in 2018 in order to maintain it. the remaining $104.4 million decrease in operating cash flows attributable to t. rowe price group relates to timing differences on the cash settlement of our assets and liabilities, including the settlement of insurance receivables during 2017 related to the dell appraisal rights matter. the remaining change in reported cash flows from operating activities was attributable to the net change in trading securities held in our consolidated investment products' underlying portfolios.
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg investing activities net cash used in investing activities that are attributable to t. rowe price group totaled $489.3 million in 2019, a decrease of $456.4 million compared with 2018. during 2018, we rebalanced our cash and discretionary investments portfolio resulting in the reallocation of cash and cash equivalents of $1.0 billion to certain t. rowe price fixed income funds. such rebalancing did not recur in 2019. excluding the impact of the reallocation in 2018, there were net purchases of discretionary investment products of $108.3 million during 2019, compared to net proceeds of $228.4 million. also contributing to the decrease in 2019 reported cash flows used in investing activities were higher property and equipment expenditures of $36.1 million, an $89.2 million increase in the level of seed capital provided, and the absence of the proceeds from the sale of our 10% interest in daiwa sb investments ltd. received in 2018 and included in other investing activity. since we consolidate the seed capital in t. rowe price investment products, our seed capital was eliminated in preparing our consolidated statement of cash flows.
net cash used in investing activities that are attributable to t. rowe price group totaled $945.7 million in 2018, an increase of $911.8 million from the comparable 2017 period. during 2018, we rebalanced our cash and discretionary investments portfolio resulting in the reallocation of cash and cash equivalents of $1.0 billion to certain t. rowe price funds. excluding these reallocations, net purchases of other discretionary investment products decreased $65.3 million during 2018 compared with 2017. these changes in investing cash flows during 2018 compared with 2017 were offset by a $43.1 million decrease in seed capital provided, a $17.6 million decrease in property and equipment expenditures, and a $95.8 million change in other investing activity, primarily relating to the sale of our 10% interest in daiwa sb investments ltd. during the third quarter of 2018. since we consolidate the seed capital in t. rowe price investment products, our seed capital was eliminated in preparing our consolidated statement of cash flows. the remaining change in reported cash flows from investing activities was attributable to a $40.4 million decrease in net cash removed from our balance sheet from consolidating and deconsolidating investment products during 2018 compared with the 2017 period.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities attributable to t. rowe price group were $1,356.4 million in 2019, a decrease of $353.5 million compared with $1,709.9 million in 2018. the decrease in cash used in financing activities was primarily driven by a $384.6 million decrease in the number of common stock repurchases we made in 2019 due to the stronger equity markets. this decrease was partially offset by a $39.6 million increase in dividends paid in 2019 as a result of an 8.6% increase in our quarterly dividend per share from 2018. the remaining change in reported cash flows from financing activities is primarily attributable to a $53.3 million increase in net subscriptions received from redeemable noncontrolling interest holders of our consolidated investment products during 2019 compared to 2018.
net cash used in financing activities attributable to t. rowe price group totaled $1,709.9 million in 2018 compared with $820.1 million in 2017. the increase was primarily driven by spending $632.2 million more in common stock repurchases in 2018 as market volatility provided an opportunity to buy back more shares. additionally, a nearly 23% increase in our quarterly dividend per share resulted in paying $131.2 million more in dividends in 2018. the decline in our stock price in 2018 led to fewer stock options being exercised and a $126.3 million decrease in related cash proceeds compared with the 2017. the remaining change in reported cash flows from financing activities was primarily attributable to a $811.2 million decrease in net subscriptions received from redeemable non-controlling interest holders of our consolidated investment products during 2018 compared with the 2017 period.
the following table presents a summary of our future obligations under the terms of our supplemental savings plan, existing operating leases, and other contractual cash purchase commitments at december 31, 2019. the information presented does not include operating expenses or capital expenditures that will be committed in the normal course of operations in 2020 and future years. the information also excludes the $23.9 million of unrecognized tax benefits discussed in note 9 to our consolidated financial statements because it is not possible to estimate the time period in which a payment might be made to the tax authorities.
supplemental savings plan liability(1)        $563                $7                $88                 $103                 $365
other purchase commitments(2)                  320               206                 69                   24                   21
(1) these obligations represent the amount of future expected funding requirements related to our supplemental savings plan. payment periods are based on deferral elections made by participants. if no deferral election has been made, the obligation has been included in the "thereafter" column as the timing of distributions will be determined upon termination of employment. we economically hedge this liability and the related market exposure with investments in certain t. rowe price products. the carrying value of these investments at december 31, 2019 was $561.1 million and was reported within the investments line on our consolidated balance sheet. either these investments or future cash flows from operations are expected to be used to fund the future liability payments.
(2) other purchase commitments include contractual amounts that will be due for the purchase of goods or services to be used in our operations and may be cancelable at earlier times than those indicated, under certain conditions that may involve termination fees. because these obligations are generally of a normal recurring nature, we expect that we will fund them from future cash flows from operations.
we also have outstanding commitments to fund additional contributions to investment partnerships totaling $18.1 million at december 31, 2019. the vast majority of these additional contributions will be made to investment partnerships in which we have an existing investment. in addition to such amounts, a percentage of prior distributions may be called under certain circumstances.
critical accounting policies.
the preparation of financial statements often requires the selection of specific accounting methods and policies from among several acceptable alternatives. further, significant estimates and judgments may be required in selecting and applying those methods and policies in the recognition of the assets and liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets, the revenues and expenses in our consolidated statements of income, and the information that is contained in our significant accounting policies and notes to the consolidated financial statements. making these estimates and judgments requires the analysis of information concerning events that may not yet be complete and of facts and circumstances that may change over time. accordingly, actual amounts or future results can differ materially from those estimates that we include currently in our consolidated financial statements, significant accounting policies, and notes.
we present those significant accounting policies used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements as an integral part of those statements within this 2019 annual report. in the following discussion, we highlight and explain further certain of those policies that are most critical to the preparation and understanding of our financial statements.
c^<l3q6*4v9%c:mg consolidation we consolidate all subsidiaries and t. rowe price investment products in which we have a controlling interest. we are generally deemed to have a controlling interest when we own the majority of the voting interest of an entity or are deemed to be the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity ("vie"). vies are entities that lack sufficient equity to finance its activities or the equity holders do not have defined power to direct the activities of the entity normally associated with an equity investment. our analysis to determine whether an entity is a vie or a voting interest entity ("voe") involves judgment and considers several factors, including an entity's legal organization, capital structure, the rights of the equity investment holders, our ownership interest in the entity, and our contractual involvement with the entity. we continually review and reconsider our vie or voe conclusions upon the occurrence of certain events, such as changes to our ownership interest, changes to an entity's legal structure, or amendments to governing documents. our vies are primarily t. rowe price investment products and our variable interest consists of our equity ownership in and investment management fees earned from these entities.
we are the primary beneficiary if we have the power to direct the activities of the vie that most significantly impact its economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of the entity or the right to receive benefits from the vie that could potentially be significant. our sicav funds and other t. rowe price investment products regulated outside the u.s. are determined to be vies. at december 31, 2019, we consolidated vies with net assets of $1.9 billion.
other-than-temporary impairments of equity method investments we evaluate our equity method investments, including our investment in uti and certain investments in t. rowe price investment products, for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the investment exceeds its fair value, and the decline in fair value is other than temporary.
goodwill we internally conduct, manage, and report our operations as one investment advisory business. we do not have distinct operating segments or components that separately constitute a business. accordingly, we attribute goodwill to a single reportable business segment and reporting unit-our investment advisory business.
we evaluate the carrying amount of goodwill in our consolidated balance sheets for possible impairment on an annual basis in the third quarter of each year using a fair value approach. goodwill would be considered impaired whenever our historical carrying amount exceeds the fair value of our investment advisory business. our annual testing has demonstrated that the fair value of our investment advisory business (our market capitalization) exceeds our carrying amount (our stockholders' equity) and, therefore, no impairment exists. should we reach a different conclusion in the future, additional work would be performed to ascertain the amount of the noncash impairment charge to be recognized. we must also perform impairment testing at other times if an event or circumstance occurs indicating that it is more likely than not that an impairment has been incurred. the maximum future impairment of goodwill that we could incur is the amount recognized in our consolidated balance sheets, $665.7 million as of december 31, 2019.
provision for income taxes after compensation and related costs, our provision for income taxes on our earnings is our largest annual expense. we operate in numerous states and countries through our various subsidiaries and must allocate our income, expenses, and earnings under the various laws and regulations of each of these taxing jurisdictions. accordingly, our provision for income taxes represents our total estimate of the liability that we have incurred in doing business each year in all of our locations. annually, we file tax returns that represent our filing positions with each jurisdiction and settle our return liabilities. each jurisdiction has the right to audit those returns and may take different positions with respect to income and expense allocations and taxable earnings determinations. from time to time, we may also provide for estimated liabilities associated with uncertain tax return filing positions that are subject to, or in the process of, being audited by various tax authorities. because the determination of our annual provision is subject to judgments and estimates, it is likely that actual results will vary from those recognized in our financial statements. as a result, we recognize additions to, or reductions of, income tax expense during a reporting period that pertain to prior period provisions as our estimated liabilities are revised and actual tax returns and tax audits are settled. we recognize any such prior period adjustment in the discrete quarterly period in which it is determined.
see note 1 - basis of preparation and summary of significant accounting policies within item 8, financial statements and supplementary data for a discussion of newly issued but not yet adopted accounting guidance.
forward-looking information.
from time to time, information or statements provided by or on behalf of t. rowe price, including those within this report, may contain certain forward-looking information, including information or anticipated information relating to: our revenues, net income, and earnings per share on common stock; changes in the amount and composition of our assets under management; our expense levels; our tax rate; and our expectations regarding financial markets, future transactions, dividends, stock repurchases, investments, capital expenditures, and other conditions. readers are cautioned that any forward-looking information provided by or on behalf of t. rowe price is not a guarantee of future performance. actual results may differ materially from those in forward-looking information because of various factors including, but not limited to, those discussed below and in item 1a, risk factors, of this form 10-k annual report. further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which it is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
our future revenues and results of operations will fluctuate primarily due to changes in the total value and composition of assets under our management. such changes result from many factors, including, among other things: cash inflows and outflows in the u.s. mutual funds and subadvised and separately managed accounts and other investment products, fluctuations in global financial markets that result in appreciation or depreciation of the assets under our management, our introduction of new mutual funds and investment products, and changes in retirement savings trends relative to participant-directed investments and defined contribution plans. the ability to attract and retain investors' assets under our management is dependent on investor sentiment and confidence; the relative investment performance of the t. rowe price funds and other managed investment products as compared with competing offerings and market indexes; the ability to maintain our investment management and administrative fees at appropriate levels; competitive conditions in the mutual fund, asset management, and broader financial services sectors; and our level of success in implementing our strategy to expand our business. our revenues are substantially dependent on fees earned under contracts with the t. rowe price funds and could be adversely affected if the independent directors of one or more of the t. rowe price funds terminated or significantly altered the terms of the investment management or related administrative services agreements. non-operating investment income will also fluctuate primarily due to the size of our investments, changes in their market valuations, and any other-than-temporary impairments that may arise or, in the case of our equity method investments, our proportionate share of the investees' net income.
our future results are also dependent upon the level of our expenses, which are subject to fluctuation for the following or other reasons: changes in the level of our advertising and promotion expenses in response to market conditions, including our efforts to expand our investment advisory business to investors outside the u.s. and to further penetrate our distribution channels within the u.s.; the pace and level of spending to support key strategic priorities; variations in the level of total compensation expense due to, among other things, bonuses, restricted stock units and other equity grants, other incentive awards, our supplemental savings plan, changes in our employee count and mix, and competitive factors; any goodwill or other asset impairment that may arise; fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to the costs of our international operations; expenses and capital costs, such as technology assets, depreciation, amortization, and research and development, incurred to maintain and enhance our administrative and operating services infrastructure; the timing of the assumption of all third party research payments, unanticipated costs that may be incurred to protect investor accounts and the goodwill of our clients; and disruptions of services, including those provided by third parties, such as fund and product recordkeeping, facilities, communications, power, and the mutual fund transfer agent and accounting systems.
our business is also subject to substantial governmental regulation, and changes in legal, regulatory, accounting, tax, and compliance requirements may have a substantial effect on our operations and results, including, but not limited to, effects on costs that we incur and effects on investor interest in t. rowe price investment products and investing in general or in particular classes of mutual funds or other investments.