In our digital media segment, we are a market leader with creative cloud, our subscription-based offering which provides desktop tools, mobile apps and cloud-based services for designing, creating and publishing rich content and immersive 3D experiences. Creative cloud delivers value with deep, cross-product integration, frequent product updates and feature enhancements, cloud-enabled services including storage and syncing of files across users' devices, machine learning and artificial intelligence, access to marketplace, social and community-based features with our Adobe Stock and Behance services, app creation capabilities, tools which assist with enterprise deployments and team collaboration, and affordable pricing for cost-sensitive customers. We expect creative cloud will drive sustained long-term revenue growth through a continued expansion of our customer base by attracting new users with new features and products like Adobe Express that make creative tools accessible to first-time creators and communicators, and delivering new features and technologies to existing customers with our latest releases such as Share for Review. Our strategy with creative cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with users, attract more new customers, and grow our recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized ratably. We continue to implement strategies that are designed to accelerate awareness, consideration and purchase of subscriptions to our creative cloud offerings. In our digital experience segment, the Adobe Experience Cloud applications, services and platform are designed to manage customer journeys, enable personalized experiences at scale and deliver intelligence for businesses of any size in any industry. Our differentiation and competitive advantage are strengthened by our ability to use the Adobe Experience Platform to integrate our comprehensive set of solutions. Adobe Experience Cloud delivers solutions for our customers across the following strategic growth pillars: data insights and audiences, content and commerce, customer journeys, and marketing workflow. By combining the creativity of our digital media business with the science of our digital experience business, we help our customers to more efficiently and effectively make, manage, measure and monetize their content across every channel with an end-to-end workflow and feedback loop. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of all of these routes to market, and our recent financial results reflect the success of these investments. Our digital media ARR grew to $13.97 billion at the end of fiscal 2022, up from $12.15 billion at the end of fiscal 2021, driven by strong net new user growth. Digital experience revenue was $4.42 billion in fiscal 2022, up from $3.87 billion in fiscal 2021, which represents 14% year-over-year growth. The increase was primarily due to subscription revenue growth across our offerings. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. We will continue to focus on long-term opportunities available in our end markets and make significant investments in the development of our subscription and service offerings, applications and tools. Our business model is designed to leverage IT capabilities to support and enhance our business strategies and work processes, ensuring that we remain agile and responsive to market dynamics and customer needs.