We are the leading provider of cloud-based HCM technology solutions to employers around the world. Through our extensive suite of products, coupled with industry and compliance expertise, we help our clients navigate a highly dynamic world of work in order to give them peace-of-mind and reduce the time and effort they allocate to non-core tasks. Over the decades since pioneering our industry, we have reshaped HCM time and again by continuously innovating across our technology platforms and service solutions. Our commitment to innovation is continuous amid challenging business and operating environments—whether it be a global recession or bull market, an international conflict or global pandemic. We believe businesses, our clients, serve as a force for progress, and we remain committed to rethinking a better, more personalized world at work to help our clients and their workers achieve their full potential. That commitment underpins our drive to innovate across our portfolio in order to deliver sustainable, profitable growth. During the fiscal year, we made significant progress on the roll-out of a new unified user experience across our strategic products and solutions. We transitioned hundreds of thousands of clients across our run, iHCM, and next-gen HCM client bases over to the new UX, generating positive feedback from this transition to even more intuitive HCM workflows. We continue to advance all of our key platforms, with Workforce Now being especially critical to our differentiation and growth. Workforce Now continues building traction in the lower end of the U.S. enterprise market and was instrumental to ADP being rated an overall "customer's choice" provider for the first time in Gartner's annual "voice of the customer" study. We also made exciting enhancements to other solutions during the fourth quarter. We started offering self-enrollment with full digital wallet capabilities within the Wisely program, allowing for a more frictionless experience for workers that enables them to more easily transition to our digital payment offering. We expanded our earned wage access solution by offering a seamless, one-application solution for Wisely members, which enables employees to receive portions of their earned wages prior to pay date at no cost. We will also be launching "voice of the employee," a new employee survey and listening tool, which will help our clients seamlessly capture employee feedback and sentiments across various HR categories during the employee lifecycle, which is critical in a labor market where listening to their employees can help our clients differentiate themselves and better compete in the marketplace. We continue to drive innovation by anticipating our clients' evolving needs and always designing for people as the world of work changes. We lead the HCM industry by driving growth through our strategic, cloud-based HCM solutions and developing innovations like our next-gen platforms. We further enable these solutions by supplementing them with organic, differentiated investments such as the ADP DataCloud and ADP Marketplace, and through our compliance expertise. For fiscal 2022, we delivered strong revenue growth of 10%. In addition, employer services achieved record new business bookings and near-record-level retention of 92.1%. The PEO average number of worksite employees increased 15% for fiscal 2022. Our pays per control metric, which represents the number of employees on ADP clients' payrolls in the United States when measured on a same-store-sales basis for a subset of clients ranging from small to large businesses, grew 7% for fiscal 2022. We have a strong business model, generating significant cash flows with low capital intensity, and offer a suite of products that provide critical support to our clients' HCM functions. We are committed to building upon our past successes by investing in our business through enhancements in research and development and by driving meaningful transformation in the way we operate.