Applied's strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections and growing its services business, which reflects the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The company's significant investments in research, development, and engineering must enable it to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. Applied works closely with its global customers to design systems and processes that meet their planned technical and production requirements, highlighting the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes. The growth of data and emerging end-market drivers such as artificial intelligence and the Internet of Things are creating the next wave of growth for the industry, emphasizing the need for operational flexibility and the ability to respond to changing business needs. Applied's results are driven primarily by customer spending on capital equipment and services to support key technology transitions or to increase production volume in response to worldwide demand for semiconductors and displays. Demand for manufacturing equipment and services can change depending on supply and demand for chips, display technologies, and other electronic devices, as well as other factors such as global economic, political, and market conditions. The semiconductor systems segment is subject to variable industry conditions, and development efforts are focused on solving customers' key technical challenges in transistor, interconnect, patterning, and packaging performance. Applied's global services segment provides integrated solutions to optimize equipment and fab performance and productivity, driven by a large and growing installed base of manufacturing systems. The company continues to prioritize existing research, development, and engineering investments in technical capabilities and critical research and development programs in current and new markets, with a focus on semiconductor technologies. In light of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, Applied has made adjustments to its global operations and is actively managing its responses in collaboration with its employees, customers, and suppliers. The company believes that it is critical to continue to make substantial investments in research, development, and engineering to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of its customers' most advanced designs. Applied's ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products it provides depends on its ongoing investments in product development initiatives, consistent with the company's growth strategy. The timing of customer investment in manufacturing equipment is affected by the timing of next-generation process development and capacity expansion to meet end-market demand, which underscores the importance of strategic resource allocation and market responsiveness. Applied's operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness are influenced by its capability to adapt to changing market dynamics and customer requirements, ensuring that it remains a competitive force in the industry.