We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We are also focused on taking actions to ensure that Boeing is not harmed by unfair subsidization of competitors. The commercial aircraft market and the airline industry both remain extremely competitive. Continued access to global markets remains vital to our ability to fully realize our sales potential and long-term investment returns. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable, and we continue to experience near-term production disruptions and inefficiencies due to supplier disruption, labor instability, and factory performance. These factors have contributed to significant earnings charges on a number of fixed-price development programs, which are expected to adversely affect cash flows in future periods. We continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain as we ramp up production. Our BDS strategy is to leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets, underscored by an intense focus on growth and productivity. The aerospace markets we serve include parts distribution, logistics and other inventory services; maintenance, engineering and upgrades; training and professional services; and data analytics and digital services. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. We expect BGS commercial revenues to remain strong in future quarters as the commercial airline industry continues to recover. Our BCA segment predominantly uses program accounting to account for cost of sales, which requires the demonstrated ability to reliably estimate revenues, costs, and gross profit margin for the defined program accounting quantity. The introduction of new aircraft and derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, production, and certification schedules. The technical complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended. We have implemented changes in the production process designed to ensure that newly-built airplanes meet our specifications and do not require further inspections and rework. The 787 program has experienced production quality issues, and we continue to work with customers and suppliers regarding timing of future deliveries and production rate changes. The demand for aftermarket services designed to increase efficiency and extend the economic lives of aircraft is growing as the size of the worldwide commercial airline fleet continues to grow. The current environment is also affecting the financial viability of some airlines, and we continue to monitor developments and potential Boeing impacts, taking mitigating actions as appropriate. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. We expect less than 20 percent of the worldwide fleet of military aircraft to be retired and replaced over the next ten years, driving increased demand for services to maintain aging aircraft and enhance aircraft capability.