Through our subsidiaries, we engage in numerous diverse business activities. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. There are few centralized or integrated business functions. Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities, and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. The COVID-19 pandemic affected our operating businesses in varying ways and degrees, particularly in 2020 and 2021. Significant disruptions of supply chains and higher costs emerged in 2021 and persisted in 2022. Further, geopolitical conflicts, including the Russia-Ukraine conflict, developed in 2022 and are continuing in 2023. We cannot reliably predict future economic effects of these events on our businesses. Nor can we reliably predict how these events will alter the future consumption patterns of consumers and businesses we serve. Our management views our insurance businesses as possessing two distinct activities - underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers, while investing decisions are the responsibility of Berkshire's chairman and CEO, Warren E. Buffett, and Berkshire's corporate investment managers. We believe that investment gains and losses on investments in equity securities, whether realized from dispositions or unrealized from changes in market prices, are generally meaningless in understanding our reported quarterly or annual results or evaluating the economic performance of our operating businesses. The timing and magnitude of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. We currently consider pre-tax incurred losses exceeding $150 million from a current year catastrophic event to be significant. We provide primary insurance and reinsurance products covering property and casualty risks, as well as life and health risks. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are GEICO, Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group ("BH Primary"), and Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group ("BHRG"). We strive to produce pre-tax underwriting earnings (premiums earned less losses incurred and underwriting expenses) over the long term in all business categories. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains and losses. We consider investment income as an integral component of our aggregate insurance operating results. However, we consider investment gains and losses, whether realized or unrealized, as non-operating. We believe that such gains and losses are not meaningful in understanding the periodic operating results of our insurance businesses. The nature and extent of loss information provided under many facultative or per occurrence excess contracts may be comparable to the information received under a primary insurance contract. However, loss information with respect to aggregate excess-of-loss and quota-share contracts is often in a summary format rather than on an individual claim basis. We maintain certain internal procedures to determine that the information is complete and in compliance with the contract terms. In the normal course of business, disputes occasionally arise concerning whether claims are covered by our reinsurance policies. We resolve most coverage disputes through negotiation with the client. If disputes cannot be resolved, our contracts generally provide arbitration or alternative dispute resolution processes. We believe there are no coverage disputes at this time for which an adverse resolution would likely have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition.