Management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition is intended to assist the reader in understanding and assessing significant changes and trends related to our company's results of operations and financial position. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative new medicines. We invest in external research and technologies that we believe complement and strengthen our own efforts. We view our business development activity as a way to enhance our pipeline and strengthen our business. We recognize acquired in-process research and development (IPR&D) and development milestones that include the buy-out of substantially all future obligations that were contingent upon the occurrence of certain events linked to the success of our mutant-selective PI3Kα inhibitor and a purchase of a priority review voucher. We have undertaken compensatory actions to improve retention and address wage inflation, which will increase compensation costs and impact our consolidated results of operations. The implementation of a provision in the 2017 tax act that requires capitalization and amortization of research and development expenses for tax purposes starting in 2022 has increased our cash payments of income taxes. We have faced challenges meeting strong demand for our incretin products, including due to the limited and fluctuating availability of competitor therapies. We expect additional internal and contracted manufacturing capacity will become fully operational around the world in the next several years, with significant expansion in 2023, as part of our ongoing efforts to meet the significant demand for our incretin medicines. We manage research and development spending across our portfolio of potential new medicines. A delay in, or termination of, any one project will not necessarily cause a significant change in our total research and development spending. We have recognized asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges primarily related to an intangible asset impairment for GBA1 gene therapy due to changes in estimated launch timing. We have also recognized charges resulting from business development transactions with various companies. Our effective tax rate reflects the favorable tax impact of the implementation of a provision in the 2017 tax act, partially offset by the tax impact of the mix of earnings in higher tax jurisdictions. We expect that lower revenue for Humalog due to realized price decline will continue over time. The establishment of payment limits or other restrictions by drug affordability review boards and other state level actors would similarly impact us. We believe our available cash and cash equivalents, together with our ability to generate operating cash flow and our access to short-term and long-term borrowings, are sufficient to fund our existing and planned capital requirements. We anticipate our cash requirements related to ordinary course purchases of goods and services will be consistent with our past levels relative to revenues. Our management continuously evaluates our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can adequately and efficiently finance our capital requirements. We have entered into various agreements for contract manufacturing and for supply of materials, which could require us to pay significant amounts if we do not purchase specified amounts of goods or services over the durations of the agreements. The nature of the pharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects to maintain a successful portfolio of approved products. We utilize the "income method" to determine the estimated fair value of acquired IPR&D, which requires multiple assumptions. The risk of failure has been factored into the fair value measure, and there can be no certainty that these assets ultimately will yield a successful product.