We are engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products, and services, with a focus on enhancing our digital infrastructure and increasing efficiencies and collaboration throughout our business. Our strategy consists of the design and development of platforms and systems that meet the future requirements of 21st-century security, which emphasizes the integration of new and existing systems across all domains with advanced, open-architecture networking and operational technologies to make forces more agile, adaptive, and unpredictable. Key to enabling the success of our strategy is developing differentiating technologies, forging strategic partnerships, and executing on our multi-year business transformation initiative. We invest substantially in our people to ensure that our workforce has the technical skills necessary to succeed, and we expect to continue to invest internally in innovative technologies that address rapidly evolving mission requirements for our customers. We continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers, which includes evaluating our portfolio and making strategic acquisitions or divestitures as appropriate. Our operational flexibility and IT capabilities are critical in transforming our firm into a competitive force, as we mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with other resources and capabilities. We recognize the importance of information management capability, which encompasses the ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, and to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. The emergence of COVID-19 has caused business impacts, including supply chain disruptions and delays, which have affected our operational efficiency and performance. We have accelerated payments to our suppliers to mitigate supply chain risks and have deployed resources at supplier sites to improve oversight and performance. Our investments in information technology support programs and general enterprise IT infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software. We actively seek to finance our business in a manner that preserves financial flexibility while minimizing borrowing costs. Our capital expenditures are primarily for equipment and facilities infrastructure and information technology, which are incurred to support new and existing programs across all of our business segments. We also incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure. Our ability to execute our strategy is underpinned by our talent and culture, which are essential for leveraging technology capabilities and enhancing organizational effectiveness. We are committed to maintaining fiscal discipline while investing in our business and technologies to provide our customers with enhanced capabilities and to position ourselves to take advantage of new business opportunities. The integration of advanced digital technologies into our operations is vital for achieving operational efficiency and enhancing our competitive advantage in the market.