As of December 31, 2022, we have built our own global content delivery network ("open connect") to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Technology and development expenses consist primarily of payroll and related expenses for technology personnel responsible for making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining and modifying our user interface, our recommendations, merchandising and infrastructure. The increase in technology and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to a $386 million increase in personnel-related costs. Our primary uses of cash include the acquisition, licensing and production of content, marketing programs, streaming delivery and personnel-related costs, as well as for strategic acquisitions and investments. We expect to continue to significantly invest in global content, particularly in original content, which will impact our liquidity. We anticipate that cash flows from operations, available funds and access to financing sources, including our revolving credit facility, will continue to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for the next twelve months and beyond. Our ability to obtain this or any additional financing that we may choose to, or need to, obtain will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We may not be able to obtain such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, in full or in part, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including our past operating results, and our forecast of future earnings, future taxable income and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. We recognize content assets (licensed and produced) as "content assets, net" on the consolidated balance sheets. For licensed content, we capitalize the fee per title and record a corresponding liability at the gross amount of the liability when the license period begins, the cost of the title is known and the title is accepted and available for streaming. Our business model is subscription based as opposed to a model generating revenues at a specific title level. Content assets (licensed and produced) are predominantly monetized as a group and therefore are reviewed at a group level when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content or that the fair value may be less than unamortized cost. We have identified the critical accounting policies and judgments addressed in the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The increase in cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to a $1,796 million increase in content amortization relating to our existing and new content, including more exclusive and original programming. The COVID-19 pandemic and the various responses to it created significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption. We cannot predict the future impacts of this ongoing and any new pandemic(s). Our estimates related to these factors require considerable management judgment. We believe that it is more likely than not that most of the deferred tax assets recorded on our consolidated balance sheets will ultimately be realized. The contractual obligations table above does not include any estimated obligation for the unknown future titles, payment for which could range from less than one year to more than five years. However, these unknown obligations are expected to be significant and we believe could include approximately $1 billion to $4 billion over the next three years, with the payments for the vast majority of such amounts expected to occur after the next twelve months.