Servicenow was founded on a simple premise: a better technology platform will help work flow better. Our purpose is to make the world work better for everyone. We help global enterprises across industries, universities, and governments to digitize their workflows. The Now Platform seamlessly connects workflows across siloed organizations and systems in a way that unlocks productivity, improves experiences for both employees and customers, and delivers real business outcomes. The transformation to digital operations, enabled by the Now Platform, increases our customers' resiliency and security and delivers great experiences and additional value to their employees and consumers. Our digital workflow products include the Now Platform, IT service management, strategic portfolio management, IT asset management, enterprise management, security operations, integrated risk management, and customer service management, among others. Our IT operations management products are generally priced on a subscription unit basis, which allows us to measure customers' management of various IT resources. We have historically experienced seasonality in terms of when we enter into customer agreements, which is driven primarily by the expiration of annual authorized budgeted expenditures. Our subscription revenues consist of fees that give customers access to the ordered subscription service for both self-hosted offerings and cloud-based subscription offerings, and related support and updates. We recognize subscription revenues ratably over the subscription term. Our contracts with customers typically include a fixed amount of consideration and are generally non-cancelable and without any refund-type provisions. The allocation of the purchase price in a business combination requires management to make significant estimates in determining the fair value of acquired assets and assumed liabilities, especially with respect to intangible assets. The excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of these tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. We derive our revenues predominantly from subscription revenues, which are primarily comprised of subscription fees that give customers access to the ordered subscription service. Our arrangements for professional services are primarily on a time-and-materials basis, and we generally invoice our customers monthly in arrears for the professional services based on actual hours and expenses incurred. Our customer count is subject to adjustments for acquisitions, spin-offs, and other market activity; accordingly, we restate previously disclosed number of customers with annual contract value greater than $1 million calculations to allow for comparability. We have generated positive operating cash flows for more than ten years as we continue to grow our business in pursuit of our business strategy. Our capital expenditures are typically under cancelable arrangements primarily used to support the installed base and growth of our hosted business. We expect subscription revenues for the year ending December 31, 2023, to increase in absolute dollars and increase slightly as a percentage of revenue as we continue to add new customers and existing customers increase their usage of our products. We expect our cost of subscription revenues for the year ending December 31, 2023, to increase in absolute dollars as we provide subscription services to more customers and increase usage within our customer instances. Our research and development expenses increased significantly due to increased headcount resulting in an increase in personnel-related costs. We continue to improve the existing functionality of our services, develop new applications to fill market needs, and enhance our core platform. We expect our subscription gross profit percentage to decrease slightly for the year ending December 31, 2023, compared to the year ended December 31, 2022.