We empower enterprises, organizations, service providers, and government entities to protect themselves against today's most sophisticated cyber threats. Our cybersecurity platforms and services help secure enterprise users, networks, clouds, and endpoints by delivering comprehensive cybersecurity backed by industry-leading artificial intelligence and automation. We are a leading provider of zero trust solutions that start with the next-generation of zero trust network access to secure remote workforces and extend into securing all users, applications, and infrastructure with zero trust principles. Our security solutions are designed to reduce customers' total cost of ownership by improving operational efficiency and eliminating the need for siloed point products. Our company focuses on delivering value in five fundamental areas: network security, secure access service edge, cloud security, security operations, and threat intelligence and security consulting. We believe our portfolio will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues and new revenues as we continue to grow our end-customer base. We maintain a field sales force that works closely with our channel partners in developing sales opportunities. We primarily use a two-tiered, indirect fulfillment model whereby we sell our products, subscriptions, and support to our distributors, which, in turn, sell to our resellers, which then sell to our end-customers. Our subscription and support revenue grew to $4.1 billion or 75.2% of total revenue for fiscal 2022, representing year-over-year growth of 32.0%. Our subscriptions provide our end-customers with near real-time access to the latest antivirus, intrusion prevention, web filtering, modern malware prevention, data loss prevention, and cloud access security broker capabilities across the network, endpoints, and the cloud. We continue to invest in innovation as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our portfolio, as we believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products are essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. While these areas present significant opportunities for us, they also pose challenges and risks that we must successfully address in order to sustain the growth of our business and improve our operating results. Our focus remains on the safety of our employees, and we strive to protect the health and well-being of the communities in which we operate, in part, by providing technology to our employees, end-customers, and partners to help them do their best work while working remotely. We believe that our cash flow from operations with existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced products and subscription and support offerings, and the investments in our infrastructure to support the adoption of our cloud-based subscription offerings.