We are a leading international tobacco company working to deliver a smoke-free future and to evolve our portfolio for the long term to include products outside of the tobacco and nicotine sector. This investment includes the building of world-class scientific assessment capabilities, notably in the areas of pre-clinical systems toxicology, clinical and behavioral research, as well as post-market studies. To further support the growth of our smoke-free business, reinforce consumer centricity, and increase the speed of innovation and deployment, we rearranged our operations in four geographical segments. The operations of Swedish Match and our wellness and healthcare segment remained unchanged. The Swedish Match acquisition is a key milestone in PMI's transformation to becoming a smoke-free company. By joining forces with Swedish Match, we expect to accelerate the achievement of our joint smoke-free ambitions, switching more adults who would otherwise continue to smoke to better alternatives faster than either company could achieve separately. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. Smoke-free products include wellness and healthcare products, as well as consumer accessories. We have a range of reduced-risk products in various stages of development, scientific assessment, and commercialization. Our smoke-free products were available for sale in 73 markets. The foundation for our long-term growth ambitions beyond nicotine in wellness and healthcare includes the milestone acquisitions of Vectura Group plc and Fertin Pharma A/S, which provide essential capabilities for future product development. The operating results of this new business are reported in the wellness and healthcare segment. Our marketing, administration, and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products, and costs incurred to develop new products. The most significant components of our marketing, administration, and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates, and the mix of products we sell. The change in our net revenues from the comparable 2021 amount was driven by favorable volume/mix, primarily driven by higher heated tobacco units volume and device volume. We recorded pre-tax charges related to the war in Ukraine of approximately $151 million in 2022, including charges in Russia related to the cancellation of the planned launch of Iluma and the planned production of related heated tobacco units. We are continuously assessing the evolving situation in Russia, including recent regulatory constraints in the market. We will report our financial results based on the new geographical segments as of the first quarter of 2023. Our cigarettes are sold in approximately 175 markets, and in many of these markets, they hold the number one or number two market share position. We have invested more than $10.5 billion to develop, scientifically substantiate, and commercialize innovative smoke-free products for adults who would otherwise continue to smoke, with the goal of completely ending the sale of cigarettes. We aim to expand into wellness and healthcare areas through our Vectura Fertin Pharma subsidiary, with a strong foundation and significant expertise in life sciences. The agreement with Altria Group, Inc. regarding commercialization of IQOS in the U.S. allows PMI to have the full rights to commercialize IQOS in the U.S. as of May 1, 2024.