In fiscal 2022, we announced our reinvention plan in the U.S. market to increase efficiency while elevating the partner and customer experience. We believe the investments in partner wages and training will increase retention and productivity while the acceleration of purpose-built store concepts and innovations in technologies will provide additional convenience and connection with our customers. Additionally, there were strategic investments in technology and other initiatives, which contributed to increased support costs to address labor market conditions. Our financial results and long-term growth model will continue to be driven by new store openings, comparable store sales, and margin management, which are assessed using key operating metrics. The growth in company-operated store revenue was driven by an increase in comparable store sales attributed to strategic pricing and increased demand for food items. We expect inflationary pressures on commodities and supply chain to continue to a lesser extent in fiscal 2023, relative to the impact on our business and financial metrics, including operating margin, as compared to fiscal 2022. Despite COVID-19 induced business interruptions, especially in our China market, we have seen the strength and resilience of our brand as well as strong customer demand across our portfolio. Our ability to incur new liens and conduct sale and leaseback transactions on certain material properties is subject to compliance with terms of the indentures under which the long-term notes were issued. We believe that net future cash flows generated from operations and existing cash and investments, combined with our ability to leverage our balance sheet through the issuance of debt, will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses as well as shareholder distributions for at least the next 12 months. Our investment portfolio primarily includes highly liquid available-for-sale securities, including corporate debt securities, government treasury securities, and commercial paper. We actively manage our cash and investments in order to internally fund operating needs, make scheduled interest and principal payments on our borrowings, make acquisitions, and return cash to shareholders through common stock cash dividend payments and share repurchases. We may also seek strategic acquisitions to leverage existing capabilities and further build our business. Our significant accounting estimates involve a higher degree of judgment and/or complexity, particularly in light of the current economic environment due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We evaluate goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually, and our fiscal 2022 annual goodwill impairment testing resulted in an estimated fair value of our reporting units significantly in excess of their carrying value. The fair value calculations include estimates of revenue growth based on past performance and internal projections, which are subject to various factors including strategic initiatives and changes in economic conditions. We do not anticipate recording significant impairment charges in the next 12 months. Our ability to achieve forecasted cash flows used in our fair value calculations is affected by factors such as the success of strategic initiatives, changes in economic conditions, and changes in our business strategies.