TJX provides projections and other forward-looking statements particularly relating to our future financial performance. Our results are subject to risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those described in part I, item 1A, risk factors. We operate over 4,800 stores through our four main segments, and our mission is to deliver great value to our customers every day. We do this by selling a rapidly changing assortment of merchandise at prices generally 20% to 60% below full-price retailers. The increase in net sales reflects a fully open store base for fiscal 2023 compared to temporary store closures in fiscal 2022. Our consolidated average per store inventories were up 1% on a reported basis at the end of fiscal 2023 compared to the prior year. The increase in the total cost of sales was primarily attributable to lower merchandise margin and investments in supply chain. We expect our capital expenditures in fiscal 2024 will be in the range of approximately $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion, including approximately $0.9 billion to $1 billion for our offices and distribution centers to support growth, including buying and merchandising systems and other information systems. We plan to fund these expenditures with our existing cash balances and through internally generated funds. Our operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $4.1 billion in fiscal 2023, primarily due to the change in merchandise inventories net of accounts payable. The increase in operating cash flows was partially offset by a decrease in accrued expenses. We routinely enter into inventory-related hedging instruments to mitigate the impact on earnings of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on merchandise purchases. The mark-to-market adjustment on these derivatives does not affect net sales but does affect the cost of sales, operating margins, and earnings we report. Our liquidity requirements have traditionally been funded through cash generated from operations, supplemented by short-term bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper. We monitor debt financing markets on an ongoing basis and from time to time may incur additional long-term indebtedness depending on prevailing market conditions. We evaluate the performance of our segments based on "segment profit or loss," which we define as pre-tax income or loss before general corporate expense and interest expense. Segment profit margin is used to describe segment profit or loss as a percentage of net sales. The increase in net sales for TJX Canada was primarily driven by leverage on increased sales and higher merchandise margin as well as lower store payroll reflecting lower COVID-related expenses. In fiscal 2024, we expect to add approximately 11 stores in Canada, which would increase selling square footage by approximately 2%. The increase in net sales for TJX International reflects having a fully open store base compared to temporary store closures in fiscal 2022. We expect to add approximately 18 net new stores in Europe and approximately 6 net new stores in Australia in fiscal 2024. Our e-commerce sales at TKMaxx.com represented approximately 3% of TJX International's net sales for fiscal 2023. We expect to add approximately 45 Marmaxx net new stores in fiscal 2024, which would increase selling square footage by approximately 2%. The decrease in SG&A ratio for fiscal 2023 was primarily driven by store payroll due to a reduction of COVID-related costs and lower share-based and incentive compensation costs. The decrease in general corporate expense for fiscal 2023 was primarily driven by lower share-based and incentive compensation costs.