Throughout 2022, we continued to refine our proprietary software to evaluate train and route characteristics to enable proactive intervention by our operating practices command center to prevent derailments. Our operating practices command center will continue the implementation of predictive technology to reduce variability by seeking to identify causes of mainline service interruptions and develop solutions, in addition to assisting employees with understanding best practices for handling trains. We will continue our efforts to utilize data to identify and mitigate exposure to risk, detect rail defects, improve or close crossings, and educate the public and law enforcement agencies about crossing safety through a combination of our own programs, industry programs, and local community activities across the network. In 2023, we strive to increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource availability, including actively hiring additional train, engine, and yard employees. Further train length initiatives allow us to efficiently add incremental volume growth to our existing train network. We will continue to make capital investments targeted to improve operational performance, handle more volume, and increase efficiency, requiring fewer locomotives, freight cars, and other critical resources. Our capital plan includes investments in growth-related projects to drive more carloads to the network, certain ramps to efficiently handle volumes from new and existing intermodal customers, continuous modernization of our locomotive fleet, and projects intended to improve operational efficiency. We are dedicated to maintaining a healthy workplace and continue monitoring the COVID case levels, modifying our policies as needed to protect employees and minimize the risk of workplace transmission. We have been, and we expect to continue to be, in compliance with our debt covenants. Our access to liquidity through the capital markets is also dependent on our financial stability. We expect that we will continue to have access to liquidity through increasing the utilization of our receivables facility, issuing commercial paper, entering into bank loans, or issuing bonds or other debt securities to public or private investors based on our assessment of the current condition of the credit markets. Our principal sources of liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, our receivables facility, our revolving credit facility, as well as the availability of commercial paper and other sources of financing through the capital markets. We continually evaluate our financial condition and liquidity. We analyze a wide range of economic scenarios and the impact on our ability to generate cash. These analyses inform our liquidity plans and activities, indicating we have sufficient borrowing capacity to sustain an extended period of lower volumes. Our operating ratio of 60.1% deteriorated 2.9 points compared to 2021 driven by operational inefficiencies, inflation, a one-time charge for the labor agreements reached with our labor unions, higher fuel prices, and other cost increases, partially offset by core pricing gains, mix of traffic, and lower weather-related expenses. We expect volume to outpace industrial production growth in 2023 due to our business development efforts bringing new customers to our railroad. In the current environment, we expect continued operating ratio improvement driven by pricing in excess of inflation, improving our service product, and better leveraging our resources. We will continue to adapt to the evolving environment due to COVID and other illnesses, refining safety procedures and policies based on Centers for Disease Control and Prevention guidelines.