We continue to execute our customer first, people led, innovation driven strategy, focusing on the parts of our market that value our integrated global network and building capabilities that matter to our customers. We are shifting our strategic framework to better and bolder by seeking to enhance customer engagement through combining our network with digital capabilities to drive new services, while at the same time increasing efficiencies and remaining disciplined with capital allocation. We completed the acquisition of delivery solutions, a digital platform that optimizes customer deliveries across multiple networks, and the acquisition of bomi group, which will accelerate our growth in healthcare logistics by expanding our footprint and bringing additional expertise in cold chain logistics. We expect our capital expenditures will be approximately $5.3 billion in 2023, of which approximately 50 percent will be allocated to expansion projects. Our current investment program anticipates investments in technology initiatives and enhanced network capabilities, including over $1.0 billion of projects to support our environmental sustainability goals. Information technology expenditures increased due to additional deployments of technology equipment and continuing investments in our digital capabilities and network automation. We believe excluding the impacts of such changes allows users of our financial statements to more appropriately identify underlying growth trends in compensation and benefits expense. We supplement the reporting of our financial information determined under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States with certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our adjusted financial measures do not represent a comprehensive basis of accounting and therefore may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. We have been informed by the participating financial institutions that as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, suppliers sold them $806 and $545 million, respectively, of our outstanding payment obligations. We expect overall average daily volume year-over-year growth rates will continue to decline in the first half of 2023 and then grow through the remainder of the year as economic conditions improve. We anticipate that the cost per piece growth rate will be elevated in the first quarter of 2023 and will then moderate throughout the remainder of the year. We expect our productivity initiatives will continue to help offset rising compensation and benefit costs. We expect year-over-year volume growth in the first half of 2023 to be negative, with economic conditions and volume growth rates improving in the second half of the year. We will continue adjusting our network in order to mitigate these impacts. Our strategic execution strengthened our balance sheet and resulted in the generation of strong cash flows for the year. We anticipate these factors will continue to impact us into 2023. We believe that these positions, expected cash from operations, access to commercial paper programs and capital markets and other available liquidity options will be adequate to fund our material short- and long-term cash requirements, including our business operations, planned capital expenditures and pension contributions. We regularly evaluate opportunities to optimize our capital structure, including through issuances of debt to refinance existing debt and to fund operations. We expect inflation and other market factors will continue to impact compensation cost in certain parts of our business in 2023. We anticipate that volume will remain challenged and that market rates within all of our forwarding businesses during the first half of 2023 will be lower than the first half of 2022. We expect growth to continue in 2023, including revenue from bomi group, which we acquired in the fourth quarter. We expect a reduction in fuel surcharge revenue in 2023 based on the current commodity market outlook.