Abbott depends on sophisticated information technology systems and maintains protected personal data, and a cyber attack or other breach affecting these information technology systems or protected data could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's results of operations. The size and complexity of the information technology systems on which Abbott relies for both its infrastructure and products makes them susceptible to a cyber attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Abbott invests in its systems and technology and in the protection of its products and data to reduce the risk of an attack or other significant disruption, and monitors its systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats or vulnerabilities and for changes in technology and the regulatory environment. There can be no assurance that these measures and efforts will prevent future attacks or other significant disruptions to any of the systems on which Abbott relies or that related product issues will not arise in the future. Additionally, Abbott's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause Abbott's revenue and profitability to decline. To remain competitive, Abbott must continue to launch new products and technologies, committing substantial efforts, funds, and other resources to research and development. Abbott must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. Innovations may not be accepted quickly in the marketplace due to entrenched patterns of clinical practice or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. Abbott is continually monitoring the effects of the pandemic on its operations, ensuring that its operations throughout the world are aligned with specific governmental orders and guidelines affecting each location. Abbott has taken aggressive steps to limit exposure to COVID-19 and enhance the safety of facilities for its employees. The demand for COVID-19 tests has been highly volatile, and Abbott expects this volatility to continue as the possible emergence and severity of new variants are unpredictable. Capital expenditures were principally for upgrading and expanding manufacturing and research and development facilities and equipment in various segments, investments in information technology, and laboratory instruments placed with customers. Abbott's ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on various factors, including its financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond Abbott's control. Abbott's business is subject to risks associated with managing a global supply chain and doing business internationally, with sales outside of the United States comprising approximately 61 percent of consolidated net sales. The international nature of Abbott's business subjects it to additional business risks that may cause its revenue and profitability to decline. Abbott's products are subject to rigorous regulation by the FDA and numerous international, supranational, federal, and state authorities, and the process of obtaining regulatory approvals can be costly and time-consuming. Abbott's ability to effectively support business needs has become a key factor in transforming the firm into a competitive force, underscoring the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities.