The complexity of the current scale of our business can place significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions, and our expansion increases these factors. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and content, including AWS, and expansion of new and existing product categories and service offerings, as well as in technology infrastructure to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. We believe that advances in technology, specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power, data storage and analytics, improved wireless connectivity, and the practical applications of artificial intelligence and machine learning, will continue to improve users' experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people's lives. We face intense competition, and our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, with many competitors across geographies and in different industries. Competition continues to intensify, including with the development of new business models and the entry of new and well-funded competitors, and as our competitors enter into business combinations or alliances. The internet facilitates competitive entry and comparison shopping, which enhances the ability of new, smaller, or lesser-known businesses to compete against us. Our expansion into new products, services, technologies, and geographic regions subjects us to additional risks, including limited or no experience in newer market segments and potential claims if customers experience service disruptions or failures. Our international operations expose us to a number of risks, including local economic and political conditions, government regulation, and limited fulfillment and technology infrastructure. We seek to expand our fulfillment network to accommodate a greater selection and in-stock inventory levels and to meet anticipated shipment volumes from sales of our own products as well as sales by third parties for which we provide fulfillment services. We regularly evaluate our facility requirements. Our technology and content costs include payroll and related expenses for employees involved in the research and development of new and existing products and services, development, design, and maintenance of our stores, and infrastructure costs. We expect spending in technology and content to increase over time as we continue to add employees and technology infrastructure. We are also subject to risks related to system interruption and lack of redundancy, as we experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our websites and services unavailable or slow to respond. Our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient. We face risks related to successfully optimizing and operating our fulfillment network and data centers, as failures to adequately predict customer demand or otherwise optimize and operate our fulfillment network and data centers can result in excess or insufficient capacity, service interruptions, and increased costs. We rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory to us and completed orders to our customers, and any inability to negotiate acceptable terms with these companies could negatively impact our operating results and customer experience. We could be harmed by data loss or other security breaches, as we collect, process, store, and transmit large amounts of data, including confidential, sensitive, proprietary, and business and personal information. Failure to prevent or mitigate data loss, theft, misuse, or other security breaches could expose us or our customers to a risk of loss, disclosure, or misuse of such information, adversely affect our operating results, and harm our business and reputation.