Our ability to respond to and keep up with the rapid pace of technological and market changes is crucial for maintaining our competitive position. We rely on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure, and our business is dependent on the internet and maintaining connectivity between ourselves and consumers, sources of internet traffic, such as Google, and our travel service providers and restaurants. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and changing consumer demands and preferences. It is increasingly important for us to effectively offer our services on mobile devices through mobile apps and mobile-optimized websites and to tailor our services to varying devices and platforms. Our future success will depend on our ability to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, to adapt our services and online platforms to evolving industry standards and local preferences, and to continually innovate and improve the performance, features, and reliability of our services and online platforms in response to competitive service offerings and the evolving demands of the marketplace. We are working toward enhancing our payments capabilities, including by offering alternative payment solutions to consumers. If we are unable to offer consumers their preferred method of payment by integrating new or emerging payment methods into our platforms, we may not be able to effectively offer our services to these consumers, which would limit our growth opportunities in these markets. We face risks related to cyberattacks, IT systems-related failures or security breaches, and data privacy risks and obligations. Cyberattacks by various threat actors are increasing in frequency and sophistication, and we face sophisticated adversaries and may not be able to defend against a persistent, sophisticated cyberattack. Our processing, storage, use, and disclosure of personal data expose us to risks of internal or external security breaches and could give rise to liabilities and/or damage our reputation. We have experienced and responded to cyberattacks, which we believe have not had a significant impact on the integrity of our systems or the security of data maintained by us. However, security breaches could result in negative publicity, damage our reputation, expose us to risk of loss or litigation, and possible liability. Our business relies on a global supply chain of third-party service providers, and we are exposed to risks because we rely on the resilience, security, and legal compliance of their products and services. We are currently in the early stages of a multi-year phased migration to integrate and upgrade certain cross-brand global financial systems and processes. The implementation of new information technology, payment, enterprise resource planning (ERP), or other systems could be disruptive and/or costly, or we may experience difficulty successfully integrating new systems into existing systems or migrating to new systems from existing systems. Our marketing efficiency is impacted by a number of factors that are subject to variability and are in some cases outside of our control, including ad rates, costs per click, cancellation rates, and our ability to convert paid traffic to booking customers. We believe that our existing cash balances and liquid resources will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures, and other obligations through at least the next twelve months. However, if we are not successful in generating sufficient cash flow from operations or in raising additional capital when required in sufficient amounts and on terms acceptable to us, we may be required to reduce our planned capital expenditures and scale back the scope of our business plans, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, our ability to compete, or our future growth prospects, financial condition, and results of operations.