We rely extensively on information technology systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities, and tools, physical security systems, and other hardware, software, and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided, and/or used by third parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure could negatively impact operations. The ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, create opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction or modification of confidential information stored in our or our third-party providers' systems. We could also experience a business interruption, theft of confidential information, or reputational damage from industrial espionage attacks, malware, or other cyber-attacks, which may compromise our system infrastructure or lead to data leakage, either internally or at our third-party providers. We have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and IT to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients in a focused set of disease areas. If we are unable to successfully execute on this strategy, this could negatively impact our future results of operations and market capitalization. The ultimate success of our acquisition of Celgene and our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from the acquisition, including the expected cost savings and avoidance from synergies, innovation opportunities, and operational efficiencies, depends on how effective we are in integrating the Bristol Myers Squibb and Celgene operations, products, and employees. We are in the process of integrating a large number of manufacturing, operational, and administrative systems to achieve consistency throughout the combined company, including with respect to human capital management, portfolio rationalization, finance and accounting systems, sales operations and product distribution, pricing systems and methodologies, cybersecurity systems, compliance programs, and internal controls processes. This integration is a complex, costly, and time-consuming process. If difficulties in the integration of our operations were to occur, they could adversely affect our business, including causing a failure to meet demand for our products or adversely affecting our ability to meet our financial reporting obligations. We face intense competition from other manufacturers and expect to see increasing market penetration of lower-priced generic products. The future growth of Bristol Myers Squibb is dependent on market access, uptake and expansion for marketed brands, new product introductions, new indications, product extensions, and co-promotional activities with alliance partners. Our ability to source raw materials and supplies used to manufacture our CAR T cell therapies and to develop consistent and reliable manufacturing processes and distribution networks with an attractive cost of goods could impact future anticipated revenue and gross profit for our CAR T cell therapies. We must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications for existing products sufficient to cover our substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. Failure to do so in the short term or long term can have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition, and prospects.