We rely on technology in virtually all aspects of our business. Certain of our information systems have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access, phishing efforts, denial-of-service attacks and other cyber-attacks, and we expect to be subject to similar attacks in the future as such attacks become more sophisticated and frequent. A significant disruption or failure of our technology systems could result in service interruptions, safety failures, security events, regulatory compliance failures, and an inability to protect information and assets against unauthorized users. Additionally, if we are unable to acquire, develop, implement, adopt or protect rights around new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage, which could also have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity. Cyber-attacks could further adversely affect our ability to operate facilities, information technology and business systems or compromise confidential customer and employee information. Our operating subsidiaries need qualified and competent personnel in executing their business plans and serving their customers, suppliers and other stakeholders. Our inability to recruit and retain qualified and competent managers and personnel could negatively affect the operating results, financial condition and liquidity of our subsidiaries and Berkshire as a whole. Competition and technology may erode our business franchises and result in lower earnings. Each of our operating businesses faces intense competition within markets in which they operate. While we manage our businesses with the objective of achieving long-term sustainable growth by developing and strengthening competitive advantages, many factors, including technological changes, may erode or prevent the strengthening of competitive advantages. Accordingly, our future operating results will depend to some degree on our operating units successfully protecting and enhancing their competitive advantages. Our insurance businesses are subject to normal economic cycles affecting the general economy or the specific industries in which they operate. Significant deteriorations of economic conditions over a prolonged period could produce a material adverse effect on one or more of our significant operations. We also believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to short-term investments. Our consolidated balance sheet continues to reflect very significant liquidity and a very strong capital base. Our diverse group of businesses generated net operating cash flows of approximately $39 billion. We forecast capital expenditures of these two operations will approximate $11.1 billion in 2022. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains and losses. We consider investment income as an integral component of our aggregate insurance operating results. However, we consider investment gains and losses, whether realized or unrealized, as non-operating. We believe that such gains and losses are not meaningful in understanding the periodic operating results of our insurance businesses. Our management views our insurance businesses as possessing two distinct activities - underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers, while investing decisions are the responsibility of Berkshire's chairman and CEO, Warren E. Buffett and Berkshire's corporate investment managers.