The emergence of COVID-19 variants and rising case counts in certain geographies have contributed to periods of increased remote work, including for our employees. While our technology infrastructure has supported remote work, such working environments may be less secure and more susceptible to hacking attacks, including phishing and social engineering attempts that seek to exploit the COVID-19 pandemic. Our operations are highly dependent on our technology platforms and we rely heavily on our analytical, financial, accounting, communications and other data processing systems. Cybersecurity risks could result in the loss of data, interruptions in our business, and damage to our reputation, and subject us to regulatory actions, increased costs and financial losses, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We have become increasingly reliant on third party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including for the administration of certain funds, as well as for certain technology platforms, including cloud-based services. The reliance on these third-party service providers could also face ongoing cybersecurity threats and compromises of their systems and as a result, unauthorized individuals could gain access to certain confidential data. Our technology infrastructure has proven to be robust and capable of supporting a remote work model, and we have implemented rigorous protocols for remote work across the firm, including increased cadence of group calls and updates, and frequent communication across leadership and working levels. The asset management business is intensely competitive, with competition based on a variety of factors, including investment performance, the quality of service provided to clients, investor liquidity and willingness to invest, fund terms (including fees), brand recognition and business reputation. Developments in financial technology, or fintech, such as distributed ledger technology, or blockchain, have the potential to disrupt the financial industry and change the way financial institutions, as well as asset managers, do business. Our business is materially affected by financial market and economic conditions and events throughout the world that are outside our control. The significant voting power of holders of our series I preferred stock and series II preferred stock may limit the ability of holders of our common stock to influence our business. We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation and alignment of interests with investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise and maintain this culture, particularly in light of rapid and significant growth in our employee population, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to manage our exposure to these conditions and/or events can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, reducing the value or performance of the investments made by our funds and making it more difficult to fund opportunities for our funds to exist and realize value from existing investment. We have also leveraged technology to ensure our teams stay connected and productive, and that our culture remains strong. The increase in technology-related expenses was primarily due to professional fees and technology-related expenses.