Availability and performance of our information technology (IT) systems are vital to our business. Failure to successfully execute IT projects and have IT systems available to our business would adversely impact our operations. IT systems play a crucial role in conducting our business. These systems are utilized to process a very high volume of transactions, conduct payment transactions, track and value our inventory, and produce reports critical for making business decisions. Failure or disruption of these systems could have an adverse impact on our ability to buy products and services from our suppliers, produce goods in our manufacturing plants, move the products in an efficient manner to our warehouses, and sell products to our members. We are undertaking large technology and IT transformation projects. The failure of these projects could adversely impact our business plans and potentially impair our day-to-day business operations. Given the high volume of transactions we process, it is important that we build strong digital resiliency to prevent disruption from events such as power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, viruses, internal or external security breaches, errors by employees, and catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, tornadoes, and hurricanes. Any debilitating failure of our critical IT systems, data centers, and backup systems would require significant investments in resources to restore IT services and may cause serious impairment in our business operations, including loss of business services, increased cost of moving merchandise, and failure to provide service to our members. We are currently making substantial investments in maintaining and enhancing our digital resiliency, and failure or delay in these projects could be costly and harmful to our business. Failure to deliver IT transformation efforts efficiently and effectively could result in the loss of our competitive position and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. We are required to maintain the privacy and security of personal and business information amidst multiplying threat landscapes and in compliance with privacy and data protection regulations globally. Operating these IT systems and networks, and processing and maintaining this data in a secure manner, is critical to our business operations and strategy. Increased remote work due to the COVID-19 pandemic has also increased the possible attack surfaces. Cybersecurity attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crimes and advanced persistent threats. Increased security threats and more sophisticated cyber misconduct pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, and services. We rely upon IT systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with virtually all of our business activities. Increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs could adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations, and financial condition, and critically, in light of our business model, loss of member confidence. We are also subject to evolving payment card association and network operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers. If our internal systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card re-issuance costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and lose our ability to accept card payments from our members, adversely affecting our business and operating results. Our e-commerce business depends heavily on third-party and in-house logistics providers, and that business is negatively affected when these providers are unable to provide services in a timely fashion. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.