We are dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data, including our kite konnect platform, which is critical to maintain chain of identity and chain of custody of yescarta and tecartus. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion and ransomware attack. Cybersecurity incidents are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, including during the covid-19 pandemic. Cybersecurity incidents include, for example, the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware, denial-of-service, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. Our business and technology partners face similar risks and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. We have experienced cybersecurity incidents, including data breaches and service interruptions. When cybersecurity incidents occur, we respond and address them in accordance with applicable governmental regulations and other legal requirements, including our cybersecurity protocols. There can be no assurance that our efforts in response to cybersecurity incidents, as well as our investments to protect our information technology infrastructure and data, will shield us from significant losses and potential liability or prevent any future interruption or breach of our systems. Such cybersecurity incidents can cause the loss of critical or sensitive information, including personal information, and could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws. Regulators globally are also imposing new data privacy and security requirements, including new and greater monetary fines for privacy violations. Our operations depend on compliance with complex FDA and comparable international regulations. Failure to obtain broad approvals on a timely basis or to maintain compliance could delay or halt commercialization of our products. We continually review our R&D projects based on unmet medical need and, as necessary, reallocate resources among our internal R&D portfolio and external opportunities that we believe will best support the long-term growth of our business. Our ability to deliver on our strategy is subject to a number of uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, which remains unpredictable; the uncertainty regarding the amount and timing of future veklury sales; the continuation of an uncertain global macroeconomic environment; our ability to realize the potential benefits of our acquisitions, collaborations or licensing arrangements; our ability to initiate, progress or complete clinical trials within currently anticipated timeframes; and the possibility of unfavorable results from new and ongoing clinical trials. We rely on a number of collaborative relationships with third parties for our sales and marketing performance in certain territories. Reliance on collaborative relationships poses a number of risks, including the risk that we are unable to control the resources our corporate partners devote to our programs or products. Our future success will depend in large part on our continued ability to attract, develop and retain highly qualified scientific, technical and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical testing, governmental regulation and commercialization. Our ability to do so also depends in part on how well we maintain a strong workplace culture that is attractive to employees. In addition, competition for qualified personnel in the biopharmaceutical field is intense, and there is a limited pool of qualified potential employees to recruit. Significant cybersecurity incidents could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws and adversely affect our business and operations.