Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. The use of computing devices and phones is critical to the work done by our employees and the operation of our systems and businesses and those of our clients and our third-party service providers and vendors. We must continuously update these systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets, and invest heavily in systemic controls and training to pursue our objective of ensuring that such transactions do not violate applicable rules and regulations or, due to errors in processing such transactions, adversely affect markets, our clients and counterparties or us. Enhancements and updates to systems, as well as the requisite training, including in connection with the integration of new businesses, entail significant costs and create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks and those of our vendors. We are regularly the target of attempted cyber attacks, including denial-of-service attacks, and must continuously monitor and develop our systems to protect the integrity and functionality of our technology infrastructure and access to and the security of our data. We have faced an increasing number of attempted cyber attacks as we expand our mobile- and other internet-based products and services, as well as our usage of mobile and cloud technologies, and as we provide more of these services to a greater number of individual consumers. We utilize credit underwriting models in connection with our businesses, including our consumer-oriented activities. Allegations, whether or not accurate, that the ultimate underwriting decisions do not treat consumers or clients fairly, or comply with the applicable law or regulation, can result in negative publicity, reputational damage and governmental and regulatory scrutiny, investigations and enforcement actions. Our financial, accounting, data processing or other operational systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, such as a spike in transaction volume, adversely affecting our ability to process these transactions or provide these services. We have established a comprehensive framework to monitor, measure and assess our country exposures and to determine our risk appetite. We monitor our credit exposure to a specific country both at the individual counterparty level, as well as at the aggregate country level. We have developed and pursued new business and strategic initiatives, including acquisitions, and expect to continue to do so. If and to the extent we are unable to successfully execute those initiatives, we may incur unanticipated costs and losses, and face other adverse consequences, such as negative reputational effects. In addition, the actual effects of pursuing those initiatives may differ, possibly materially, from the benefits that we expect to realize from them, such as generating additional revenues, achieving expense savings, reducing operational risk exposures or using capital and funding more efficiently. We have increased and intend to further increase our consumer-oriented deposit-taking and lending activities. As we continue to grow our third-party alternatives business, we remain focused on our strategic objective to reduce the capital intensity of the asset management segment by reducing our on-balance sheet equity investments.