Information technology is critical to the success of our digital products, helping us operate efficiently, interface with customers, maintain our supply chain and manufacturing operations, operate effectively and efficiently, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency, and accurately produce our financial statements. Disruption of critical information systems or material breaches in the security of our systems could harm our business, customer relations, and financial condition. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, security breaches of our digital products, or the unauthorized access to, loss of, or damage to intellectual property, confidential information, or personally identifiable information. Our data management systems must effectively collect, store, process, and report relevant data for the operation of our business; any impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the timeliness with which we report our internal and external operating results. We utilize external vendors to supply and/or support certain aspects of our information technology systems, and we are dependent on these third parties to deploy appropriate security programs to protect their systems. The systems of these external vendors may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security of our own systems. We also rely on technology that we license from others, including technology that is integral to our products, and there is no assurance that we can obtain licenses on acceptable terms or at all. Our ability to meet customers' demands depends, in part, on our ability to timely obtain an adequate delivery of quality materials, parts, and components from our suppliers. An information technology systems interruption, including cybersecurity attacks, could adversely affect the ordering, distribution, and manufacturing processes of our suppliers. We engage in activities to seek to mitigate such supply disruptions by increasing our communications with our suppliers and modifying our purchase order coverage and inventory levels. The global semiconductor and materials supply shortage is likely to remain a challenge for the foreseeable future. Our products must meet the requirements of a large and growing body of international standards that govern product safety, efficacy, advertising, labeling, safety reporting design, manufacture, materials content and sourcing, testing, certification, packaging, installation, use, and disposal. We must obtain regulatory approvals or certifications and comply with the regulations of those countries, which may differ substantially from those of the U.S. Our products and operations are also subject to increasingly stringent medical device, privacy, and other regulations by regional, federal, state, and local authorities. We have made substantial investments in our commercial operations, product development activities, facilities, and intellectual property, and we anticipate that we will continue to be able to fund future growth through cash provided by our operations. Our installed base, number of placements, and utilization of da Vinci surgical systems provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance, as management believes that these metrics are indicators of the rate of adoption of robotic-assisted surgery as well as indicators of future recurring revenue. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, together with income to be derived from the sale of our products, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements for the foreseeable future.