Our business, financial condition or results of operations could also be materially and adversely affected by additional factors that apply to all companies generally, as well as other risks that are not currently known to us or that we currently view to be immaterial. Difficult market and economic conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments that we manage or by reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could negatively impact our net income and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. Our business and the businesses of the companies in which we invest are materially affected by financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world, such as interest rates, fiscal and monetary stimulus and withdrawal of stimulus, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls, national and international political circumstances, and the continued global outbreak of the strain of coronavirus identified as SARS-CoV-2 and its different strains. Such financial markets and economic conditions are outside our control and may affect the level and volatility of securities prices and liquidity and as a result, the value of our investments and our financial results. We rely heavily on our financial, accounting and other data processing systems and on the systems of third parties who provide services to us. If any of these systems do not operate properly, are disabled or not appropriately updated, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to our funds, regulatory intervention, fines, sanctions or reputational damage. Our public markets business line is highly dependent on our ability to process and evaluate, on a daily basis, transactions across markets and geographies in a time-sensitive, efficient and accurate manner. We also face operational risk from errors made in the execution, confirmation or settlement of transactions and reliance on manual processes in certain circumstances. Our technology infrastructure may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, may not be able to adequately protect the information of our clients, may not be suitable for new products and strategies and may be subject to security risks, and the cost of maintaining such systems and technology may increase from our current level. Cyber-security failures and data security breaches may disrupt or have a material adverse impact on our businesses, operations and investments. We face various security threats on a regular basis, including ongoing cyber-security threats to and attacks on our information technology infrastructure that are intended to gain access to our proprietary information, destroy data or disable, degrade or sabotage our systems. The covid-19 pandemic has exacerbated these risks due to heavier reliance on online communication and remote working environments, which are less secure, and a significant increase in ransomware and other hacking attempts by cyber-criminals. Our organizational documents do not limit our ability to enter into new lines of businesses, and we may expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets and businesses, each of which may result in additional risks and uncertainties in our businesses. We have also launched a number of new investment initiatives in areas such as core plus real estate, real estate credit, core infrastructure, growth equity, core private equity, and impact investments. Our organic growth strategy focuses on providing resources to foster the development of new product offerings and business strategies by our investment professionals and launching successor and related products, such that our new strategies achieve a level of scale and profitability.
Global Atlantic has devoted significant resources to develop its enterprise risk management ("ERM") framework to identify, monitor, and manage financial and non-financial risks effectively, but cannot guarantee that this framework will allow it to efficiently price, identify, and predict future risks. Developing an effective framework for assessing and managing risks is complex, and no framework or strategy can completely insulate Global Atlantic from all risks. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that Global Atlantic can effectively review and monitor all risks or that all employees will follow its risk management policies and procedures. As part of the ERM framework, Global Atlantic utilizes models, including its asset-liability cash flow matching platform, to assess risks believed to be applicable to its business. Global Atlantic will need to continuously update these models, systems, and its ERM framework based on its business strategy, risk limits, the regulatory and capital environment, and other external and internal factors that may impact its strategy, the market, or industry environment. Many of Global Atlantic's methods for managing risk and exposures are based upon the use of observed historical market behavior to model or project potential future exposure. Models used by Global Atlantic's business are based on assumptions and projections, which may not operate properly or may be inaccurate. A lack of controls and processes or failures in such controls and processes with respect to Global Atlantic's models may impair the integrity and reliability of these models and their outputs. As a result, these methods may not fully predict future exposures, which can be significantly greater than historical measures indicate. If Global Atlantic's processes, analysis, and risk management do not accurately predict and appropriately respond to future risk exposures, such risks could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, and financial condition. Global Atlantic's actual or perceived financial strength impacts its ability to sell its products, and a downgrade in its ratings or in the ratings of its insurance subsidiaries could materially adversely affect its ability to compete, raise equity, or issue debt. The ability of Global Atlantic's subsidiaries to engage in reinsurance transactions may depend in part on their financial condition and is influenced by their ratings. If an independent rating agency downgrades or withdraws any of Global Atlantic's ratings, it could be limited in, or prevented from, writing any new insurance and reinsurance contracts; some existing contracts may be terminated or may require it to enhance certain credit terms; and its ability to access the capital markets could be materially adversely impacted. Global Atlantic's business depends in part on strong financial strength ratings to compete effectively. The ability to maintain good working relationships with various regulatory authorities is crucial to establish and maintain its business operations. If those relationships and that reputation were to deteriorate, Global Atlantic's businesses could be materially adversely affected. Global Atlantic's insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are subject to laws and regulations that may restrict their ability to write insurance and reinsurance policies, make certain types of investments, and distribute funds. The investment management agreements between KKR's investment manager and Global Atlantic entities were approved by applicable insurance regulators, and any changes to such agreements must receive applicable approval.