Failure, inadequacy, breach of, or unauthorized access to our IT systems or those of our third-party service providers, unauthorized access to our confidential information, or violations of data protection laws, could each result in material harm to our business and reputation. We rely, to a large extent, on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems, infrastructure, and hardware to accumulate, process, store, and transmit large amounts of confidential information and other data. Maintaining the security, confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our IT systems and confidential information is vital to our business. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party service providers, to protect and maintain the security, confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our IT systems and our confidential information and other data could significantly harm our reputation as well as result in significant costs, including those related to fines, litigation, and obligations to comply with applicable data breach laws. IT systems are vulnerable to system inadequacies, operating failures, service interruptions or failures, security breaches, malicious intrusions, or cyber-attacks from a variety of sources. Cyber-attacks are growing in their frequency, sophistication, and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect, mitigate, or prevent. Breaches resulting in the compromise, disruption, degradation, manipulation, loss, theft, destruction, or unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential information, or the unauthorized access to, disruption of, or interference with our IT systems, products, and services, can occur in a variety of ways, including but not limited to, negligent or wrongful conduct by employees or others with permitted access to our systems and information, or wrongful conduct by hackers, competitors, certain governments or nation-states, or other current or former company personnel. Our third-party partners, including third-party providers of data hosting or cloud services, as well as suppliers, distributors, alliances, and other third parties with whom we may share data, face similar risks, which could affect us directly or indirectly. The healthcare industry has been and continues to be a target for cyber-attacks, and the number of threats has only increased over time. The failure, inadequacy, or breach of our IT systems or business processes, the compromise, disruption, degradation, manipulation, loss, theft, destruction, or unauthorized access to, disclosure or use of, confidential information, or the unauthorized access to, disruption of, or interference with our products and services that rely on IT systems or business processes, could impair our ability to secure and maintain intellectual property rights; result in a product manufacturing interruption or failure, or in the interruption or failure of products or services that rely on IT systems or business processes; damage our operations, customer relationships, or reputation; result in unfavorable clinical trial results by virtue of incorrect or unreliable data; and/or cause us to lose trade secrets or other competitive advantages. Unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information could expose us to significant sanctions for violations of data privacy laws and regulations around the world and could damage public trust in our company. We continue to implement measures in an effort to protect, detect, respond to, and minimize or prevent these risks and to enhance the resiliency of our IT systems; however, these measures may not be successful and we may fail to detect or remediate security breaches, malicious intrusions, cyber-attacks, or other compromises of our systems. Any of these events could result in material financial, legal, commercial, or reputational harm to our business.