Our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products. We face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including companies that facilitate the ability of users to share, communicate, and discover content and information online or enable marketers to reach their existing or prospective audiences. Our advertising revenue growth in the second half of 2021 was adversely affected by reduced marketer spending as a result of limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the iOS operating system. We anticipate that additional investments in our data center capacity, servers, network infrastructure, and office facilities, as well as scaling our headcount to support our growth, including in our Reality Labs initiatives, will continue to drive expense growth in 2022. Our business and results of operations have also been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and the preventative measures implemented by authorities from time to time to help limit the spread of the illness. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in business slowdowns or shutdowns in certain affected countries and regions, which have significantly impacted our business and results of operations. We have experienced significant increases in the size and engagement of our active user base across a number of regions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, but more recently, we have seen these pandemic-related trends subside. Our ability to build, maintain, and scale our technical infrastructure, and risks associated with disruptions in our service, are critical to our operational effectiveness. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our products from time to time. Our systems may not be adequately designed or may not operate with the reliability and redundancy necessary to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. If our products are unavailable when users attempt to access them, or if they do not load as quickly as expected, users may not use our products as often in the future, or at all, and our ability to serve ads may be disrupted. We also rely on third parties to manufacture and manage the logistics of transporting and distributing our consumer hardware products, which subjects us to a number of risks that have been exacerbated as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, supply or labor shortages or other disruptions in logistics and the supply chain, which could result in shipping delays and negatively impact our operations, product development, and sales. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our users is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. Our products and internal systems rely on software and hardware that is highly technical, and any errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities in these systems, or failures to address or mitigate technical limitations in our systems, could adversely affect our business. We are also subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad relating to cybersecurity and data protection, as well as obligations under our modified consent order with the FTC. Our ongoing efforts related to privacy, safety, security, and content review will identify additional instances of misuse of user data or other undesirable activity by third parties on our platform.