The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure. In 2017, the company experienced a network cyber-attack that led to a disruption of its worldwide operations, including manufacturing, research, and sales operations. The company could be a target of future cyber-attacks. The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications, complex information technology systems, computing infrastructure, and cloud service providers to conduct critical operations. Disruption, degradation, or manipulation of these IT systems through intentional or accidental means by the company's employees, third parties with authorized access, or unauthorized third parties could adversely affect key business processes. Cyber-attacks against the company's IT systems or third-party providers' IT systems could result in exposure of confidential information, the modification of critical data, and/or the failure of critical operations. The company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes, including data acquisition; the use of which can create new risks. The company has implemented a variety of measures to further enhance and modernize its systems to guard against similar attacks in the future and is pursuing an enterprise-wide effort to enhance the company's resiliency against future cyber-attacks. The objective of these efforts is not only to protect against future cyber-attacks but also to improve the speed of the company's recovery from such attacks and enable continued business operations to the greatest extent possible during any recovery period. The company monitors its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company IT systems to reduce these risks and continues to do so on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. The company is subject to evolving and complex tax laws, which may result in additional liabilities that may affect results of operations and financial condition. The company is also exposed to market risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates. The company operates in multiple jurisdictions, and virtually all sales are denominated in currencies of the local jurisdiction. Additionally, the company has entered and will enter into business development transactions, borrowings, or other financial transactions that may give rise to currency and interest rate exposure. The company's strong financial profile enables it to fund research and development, focus on external alliances, support in-line products, and maximize upcoming launches while providing significant cash returns to shareholders. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications for existing products sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. The company is allocating resources to support its commercial opportunities in the near term while investing heavily in research to support future innovations and long-term growth. The company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and financial condition. The company's success is dependent on the successful development and marketing of new products, which are subject to substantial risks. The company has been taking steps to increase its sales in emerging markets; however, there is no guarantee that the company's efforts to expand sales in these markets will succeed.