Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. We face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. The competitive pressures may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and/or increased operating costs, such as for research and development, marketing, and sales incentives. Our increasing focus on cloud-based services presents execution and competitive risks. Our strategic vision is to compete and grow by building best-in-class platforms and productivity services for an intelligent cloud and an intelligent edge infused with artificial intelligence. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies. The windows ecosystem must continue to evolve with this changing environment. Our success in the Internet of Things will depend on the level of adoption of our offerings such as Azure, Azure Stack, Azure IoT Edge, and Azure Sphere. We may not establish market share sufficient to achieve scale necessary to achieve our business objectives. Our investments in new technology are speculative, and commercial success depends on many factors, including innovativeness, developer support, and effective distribution and marketing. We may not achieve significant revenue from new product, service, and distribution channel investments for several years, if at all. Our data handling practices across our products and services will continue to be under scrutiny, and perceptions of mismanagement could negatively impact product and feature adoption, product design, and product quality. Cybersecurity threats to IT security can take a variety of forms, and breaches of our facilities, network, or data security could disrupt the security of our systems and business applications. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, and improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities. Our internal IT environment continues to evolve, and we embrace new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers. The development of the IoT presents security, privacy, and execution risks, and IoT products and services may contain defects that make them insecure or ineffective for their intended purposes. Our ability to use data effectively is becoming central to the value of the services we deliver to customers, and our handling of IoT data may not satisfy customers or regulatory requirements. We expect to continue making acquisitions and entering into joint ventures and strategic alliances as part of our long-term business strategy. The success of these transactions will depend in part on our ability to leverage them to enhance our existing products and services or develop compelling new ones. We strive to empower all people and organizations to achieve more, and accessibility of our products is an important aspect of this goal. Our products operate in conjunction with and are dependent on products and components across a broad ecosystem of third parties. If there is a security vulnerability in one of these components, we could face increased costs, liability claims, reduced revenue, or harm to our reputation or competitive position.