We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances, intense competition, changing delivery models, and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings and support services in a timely manner, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our offerings. We have continued to refresh and release new offerings of our cloud products and services. Machine learning and artificial intelligence are increasingly driving innovations in technology, but if they fail to operate as anticipated or our other products do not perform as promised, our business and reputation may be harmed. Our Oracle Cloud strategy, including our Oracle Cloud software-as-a-service and infrastructure-as-a-service offerings, may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. We provide our cloud and other offerings to customers worldwide via deployment models that best suit their needs, including via our cloud-based SaaS and IaaS offerings. As these business models continue to evolve, we may not be able to compete effectively, generate significant revenues, or maintain the profitability of our cloud offerings. Additionally, the increasing prevalence of cloud and SaaS delivery models offered by us and our competitors may unfavorably impact the pricing of our cloud and license offerings. If we do not successfully execute our cloud computing strategy or anticipate the cloud computing needs of our customers, our reputation as a cloud services provider could be harmed, and our revenues and profitability could decline. Our cloud services and license support revenues represented 71% of our total revenues during fiscal 2021. Our cloud and license business' revenue growth is affected by many factors, including the strength of general economic and business conditions, governmental budgetary constraints, and the strategy for and competitive position of our offerings. We believe these factors should contribute to future growth in our cloud and license business' total revenues, which should enable us to continue to make investments in research and development and our cloud operations to develop, improve, increase the capacity of, and expand the geographic footprint of our cloud and license products and services. Our hardware business provides a broad selection of enterprise hardware products and hardware-related software products, and we expect to make investments in research and development to improve existing hardware products and services and to develop new hardware products and services. Our services business helps customers and partners maximize the performance of their investments in Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies. We continue to place significant emphasis on direct sales through our own sales force and also market certain of our offerings through indirect channels. Our cloud services and license support expenses have grown in recent periods and, in fiscal 2022, we expect this growth to accelerate as we increase our existing data center capacity and establish data centers in new geographic locations to meet current and expected customer demand for our cloud services.