Our business and operations have experienced growth in recent periods, and if we do not effectively manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems, processes, and controls, our operating results could be adversely affected. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. The growth and expansion of our business and product, subscription, and support offerings places a significant strain on our management, operational, and financial resources. We must continue to invest in innovation and acquire businesses as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our portfolio, as we believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products is essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to expand the deployment of our portfolio with existing end-customers and create demand for our new offerings, including cloud security, AI, and analytics offerings. Our ability to sell our products and subscriptions is dependent on the quality of our technical support services and those of our channel partners, and the failure to offer high-quality technical support services could have a material adverse effect on our end-customers' satisfaction with our products and subscriptions. We rely on our channel partners to sell substantially all of our products, including subscriptions and support, and if these channel partners fail to perform, our ability to sell and distribute our products and subscriptions will be limited, and our operating results will be harmed. If we do not accurately predict, prepare for, and respond promptly to rapidly evolving technological and market developments and successfully manage product and subscription introductions and transitions to meet changing end-customer needs in the enterprise security industry, our competitive position and prospects will be harmed. Our current research and development efforts may not produce successful products, subscriptions, or features that result in significant revenue, cost savings, or other benefits in the near future, if at all. We may acquire other businesses, which could subject us to adverse claims or liabilities, require significant management attention, disrupt our business, and adversely affect our operating results. Our ability to sell our products and subscriptions is dependent on the quality of our technical support services and those of our channel partners, and the failure to offer high-quality technical support services could have a material adverse effect on our end-customers' satisfaction with our products and subscriptions. We face intense competition in our market and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. Our operating results may vary significantly from period to period and be unpredictable, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. The ongoing global economic uncertainty could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. We expect our revenue to vary from quarter to quarter based on seasonal and cyclical factors. Our growth reflects the increased adoption of our portfolio, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support. We believe our portfolio will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. Our products must interoperate with our end-customers' existing infrastructure, which often have different specifications, utilize multiple protocol standards, deploy products from multiple vendors, and contain multiple generations of products that have been added over time. The occurrence of any such problem in our products and subscriptions, whether real or perceived, could result in expenditure of significant financial and product development resources in efforts to analyze, correct, eliminate, or work-around errors or defects or to address and eliminate vulnerabilities.