We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our operations are highly dependent on the integrity and resilience of our critical business functions and technology systems. Schwab's business involves the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential information about our clients and us. We have designed and implemented an information security program that knits together complementary tools, controls, and technologies to protect systems, client accounts, and data. We continuously monitor the systems and work collaboratively with government agencies, law enforcement, and other financial institutions to address potential threats. Our systems and those of other financial institutions have been and will continue to be the target of cyber attacks, malicious code, computer viruses, ransomware, and denial of service attacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss, or destruction of data. We also face risk related to external fraud involving the misappropriation and use of clients' user names, passwords, or other personal information to gain access to our clients' financial accounts. Technology and operational failures or errors could subject us to losses, litigation, regulatory actions, and reputational damage. We must process, record, and monitor a large number of transactions, and our operations are highly dependent on the integrity of our technology systems and our ability to make timely enhancements and additions to our systems. System interruptions, errors, or downtime can result from a variety of causes, including changes in client use patterns, technological failure, changes to our systems, linkages with third-party systems, and power failures and can have a significant impact on our business and operations. We rely on external service providers to perform certain key technology, cloud infrastructure, processing, servicing, and support functions. These service providers face technology, operating, business, and economic risks, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of our confidential client, employee, or company information, could cause us to incur losses and could harm our reputation. We have established policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, and use control testing programs and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. Our integration work included evaluating new or changed risks impacting the combined company, and taking action through various means. The company has aligned td ameritrade's risk management practices with Schwab's risk appetite. We have established risk metrics and reporting that enable measurement of the impact of strategy execution against risk appetite. The risk metrics, with risk limits and tolerance levels, are established for key risk categories by the global risk committee and its functional risk sub-committees. Our technology infrastructure is critical to the operation of our systems and platforms, and our reliance on cloud technologies is growing. Cloud service disruptions may lead to delays in accessing data that is important to our businesses and may hinder our clients' access to our platforms. We also face risks related to the integration of td ameritrade technologies into Schwab platforms, which could make timely achievement of integration milestones more challenging, particularly with regard to technology and systems. Our ability to develop and launch new and enhanced products, services, and capabilities, as well as enhance our infrastructure, in a timely and successful manner is crucial for maintaining our competitive position.