Our business depends on our information technology ("IT") systems, which collect and process information of customers, associates and other persons, as well as information of our business and of our suppliers, service providers and other third parties. We rely heavily on IT systems, including those operated and maintained by our suppliers, service providers and other third parties, to manage all key aspects of our business, including planning; purchasing; sales, including point-of-sale processing and e-commerce; supply chain management; inventory management; human resources; financial management; communications; information security; and legal and regulatory compliance. This reliance requires us to accurately anticipate our current and future IT needs and successfully develop, implement and maintain appropriate systems, as well as effective disaster recovery plans for such systems. Our ongoing operations and successful growth are dependent on doing so, as well as on the ongoing integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems, including related back-up systems. Our IT systems, as well as those of our suppliers, service providers and other third parties whose information technology systems we utilize directly or indirectly, are targeted by attempts to access or obtain personal or sensitive information, attempts at monetary theft, and attempts to disrupt business. These attempts could include use of malware, ransomware, phishing, social engineering, denial-of-service attacks, exploitation of system vulnerabilities or misconfigurations, employee malfeasance, digital and physical payment card skimmers, account takeovers and other forms of cyber-attacks. Changes in the business landscape and the increase of remote working for our associates, service providers and other third parties have the potential to increase the likelihood of system damage or disruption and increase the risk of a data security compromise. These factors have led to additional mitigation strategies and investments across our IT security workforce, technologies and processes. Our IT systems and those of our suppliers, service providers and other third parties also may be damaged or disrupted, or personal or sensitive information compromised, from a number of other causes, including power outages, system failures, catastrophic events or associate or contractor error. Such damage, disruption or compromise could materially impair our ability to operate our business or otherwise result in material impacts on our operating results. We maintain policies, procedures and controls designed to reduce the risks of data security compromises and IT failures or disruptions, but such controls cannot fully eliminate such risks and may fail to operate as intended or be circumvented. These policies, procedures and controls also require costly and ongoing investment in technologies, hiring, training and compliance. Our substantial size can make it challenging to run our complex operations effectively and to manage suitable internal resources and third-party providers with appropriate oversight to support our business effectively, including for administration, systems (including information technology systems), merchandising, sourcing, store operations, distribution, logistics and compliance. Our ability to allocate, deliver and maintain our preferred mix and level of inventory has been impacted by temporary store closures and global supply chain disruptions, including, for example, by increasing competition for limited shipping capacity and by other operational and market changes related to the global pandemic. Our IT capability has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force, representing the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding and human resources to further organizational goals.