Our ability to compete will depend upon, among other things, continued absolute and relative improvement in network quality and customer service, effective marketing and selling of products and services, innovation, and attractive pricing, all of which will involve significant expenses. We expect that our customers' appetite for data services will place increasing demands on our network capacity. The pandemic has presented additional operational and cybersecurity risks to our IT systems due to work-from-home arrangements at the company and our third-party service and equipment providers. We have recently experienced a criminal cyberattack and could in the future be further harmed by disruption, data loss or other security breaches, whether directly or indirectly through third parties. Our business involves the receipt, storage and transmission of our customers' confidential information, including sensitive personal information and payment card information. Unauthorized access to confidential information is difficult to anticipate, detect or prevent, particularly given that the methods used by third parties to gain unauthorized access constantly change and evolve. We expect to continue to be the target of cyberattacks, data breaches or security incidents, given the nature of our business, and we expect the same with respect to our third-party service and equipment providers. Our procedures and safeguards to prevent unauthorized access to information and to defend against attacks seeking to disrupt our services must be continually evaluated and enhanced to address the ever-evolving threat landscape and changing cybersecurity regulations, which could require the investment of significant resources. We cannot make assurances that all preventive actions taken will adequately repel a significant attack or prevent or substantially mitigate the impacts of security breaches or misuses of data, unauthorized access by third parties or employees or exploits against third-party supplier environments. If we are unable to take advantage of technological developments on a timely basis, we may experience a decline in demand for our services or face challenges in implementing or evolving our business strategy. Significant technological changes continue to impact our industry. In order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to changes in available technology, continually invest in our network, increase network capacity, enhance our existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to address our current and potential customers' changing demands. We rely on highly skilled personnel throughout all levels of our business. Our business could be harmed if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintain our corporate culture. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders is extremely competitive. We believe our future success depends in substantial part on our ability to recruit, hire, motivate, develop, and retain talented personnel for all areas of our organization. The combination of two independent businesses is complex, costly and time-consuming, and may divert significant management attention and resources. This process may disrupt our business or otherwise impact our ability to compete. The overall combination of our and Sprint's businesses may also result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses and impacts, and loss of customers and other business relationships. We expect to incur significant costs, expenses and fees to track, monitor, comply with and fulfill our obligations under these government commitments. We expect these activities to result in a reduction of expenses in cost of services and selling, general and administrative on our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. We are also expected to incur substantial restructuring expenses in connection with integrating and coordinating T-Mobile's and Sprint's businesses, operations, policies and procedures.