The operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity events, breaches, disruptions or other incidents relating to our information technology systems. Breaches, disruptions or other incidents relating to our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, vendors and other third parties could be caused by factors such as computer viruses, system failures, restricted network access, unauthorized access, terrorism, employee malfeasance, or human error. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. Our manufacturing forecasts are based on multiple assumptions, and if inaccurate, could cause us to hold inadequate, excess or obsolete inventory that would reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products in a timely and cost-effective manner. We make significant investments in research and development to improve existing technology and products, develop new products to meet changing customer demands, and improve our production processes. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our own or suppliers' operations as a result of quality excursions; uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets; domestic or international political, social, economic and other conditions; natural events or epidemics in the locations in which our suppliers operate; or limited or delayed access to and high costs of key materials, natural resources, services and utilities. Our ability to successfully implement strategic, business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. From time to time, we undertake strategic, business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our objectives. Our relationships with customers and suppliers may be adversely affected if we are unable to describe our products as conflict-free. Additionally, our costs may increase if one or more of our customers demand that we change the sourcing of materials we cannot identify as conflict-free. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment. Our continued success depends in part on the retention and recruitment of skilled personnel, as well as the effective management of succession for key employees. Skilled and experienced personnel in our industry, including engineering, management, marketing, technical and staff personnel, are in high demand and competition for their talents is intense. We believe that our business model with the combined effect of our four competitive advantages sets us apart from our peers and will for a long time to come. We will invest to strengthen our competitive advantages, be disciplined in capital allocation and stay diligent in our pursuit of efficiencies. Our strategic focus is on analog and embedded processing products sold into six end markets: industrial, automotive, personal electronics, communications equipment, enterprise systems and other. While all end markets represent good opportunities, we place additional strategic emphasis on designing and selling those products into the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best growth opportunities. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. Our cash flow from operations underscores the strength of our business model. We expect our capital expenditures to be higher than historical levels as we continue to invest to strengthen our competitive advantage in manufacturing and technology as part of our long-term capacity planning.