Our business depends on the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our members, customers, and health care professionals and to operate our business. The volume of health care data generated, and the uses of data, including electronic health records, are rapidly expanding. Our ability to implement new and innovative services, price adequately our products and services, provide effective service to our customers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, and report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. Connectivity among technologies is becoming increasingly important, and recent trends toward greater consumer engagement in health care require new and enhanced technologies, including more sophisticated applications for mobile devices. We periodically consolidate, integrate, upgrade, and expand our information systems' capabilities as a result of technology initiatives and recently enacted regulations, changes in our system platforms, and integration of new business acquisitions. Our process of consolidating the number of systems we operate, upgrading and expanding our information systems' capabilities, enhancing our systems, and developing new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology may not be successful. Failure to protect, consolidate, and integrate our systems successfully could result in higher than expected costs and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Our businesses face significant competition in all of the geographic markets in which we operate. Our competitive position may also be adversely affected by significant merger and acquisition activity in the industries in which we operate, both among our competitors and suppliers. Consolidation may make it more difficult for us to retain or increase our customer base, improve the terms on which we do business with our suppliers, or maintain or increase profitability. Our success in the health care marketplace will depend on our ability to develop and deliver innovative and potentially disruptive products and services to satisfy evolving market demands. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services, which are useful and relevant to health care payers, consumers, and our customers, we may not remain competitive, and we risk losing market share to existing competitors and disruptive new market entrants. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying performance-based care provider payment models rewarding high-quality, affordable care and fostering collaboration. We work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients. This trend is creating needs for health management services which can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our optum business platform. Our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions, is critical for our operational efficiency and effectiveness. If we fail to maintain properly the integrity or availability of our data or successfully consolidate, integrate, upgrade, or expand our existing information systems, or if our technology products do not operate as intended, our business could be materially and adversely affected.