We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet and a number of internally-developed systems and applications. For example, we rely on information technology to receive package level information in advance of the physical receipt of packages, to move and track packages through our operations, to efficiently plan deliveries, to execute billing processes, and to track and report financial and operational data. Our franchise locations and subsidiaries also rely on information technology systems to manage their business processes and activities. In addition, our services, and the operation of our networks and systems involve the collection, storage and transmission of significant amounts of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personal information of customers, employees and others. We regularly move data across national borders, and are subject to a variety of evolving laws and regulations in the U.S. and abroad regarding privacy, data protection and data security. Information technology systems (ours, as well as those of our franchisees, acquired businesses, and third-party service providers) are susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to programming errors, defects or other vulnerabilities, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, ransomware attacks, malware attacks, theft, misconduct by employees or other insiders, telecommunications failures, misuse, human errors or other catastrophic events. These events may, from time to time, cause service outages, allow inappropriate or block legitimate access to systems or information, or result in other interruptions in our business. In addition, breaches in security expose us, our customers and franchisees, or the individuals affected, to a risk of loss, disclosure or misuse of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personally identifiable information. We also depend on and interact with the information technology networks and systems of third-parties for many aspects of our business operations, including our customers, franchisees and service providers such as cloud service providers and third-party delivery services. These third parties may have access to information we maintain about our company, operations, customers, employees and vendors, or operating systems that are critical to or can significantly impact our business operations. Security processes, protocols and standards that we implement and contractual provisions requiring security measures that we impose on such third-parties may not be sufficient or effective at preventing such events. A significant data breach or information technology system disruption could materially adversely affect us. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management and disaster recovery plans. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly frequent, complex and sophisticated cyber threats. Despite our best efforts, we are at risk from data breaches and system disruptions. Although to date we are unaware of any material data breach or system disruption, including a cyber-attack, we cannot provide any assurances that such events and impacts will not be material in the future. Our efforts to deter, identify, mitigate and/or eliminate future breaches may require significant additional effort and expense and may not be successful. We expect to continue to face significant competition, which could materially adversely affect us. Our industry is rapidly evolving, including demands for faster deliveries and increased visibility into shipments. Competitors include the U.S. and other international postal services, various motor carriers, express companies, freight forwarders, air couriers, large transportation and e-commerce companies that have made and continue to make significant investments in their own logistics capabilities.