As a global payments technology company, we facilitate global commerce and money movement across a network of consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners, and government entities through innovative technologies. Our advanced transaction processing network, visanet, enables authorization, clearing, and settlement of payment transactions and allows us to offer products and solutions that facilitate secure, reliable, and efficient money movement for all participants in the ecosystem. The global payments industry is undergoing significant and rapid technological change, including mobile and other proximity and in-app payment technologies, ecommerce, tokenization, cryptocurrencies, distributed ledger and blockchain technologies, and new authentication technologies such as biometrics. We expect new services and technologies to continue to emerge and evolve, including those developed by Visa such as our cross-border B2B payment service, Visa B2B Connect. Our ability to anticipate, adapt to, or keep pace with new technologies in the payments industry is critical for our business and future growth. Failure to do so could harm our ability to compete and decrease the value of our products and services. We rely significantly on relationships with our financial institution clients and their relationships with account holders and merchants to support our programs and services, thereby competing effectively in the marketplace. Our relationships with industry participants are complex and require us to balance the interests of multiple third parties. We engage in discussions with merchants, acquirers, ecommerce platforms, and processors to provide incentives to promote routing preference and acceptance growth. As emerging participants such as fintechs enter the payments industry, we engage in discussions to address the role they may play in the ecosystem. The evolving and increased regulatory focus on the payments industry could negatively impact or reduce the number of Visa products our clients issue, the volume of payments we process, our revenues, and our competitive positioning. Increased scrutiny and regulation of the global payments industry could harm our business. Our products compete with cash, checks, electronic funds, virtual currency payments, global or multi-regional networks, other domestic and closed-loop payments systems, and alternative payment providers primarily focused on enabling payments through ecommerce and mobile channels. The competitive landscape is quickly evolving, and we may not be able to foresee or respond sufficiently to emerging risks associated with new businesses, products, services, and practices. Our financial institution clients and merchants can reassess their commitments to us at any time or develop their own competitive services. Our success depends in large part on our ability to maintain the value of our brand and reputation of our products and services in the payments ecosystem, elevate the brand through new and existing products, services, and partnerships, and uphold our corporate reputation. We continually enhance our compliance programs as regulations evolve, but we cannot guarantee that our practices will be deemed compliant by all applicable regulatory authorities. Our cybersecurity and processing systems, as well as those of financial institutions, merchants, and third-party service providers, have experienced and may continue to experience errors, interruptions, delays, or damage from various causes, including cyber-attacks. We devote significant resources to our cybersecurity, acquired entities, and supplier risk management programs and have implemented security measures to protect our systems and data, but there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent these threats.