item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. this report contains forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements regarding growth opportunities, including for revenue and our end markets, strength and drivers of the markets into which we sell, sales funnels, our strategic direction, new product and service introductions and the position of our current products and services, market demand for and adoption of our products, the ability of our products and solutions to address customer needs and meet industry requirements, our focus on differentiating our product solutions, improving our customers' experience and growing our earnings, future financial results, our operating margin, mix, our investments, including in manufacturing infrastructure, research and development and expanding and improving our applications and solutions portfolios, expanding our position in developing countries and emerging markets, our focus on balanced capital allocation, our contributions to our pension and other defined benefit plans, impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, the impact of foreign currency movements, our hedging programs and other actions to offset the effects of tariffs and foreign currency movements, our future effective tax rate, tax valuation allowance and unrecognized tax benefits, the impact of local government regulations on our ability to pay vendors or conduct operations, our ability to satisfy our liquidity requirements, including through cash generated from operations, the potential impact of adopting new accounting pronouncements, indemnification, source and supply of materials used in our products, our sales, our purchase commitments, our capital expenditures, the integration and effects of our acquisitions and other transactions, our stock repurchase program and dividends and the potential or anticipated direct or indirect impact of covid-19 on our business that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to various factors, including those discussed in part i item 1a and elsewhere in this form 10-k.
overview and executive summary agilent technologies inc. ("we", "agilent" or the "company"), incorporated in delaware in may 1999, is a global leader in life sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical markets, providing application focused solutions that include instruments, software, services and consumables for the entire laboratory workflow.
covid-19 pandemic both our domestic and international operations have been and continue to be affected by the ongoing global pandemic of a novel strain of coronavirus ("covid-19") and the resulting volatility and uncertainty it has caused in the u.s. and international markets. during the year ended october 31, 2021, many businesses and countries, including the u.s., continued applying preventative and precautionary measures to mitigate the spread of the virus including government orders and other restrictions on the conduct of business operations.
the health and safety of our employees is a top priority for us. in response to the covid-19 pandemic, we took proactive actions to protect the health and safety of our employees, customers, partners and suppliers. we enacted safety measures, including social distancing protocols, encouraging employees to work from home when possible, suspending non-essential work travel, implementing various access controls at our facilities, frequently disinfecting our workspaces and providing appropriate personal protective equipment to employees who are physically present at our facilities. as covid-19 conditions improved, we began implementing a phased reopening process, required our u.s. employees to be fully vaccinated pursuant to federal, state and local guidelines and continued to prioritize health and safety. we expect to continue to implement appropriate safety measures until the covid-19 pandemic is contained. we may take further actions as government authorities require or recommend or as we determine to be in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners and suppliers. currently, most of our employees are still working from home. when we determine it is safe for our employees to return to the office, we will be moving towards a hybrid work model, giving our employees the flexibility to work offsite or at our onsite locations.
the covid-19 pandemic continues to be dynamic, and near-term challenges across the economy remain. the ongoing effects of covid-19 remain difficult to predict due to numerous uncertainties, including the severity, duration and resurgence of the outbreak, new variants, the effectiveness of health and safety measures including vaccines, managing the different pace of return-to-office in different locations, the pace and strength of the economic recovery, and supply chain pressures, among others. we will continue to actively monitor the effects of the pandemic and will continue to take appropriate steps to mitigate the impacts to our employees and on our business results.
despite the economic challenges due to the covid-19 pandemic, we ended our fiscal year 2021 with revenue growth of 18 percent year over year. this revenue growth was primarily non-covid related revenue and came from all of our segments, key end markets and geographies. revenue growth was also partly due to weakened sales in the prior year as the response to the early stages of the pandemic caused many of our customers to close or reduce operating capacity. in fiscal year 2021, our overall business performance was strong which also resulted in significant expense increases from our variable pay and long-term performance plan-earnings per share ("ltpp-eps") programs, along with sales commission increases year over year, which was partially offset by the continued cost savings actions which included reduction in travel and non-essential spending that we implemented last year.
acquisition on april 15, 2021 we completed the acquisition of privately-owned resolution bioscience, inc., a biotechnology company focused on the development and commercialization of next-generation sequencing-based ("ngs") precision oncology solutions, for $561 million cash plus potential future contingent payments of up to $145 million upon the achievement of certain milestones which are based on certain revenue and technical targets. resolution bioscience complements and expands our capabilities in ngs-based cancer diagnostics within our diagnostics and genomics segment and provides us with innovative technology to further serve the needs of the fast-growing precision medicine market. the fair value of the contingent consideration as of october 31, 2021 was $89 million which included a decrease of $21 million from the estimated fair value as of the end of our third quarter.
2022 senior notes on january 21, 2021, we redeemed $100 million of the $400 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 2022 senior notes due october 1, 2022. on april 5, 2021, we redeemed the remaining outstanding $300 million of our 2022 senior notes. the total redemption price of approximately $417 million was computed in accordance with the terms of the 2022 senior notes as the present value of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and unpaid interest on the notes being redeemed. during the year ended october 31, 2021, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $17 million in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statement of operations. in addition, $1 million of accrued interest, up to but not including the applicable redemption date, was paid. the make-whole premium less partial amortization of previously deferred interest rate swap gain together with the amortization of debt issuance costs and discount was recorded in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statement of operations.
2031 senior notes on march 12, 2021, we issued an aggregate principal amount of $850 million in senior notes ("2031 senior notes"). the 2031 senior notes were issued at 99.822% of their principal amount. the 2031 senior notes will mature on march 12, 2031, and bear interest at a fixed rate of 2.30% per annum. the interest is payable semi-annually on march 12th and september 12th of each year and payments commenced on september 12, 2021.
actual results agilent's net revenue of $6,319 million in 2021 increased 18 percent when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements for 2021 had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 2 percentage points when compared to 2020. net revenue increased in all business segments, geographic regions and key end markets. the favorable impact of covid-related revenue and revenue from our recent acquisition for the year ended october 31, 2021 was not material. revenue in the life sciences and applied markets business increased 18 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 2 percentage points in 2021 when compared to 2020. revenue in the diagnostics and genomics business increased 24 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 3 percentage points in 2021 when compared to 2020. revenue in the agilent crosslab business increased 16 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 4 percentage points in 2021 when compared to 2020.
agilent's net revenue of $5,339 million increased 3 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. foreign currency movements for 2020 had an overall unfavorable impact on revenue growth of 1 percentage point when compared to 2019. in 2020, acquisitions from 2019 had an overall favorable impact of 3 percentage points when compared to 2019. revenue in the life sciences and applied markets business increased 4 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. in 2020 acquisitions from 2019 had an overall favorable impact of 7 percentage points when compared to 2019. foreign currency movements had no overall impact on revenue growth in 2020 when compared to 2019. revenue in the diagnostics and genomics business increased 2 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. foreign currency movements had an overall unfavorable impact on revenue growth of 1 percentage point in 2020 when compared to 2019. revenue in the agilent crosslab business increased 3 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. foreign currency movements had an overall unfavorable impact on revenue growth of 1 percentage point in 2020 when compared to 2019.
net income was $1,210 million in 2021 compared to net income of $719 million and $1,071 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively. net income in 2021 was impacted by higher sales volume and net gains on fair value of equity securities partially offset by significant expense increases from our variable pay, share-based compensation expense and sales commissions. net income for the year ended october 31, 2020 was impacted by revenue declines in certain of our businesses associated with the covid-19 pandemic and increased costs and expenses which included an impairment charge of $98 million related to the closure of our sequencer development program. net income for the year ended october 31, 2019 was impacted by a discrete tax benefit of $299 million related to the extension of the company's tax incentives in singapore. as of october 31, 2021 and 2020, we had cash and cash equivalents balances of $1,484 million and $1,441 million, respectively.
on november 19, 2018 we announced that our board of directors had approved a new share repurchase program (the "2019 repurchase program") designed, among other things, to reduce or eliminate dilution resulting from issuance of stock under the company's employee equity incentive programs. the 2019 share repurchase program authorizes the purchase of up to $1.75 billion of our common stock at the company's discretion and has no fixed termination date. the 2019 repurchase program does not require the company to acquire a specific number of shares and may be suspended, amended or discontinued at any time. during the year ended october 31, 2019, we repurchased and retired 10.4 million shares for $723 million under this authorization. during the year ended october 31, 2020, we repurchased and retired 5.2 million shares for $469 million under this authorization. during the year ended october 31, 2021, we repurchased and retired approximately 3.1 million shares for $365 million under this authorization. effective february 18, 2021, the 2019 repurchase program was terminated and replaced by the new share repurchase program. the remaining authorization under the 2019 repurchase plan of $193 million expired on february 18, 2021.
on february 16, 2021 we announced that our board of directors had approved a new share repurchase program (the "2021 repurchase program") designed, among other things, to reduce or eliminate dilution resulting from issuance of stock under the company's employee equity incentive programs. the 2021 repurchase program authorizes the purchase of up to $2.0 billion of our common stock at the company's discretion and has no fixed termination date. the 2021 repurchase program which became effective on february 18, 2021, replaced and terminated the 2019 repurchase program on that date. the 2021 repurchase program does not require the company to acquire a specific number of shares and may be suspended, amended or discontinued at any time. during the year ended october 31, 2021, we repurchased and retired 3.0 million shares for $423 million under this authorization. as of october 31, 2021, we had remaining authorization to repurchase up to approximately $1.577 billion of our common stock under the 2021 repurchase program.
during the year ended october 31, 2021, cash dividends of 0.776 per share, or $236 million were declared and paid on the company's outstanding common stock. during the year ended october 31, 2020, cash dividends of 0.720 per share, or $222 million were declared and paid on the company's outstanding common stock. during the year ended october 31, 2019, cash dividends of 0.656 per share, or $206 million were declared and paid on the company's outstanding common stock.
on november 17, 2021 we declared a quarterly dividend of $0.210 per share of common stock, or approximately $63 million which will be paid on january 26, 2022 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on january 4, 2022. the timing and amounts of any future dividends are subject to determination and approval by our board of directors.
looking forward, as we continue to navigate the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, our top priority continues to be the health and safety of our employees, customers and community, as well as supporting our customers' operations. we expect to face additional logistical pressures, such as longer lead times and limited sources of supply in the near term that we will continue to mitigate through various sourcing strategies. we also remain focused on improving our customers' experience, differentiating product solutions and productivity. we continue supporting our customers' needs related to the development of new therapies and vaccines. with our strong results in fiscal year 2021 and the continued recovery in our end markets, we remain optimistic about our long-term growth opportunities in all of our end markets.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. management bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions believed to be reasonable. although these estimates are based on management's best knowledge of current events and actions that may impact the company in the future, actual results may be different from the estimates. an accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur could materially change the financial statements. our critical accounting policies are those that affect our financial statements materially and involve difficult, subjective or complex judgments by management. those policies are revenue recognition, inventory valuation, retirement and post-retirement plan assumptions, valuation of goodwill and purchased intangible assets and accounting for income taxes.
revenue recognition.  on november 1, 2018, we adopted accounting standard codification topic 606, revenue from contracts with customers ("asc 606").
we enter into contracts to sell products, services or combinations of products and services. products may include hardware or software and services may include one-time service events or services performed over time.
we derive revenue primarily from the sale of analytical and diagnostics products and services. a performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct product or service to a customer and is the unit of account under asc 606. revenue is recognized when control of the promised products or services is transferred to our customers and the performance obligation is fulfilled in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to be entitled in exchange for those products or services, the transaction price. for equipment, consumables, and most software licenses, control transfers to the customer at a point in time. we use present right to payment, legal title, physical possession of the asset, and risks and rewards of ownership as indicators to determine the transfer of control to the customer. where acceptance is not a formality, the customer must have documented their acceptance of the product or service. for products that include installation, if the installation meets the criteria to be considered a separate performance obligation, product revenue is recognized when control has passed to the customer, and recognition of installation revenue occurs once completed. product revenue, including sales to resellers and distributors is reduced for provisions for warranties, returns, and other adjustments in the period the related sales are recorded.
service revenue includes extended warranty, customer and software support including: software as a service, post contract support, consulting including companion diagnostics, and training and education. instrument service contracts and software maintenance contracts are typically annual contracts, which are billed at the beginning of the contract or maintenance period. revenue for these contracts is recognized on a straight-line basis to revenue over the service period, as a time-based measure of progress best reflects our performance in satisfying this obligation. there are no deferred costs associated with the service contract, as the cost of the service is recorded when the service is performed. service calls not included in a support contract are recognized to revenue at the time a service is performed.
we have sales from standalone software. these arrangements typically include software licenses and maintenance contracts, both of which we have determined are distinct performance obligations. we determine the amount of the transaction price to allocate to the license and maintenance contract based on the relative standalone selling price of each performance obligation. software license revenue is recognized at the point in time when control has been transferred to the customer. the revenue allocated to the software maintenance contract is recognized on a straight-line basis over the maintenance period, which is the contractual term of the contract, as a time-based measure of progress best reflects our performance in satisfying this obligation. unspecified rights to software upgrades are typically sold as part of the maintenance contract on a when-and-if-available basis.
our multiple-element arrangements are generally comprised of a combination of instruments, installation or other start-up services, and/or software, and/or support or services. hardware and software elements are typically delivered at the same time and revenue is recognized when control passes to the customer. service revenue is deferred and recognized over the contractual period or as services are rendered and accepted by the customer. our arrangements generally do not include any provisions for cancellation, termination, or refunds that would significantly impact recognized revenue.
for contracts with multiple performance obligations, we allocate the consideration to which we expect to be entitled to each performance obligation based on relative standalone selling prices and recognize the related revenue when or as control of each individual performance obligation is transferred to customers. we estimate the standalone selling price by calculating the average historical selling price of our products and services per country for each performance obligation. stand-alone selling prices are determined for each distinct good or service in the contract and then we allocate the transaction price in proportion to those standalone selling prices by performance obligations.
a portion of our revenue relates to lease arrangements. standalone lease arrangements are outside the scope of asc 606 and are therefore accounted for in accordance with asc 842, leases ("asc 842") beginning in 2020 and asc 840, leases ("asc 840") for prior periods. each of these contracts is evaluated as a lease arrangement, either as an operating lease or a sales-type finance lease using the current lease classification guidance. in a lease arrangement that is a multiple-element arrangement that contains equipment leases and the supply of consumables, the revenue associated with the instrument rental is treated under the lease accounting standard asc 842, whereas the revenue associated with the consumables, the non-lease component, is recognized in accordance with the asc 606 revenue standard.
inventory valuation.  we assess the valuation of our inventory on a periodic basis and make adjustments to the value for estimated excess and obsolete inventory based upon estimates about future demand and actual usage. such estimates are difficult to make under most economic conditions. the excess balance determined by this analysis becomes the basis for our excess inventory charge. our excess inventory review process includes analysis of sales forecasts, managing product rollovers and working with manufacturing to maximize recovery of excess inventory. if actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional write-downs may be required. if actual market conditions are more favorable than anticipated, inventory previously written down may be sold to customers, resulting in lower cost of sales and higher income from operations than expected in that period.
retirement and post-retirement benefit plan assumptions. retirement and post-retirement benefit plan costs are a significant cost of doing business. they represent obligations that will ultimately be settled sometime in the future and therefore are subject to estimation. pension accounting is intended to reflect the recognition of future benefit costs over the employees' average expected future service to agilent based on the terms of the plans and investment and funding decisions. to estimate the impact of these future payments and our decisions concerning funding of these obligations, we are required to make assumptions using actuarial concepts within the framework of accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. two critical assumptions are the discount rate and the expected long-term return on plan assets. other important assumptions include expected future salary increases, expected future increases to benefit payments, expected retirement dates, employee turnover, retiree mortality rates, and portfolio composition. we evaluate these assumptions at least annually.
the discount rate is used to determine the present value of future benefit payments at the measurement date - october 31 for both u.s. and non-u.s. plans. for 2021 and 2020, the u.s. discount rates were based on the results of matching expected plan benefit payments with cash flows from a hypothetically constructed bond portfolio. in 2021, discount rates for the u.s. retiree medical plans increased marginally compared to the previous year due to the increase in the corporate bond rates. for 2021 and 2020, the discount rates for non-u.s. plans were generally based on published rates for high quality corporate bonds and in 2021, increased marginally compared to the previous year. if we changed our discount rate by 1 percent, the impact would be less than $1 million in u.s. pension expense and $18 million on non-u.s. pension expense. lower discount rates increase present values of the pension benefit obligation and subsequent year pension expense; higher discount rates decrease present values of the pension benefit obligation and subsequent year pension expense.
the company uses alternate methods of amortization as allowed by the authoritative guidance which amortizes the actuarial gains and losses on a consistent basis for the years presented. for u.s. plans, gains and losses are amortized over the average future lifetime of participants using the corridor method. for most non-u.s. plans and u.s. post-retirement benefit plans, gains and losses are amortized using a separate layer for each year's gains and losses.
in the u.s., target asset allocations for our retirement and post-retirement benefit plans were approximately 80 percent to equities and approximately 20 percent to fixed income investments as of october 31, 2020 and were changed to approximately 50 percent to equities and approximately 50 percent to fixed income investments as of october 31, 2021. our deferred profit-sharing plan target asset allocation is approximately 60 percent to equities and approximately 40 percent to fixed income investments. approximately 1 percent of the retirement and post-retirement plans consists of limited partnerships. outside the u.s., our target asset allocation ranges from 15 percent to 60 percent to equities, from 38 percent to 85 percent to fixed income investments, and from zero to 25 percent to real estate, depending on the plan. all plans' assets are broadly diversified. due to fluctuations in equity markets, our actual allocations of plan assets at october 31, 2021 and 2020 differ from the target allocation. our policy is to bring the actual allocation in line with the target allocation.
equity securities include exchange-traded common stock and preferred stock of companies from broadly diversified industries. fixed income securities include a global portfolio of corporate bonds of companies from diversified industries, government securities, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, derivative instruments and other. other investments include a group trust consisting primarily of private equity partnerships.
the expected long-term return on plan assets is estimated using current and expected asset allocations as well as historical and expected returns. plan assets are valued at fair value. if we changed our estimated return on assets by 1 percent, the impact would be $5 million on u.s. pension expense and $10 milion on non-u.s. pension expense. the net periodic pension and post-retirement benefit costs recorded were a $24 million expense in 2021, $22 million expense in 2020 and $10 million expense in 2019. the years ended october 31, 2021 and 2020 included a loss on settlement of $1 million and $4 million, respectively.
goodwill and purchased intangible assets. we assess our goodwill and purchased intangible assets for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. under the authoritative guidance, we have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether further impairment testing is necessary. the accounting standard gives an entity the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether performing the quantitative test is necessary. if an entity believes, as a result of its qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not (i.e., greater than 50% chance) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test will be required. otherwise, no further testing will be required.
the guidance includes examples of events and circumstances that might indicate that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount. these include macro-economic conditions such as deterioration in the entity's operating environment or industry or market considerations; entity-specific events such as increasing costs, declining financial performance, or loss of key personnel; or other events such as an expectation that a reporting unit will be sold or a sustained decrease in the stock price on either an absolute basis or relative to peers.
if it is determined, as a result of the qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then we are required to perform a quantitative impairment test on goodwill to identify and measure the amount of a goodwill impairment loss to be recognized. a goodwill impairment loss, if any, is measured as the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying value, including goodwill, exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. as defined in the authoritative guidance, a reporting unit is an operating segment, or one level below an operating segment. we aggregate components of an operating segment that have similar economic characteristics into our reporting units.
in fiscal year 2021, we assessed goodwill impairment for our three reporting units which consisted of our three segments: life sciences and applied markets, diagnostics and genomics and agilent crosslab. we performed a qualitative test for goodwill impairment of the three reporting units, as of september 30, 2021, our annual impairment test date. based on the results of our qualitative testing, we believe that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of each reporting unit is greater than its respective carrying value. each quarter we review the events and circumstances to determine if goodwill impairment is indicated. there was no impairment of goodwill during the years ended october 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019.
purchased intangible assets consist primarily of acquired developed technologies, proprietary know-how, trademarks, and customer relationships and are amortized using the best estimate of the asset's useful life that reflect the pattern in which the economic benefits are consumed or used up or a straight-line method ranging from 6 months to 15 years. our determination of the fair value of the intangible assets acquired involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. specifically, our determination of the fair value of the developed product technology and in-process research and development ("ipr&d") acquired involves significant estimates and assumptions related to revenue growth rates and discount rates. our determination of the fair value of customer relationships acquired involves significant estimates and assumptions related to revenue growth rates, discount rates, and customer attrition rates. our determination of the fair value of the tradename acquired involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions related to revenue growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates. the company believes that the fair value assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on reasonable assumptions and estimates that marketplace participants would use. actual results could differ materially from these estimates. ipr&d is initially capitalized at fair value as an intangible asset with an indefinite life and assessed for impairment thereafter. when the ipr&d project is complete, it is reclassified as an amortizable purchased intangible asset and is amortized over its estimated useful life. if an ipr&d project is abandoned, we will record a charge for the value of the related intangible asset to our consolidated statement of operations in the period it is abandoned.
we continually monitor events and changes in circumstances that could indicate carrying amounts of finite-lived intangible assets may not be recoverable. when such events or changes in circumstances occur, we assess the recoverability of finite-lived intangible assets by determining whether the carrying value of such assets will be recovered through undiscounted expected future cash flows. if the total of the undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of those assets, we recognize an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the assets.
our indefinite-lived intangible assets are ipr&d intangible assets. the accounting guidance allows a qualitative approach for testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, similar to the issued impairment testing guidance for goodwill and allows the option to first assess qualitative factors (events and circumstances) that could have affected the significant inputs used in determining the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not (i.e., greater than 50% chance) that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. an organization may choose to bypass the qualitative assessment for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to calculating its fair value. we performed a qualitative test for impairment of indefinite-lived intangible assets as of september 30, 2021. based on the results of our qualitative testing, we believe that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of these indefinite-lived intangible assets is greater than their respective carrying values. each quarter we review the events and circumstances to determine if impairment of indefinite-lived intangible assets is indicated. during the year ended october 31, 2020, we recorded an impairment of in-process research and development of $90 million related to the shutdown of our sequencer development program in our diagnostics and genomics segment. during the year ended october 31, 2021 and 2019 there were no impairments of indefinite-lived intangible assets.
accounting for income taxes. we must make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for financial statement purposes. these estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of tax credits, benefits and deductions, and in the calculation of certain tax assets and liabilities which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes, as well as interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. significant changes to these estimates may result in an increase or decrease to our tax provision in a subsequent period. on a quarterly basis, we provide for income taxes based upon an estimated annual effective tax rate. the effective tax rate is highly dependent upon the geographic composition of worldwide earnings, tax regulations governing each region, availability of tax credits and the effectiveness of our tax planning strategies. we monitor the changes in many factors and adjust our effective income tax rate on a timely basis. if actual results differ from these estimates, this could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
significant management judgment is also required in determining whether deferred tax assets will be realized in full or in part. when it is more-likely-than-not that all or some portion of deferred tax assets may not be realized, a valuation allowance must be established against such deferred tax assets. we consider all available positive and negative evidence on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis when assessing whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are recoverable. we consider evidence such as our past operating results, the existence of losses in recent years and our forecast of future taxable income.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax law and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. although the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes prescribes the use of a recognition and measurement model, the determination of whether an uncertain tax position has met those thresholds will continue to require significant judgment by management. in accordance with the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, for all u.s. and other tax jurisdictions, we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest will be due. the ultimate resolution of tax uncertainties may differ from what is currently estimated, which could result in a material impact on income tax expense. if our estimate of income tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would be required. if events occur and the payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. we include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes on the consolidated statements of operations.
adoption of new pronouncements see note 2, "new accounting pronouncements," to the consolidated financial statements for a description of new accounting pronouncements.
foreign currency our revenues, costs and expenses, and monetary assets and liabilities are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates as a result of our global operating and financing activities. foreign currency movements for the year ended october 31, 2021 had an overall favorable impact on revenue of 2 percentage points when compared to the same period last year. foreign currency movements for the year ended october 31, 2020, had an overall unfavorable impact on revenue of 1 percentage point when compared to 2019. when movements in foreign currency exchange rates have a positive impact on revenue, they will also have a negative impact by increasing our costs and expenses. we calculate the impact of movements in foreign currency exchange rates by applying the actual foreign currency exchange rates in effect during the last month of each quarter of the current year to both the applicable current and prior year periods. we hedge revenues, expenses and balance sheet exposures that are not denominated in the functional currencies of our subsidiaries on a short term and anticipated basis. we do experience some fluctuations within individual lines of the consolidated statement of operations and balance sheet because our hedging program is not designed to offset the currency movements in each category of revenues, expenses, monetary assets and liabilities. our hedging program is designed to hedge currency movements on a relatively short-term basis (up to a rolling thirteen-month period). we may also hedge equity balances denominated in foreign currency on a long-term basis. to the extent that we are required to pay for all, or portions, of an acquisition price in foreign currencies, we may enter into foreign exchange contracts to reduce the risk that currency movements will impact the u.s. dollar cost of the transaction.
results from operations net revenue years ended october 31,       2021 over 2020         2020 over 2019 change change
services and other            $1,563                      $1,346                      $1,286                      16%                            5%
years ended october 31,   2021 over 2020       2020 over 2019 change change
% of total net revenue:
services and other               25   %                  25   %                  25   %   -                    -
agilent's net revenue of $6,319 million for the year ended october 31, 2021 increased 18 percent when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 2 percentage points in 2021 when compared to 2020. the favorable impact of covid-related revenue and revenue from our recent acquisition for the year ended october 31, 2021 was not material. net revenue increased in all business segments, geographic regions and key end markets led by strong growth from the pharmaceutical, chemical and energy and diagnostics and clinical markets when compared to 2020. agilent's net revenue of $5,339 million increased 3 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. foreign currency movements had an overall unfavorable impact on revenue growth of 1 percentage point in 2020 when compared to 2019.
product revenue includes revenue generated from the sales of our analytical instrumentation, software and consumables. revenue from products increased 19 percent for the year ended october 31, 2021, when compared to 2020. the growth in product revenue was driven by increased sales within our liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry businesses with continued strong growth in our nucleic acid solutions and cell analysis businesses.
revenue from products increased 3 percent for the year ended october 31, 2020, when compared to 2019. revenue in 2020 was impacted by the global covid-19 pandemic within most of our product lines as customers curtailed equipment spending at various times when countries around the world were in the lockdown phase of the covid-19 pandemic. growth was due to our cell analysis business, automation products and our nucleic acid solutions business. the increase in the cell analysis business was primarily due to the contributions from our acquisitions and the increased demand for our products for use in covid-19 testing and vaccine research.
services and other revenue consist of revenue generated from our three business segments: agilent crosslab, diagnostics and genomics and our life science and applied markets businesses. some of the prominent services in the agilent crosslab business include repair and maintenance on multi-vendor instruments, compliance services and installation services. services in the diagnostics and genomics business include consulting services related to the companion diagnostics and nucleic acid businesses. services in the life science and applied markets business include repair and maintenance and installation services.
services and other revenue increased 16 percent in 2021 as compared to 2020. service revenue from the agilent crosslab business increased 16 percent, with a 3 percentage point favorable currency impact, for the year ended october 31, 2021 when compared to the same period last year. this strength in the agilent crosslab service business was evident across all service regions and from contract services, on-demand repairs and nearly all other service types. services sold with instrument sales grew more than twice as fast as the growth in after-market service revenue during that same period. for the year ended october 31, 2021, service revenue within our diagnostics and genomics business increased 22 percent when compared to 2020, primarily due to increases from our companion diagnostics and pathology businesses. for the year ended october 31, 2021, service revenue within our life sciences and applied markets business increased 16 percent when compared to 2020, primarily due to increases from our cell analysis business.
services and other revenue increased 5 percent in 2020 as compared to 2019. for the year ended october 31, 2020, the service revenue from the agilent crosslab business increased 4 percent when compared to 2019, with a 1 percentage point unfavorable currency impact. this growth for the year ended october 31, 2020 is reflective of the resilience of the contracted service business throughout the year, as well as the recovery of the on-demand and installation service businesses in the latter half of 2020, as customer sites gradually reopened following their covid-19 related closures earlier in the year. those site re-openings were fastest in china. for the year ended october 31, 2020, the service revenue from the diagnostics and genomics business remained flat when compared to 2019. for the year ended october 31, 2020, the service revenue from the life sciences and applied markets business increased 28 percent when compared to 2019. the increase in life sciences and applied markets service revenue was due to the additional service revenue within the cell analysis business due to the lionheart technologies llc ("biotek") acquisition.
net revenue by segment years ended october 31,       2021 over 2020         2020 over 2019 change change
life sciences and applied markets            $2,823                      $2,392                      $2,302                      18%                            4%
revenue in the life sciences and applied markets business increased 18 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 2 percentage points in 2021 when compared to 2020. for the year ended october 31, 2021, we saw revenue growth across all key end markets when compared to the same period last year. revenue growth was led by strong demand for our products within the pharmaceutical and the chemical and energy markets when compared to the same periods last year. revenue in the life sciences and applied markets business increased 4 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. foreign currency movements had no overall impact on revenue growth in 2020 when compared to 2019. revenue growth within the life sciences and applied markets was driven by strong growth in the academia and government, the pharmaceutical and the diagnostics and clinical markets with moderate growth from the food market partially offset by declines in revenue within the environmental and forensics and chemical and energy markets.
revenue in the diagnostics and genomics business increased 24 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 3 percentage points in 2021 when compared to
2020. for the year ended october 31, 2021, we saw revenue growth across all key end markets when compared to the same period last year. revenue growth was strong within the pharmaceutical market led by performance from our nucleic acid solutions and biomolecular analysis businesses. revenue growth was strong within the diagnostics and clinical markets led by performance from our pathology, companion diagnostics and genomics businesses. revenue in the diagnostics and genomics business increased 2 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. foreign currency movements had an overall unfavorable impact on revenue growth of 1 percentage point in 2020 when compared to 2019. revenue growth within the diagnostics and genomics business was driven by strong growth in our nucleic acid solutions and biomolecular analysis businesses partially offset by declines in our genomics business.
revenue in the agilent crosslab business increased 16 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 4 percentage points in 2021 when compared to 2020. for the year ended october 31, 2021, we saw revenue growth across all key end markets led by strong growth from the pharmaceutical and chemical and energy and food markets when compared to the same period last year. revenue generated by agilent crosslab increased 3 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. foreign currency movements had an overall unfavorable impact on revenue growth of 1 percentage point in 2020 when compared to 2019. revenue growth within agilent crosslab business was strong within the pharmaceutical and food markets which was partially offset by declines in the academia and government and clinical and diagnostics markets.
costs and expenses years ended october 31,       2021 over 2020         2020 over 2019 change change
gross margin on services and other             46.7   %                    47.5   %                    47.3   %             (1) ppt.                             -
research and development                       $441                        $495                        $404                    (11)%                           22%
operating margin                               21.3   %                    15.8   %                    18.2   %              6 ppts.                     (2) ppts.
total gross margin for the year ended october 31, 2021 increased 1 percentage point when compared to 2020. total gross margin increased due to higher sales volume and favorable product mix which was partially offset by higher wages and variable pay, higher shipping and logistics costs, higher intangible amortization expense and higher share-based compensation expense. total gross margin for the year ended october 31, 2020 decreased 1 percentage point when compared to 2019. gross margin declined due to the impacts of pricing pressure, higher intangible amortization expense, higher wages, net unfavorable currency impact and higher fixed costs related to the new manufacturing facility in frederick, colorado, partially offset by lower period and travel costs.
gross inventory charges were $29 million in 2021, $28 million in 2020 and $19 million in 2019. sales of previously written down inventory were $8 million in 2021, $7 million in 2020 and $6 million in 2019.
research and development expenses for the year ended october 31, 2021 decreased 11 percent when compared to 2020. excluding the intangible and other assets impairments recorded in 2020, research and development expenses for the year ended october 31, 2021 increased 11 percent due to increased wages and variable pay, higher program investments in our life sciences and applied markets and diagnostics and genomics businesses, additional expenses related to our recent acquisition, and higher share-based compensation expense. research and development expenses for the year ended october 31, 2020 increased 22 percent when compared to 2019. research and development expenses increased primarily due to intangible and other asset impairments of $97 million related to the shutdown of our sequencer development program. the increase was also due to higher wages and additional expenses related to our acquisition of biotek partially offset by lower discretionary expenditures including lower travel costs and favorable currency impact.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 8 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. the increase was due to higher wages and variable pay, higher commissions and higher share-based compensation expense partially offset by a decrease related to the change in the fair value of contingent consideration for our recent acquisition, lower legal costs and lower transformational initiatives expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses increased 2 percent in 2020 compared to 2019. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was due to higher wages, higher intangible amortization expense and higher transformational initiative expenses, which was partially offset by lower discretionary expenditures including lower travel costs and favorable currency impact.
total operating margin for the year ended october 31, 2021 increased 6 percentage points when compared to 2020. operating margin increased due to higher sales volume and increased gross margin partially offset by increases in wages and variable pay, commissions, share-based compensation expense and amortization of intangible assets. total operating margin for the year ended october 31, 2020, decreased 2 percentage points when compared to 2019. operating margin declined due to intangible and other asset impairments, higher wages, higher intangible amortization expense and higher transformational initiative expenses partially offset by lower discretionary expenditures including lower travel costs and favorable currency impact.
interest expense for the years ended october 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was $81 million, $78 million and $74 million, respectively, and relates to the interest charged on our senior notes, credit facilities, commercial paper and the amortization of the deferred loss recorded upon termination of the forward starting interest rate swap contracts partially offset by the amortization of deferred gains recorded upon termination of interest rate swap contracts.
other income (expense), net for the year ended october 31, 2021, other income (expense), net includes income of $7 million related to the provision of site service costs to, and lease income from, keysight technologies, inc. ("keysight"). the costs associated with these services are reported within income from operations. other income (expense), net includes a $17 million loss on extinguishment of debt and net gains on the fair value of equity securities of approximately $98 million.
for the year ended october 31, 2020, other income (expense), net includes income of $12 million related to the provision of site service costs to, and lease income from, keysight. the costs associated with these services are reported within income from operations. other income (expense), net also includes net gains on the fair value of equity securities of approximately $27 million and income of $22 million related to the settlement of our legal claim against twist bioscience corporation.
for the year ended october 31, 2019, other income (expense), net includes income of $12 million related to the provision of site service costs to, and lease income from, keysight and $9 million loss on the extinguishment of debt.
provision (benefit) for income taxes         $150                      $123                      $(152)
for 2021, our income tax expense was $150 million with an effective tax rate of 11 percent. for the year ended october 31, 2021, our effective tax rate and the resulting provision for income taxes were impacted by the discrete benefit of $93 million related to the release of tax reserves in various jurisdictions due to audit settlements and the expiration of statutes of limitations. the income taxes for the year ended october 31, 2021 also include the excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation of $29 million.
for 2020, our income tax expense was $123 million with an effective tax rate of 14.6 percent. for the year ended october 31, 2020, our effective tax rate and the resulting provision for income taxes were impacted by foreign income taxed at lower rates.
for 2019, our income tax benefit was $152 million with an effective tax rate of (16.5) percent. for the year ended october 31, 2019, our effective tax rate and the resulting provision for income taxes were significantly impacted by the discrete benefit of $299 million related to the extension of the company's tax incentive in singapore.
we have negotiated a tax holiday in singapore. the tax holiday provides a lower rate of taxation on certain classes of income and requires various thresholds of investments and employment or specific types of income. in december 2018, the tax holiday in singapore was renegotiated and extended through 2027. as a result of the incentive, the impact of the tax holiday decreased income taxes by $35 million, $71 million, and $368 million in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. the benefit of the tax holiday on net income per share (diluted) was approximately $0.11, $0.23, and $1.16 in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. of the $1.16 benefit of the tax incentives on net income per share (diluted) in 2019, $0.94 of the benefit relates to one-time items from the extension of the company's tax incentive in singapore.
with these jurisdictions and the u.s., it is reasonably possible that there could be significant changes to our unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months due to either the expiration of a statute of limitation or a tax audit settlement which will be partially offset by an anticipated tax liability related to unremitted foreign earnings, where applicable. given the number of years and numerous matters that remain subject to examination in various tax jurisdictions, management is unable to estimate the range of possible changes to the balance of our unrecognized tax benefits.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax law and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. although the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes prescribes the use of a recognition and measurement model, the determination of whether an uncertain tax position has met those thresholds will continue to require significant judgment by management. in accordance with the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, for all u.s. and other tax jurisdictions, we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest will be due. the ultimate resolution of tax uncertainties may differ from what is currently estimated, which could result in a material impact on income tax expense. if our estimate of income tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would be required. if events occur and the payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary.
segment overview through october 31, 2021, we have three business segments comprised of the life sciences and applied markets business, diagnostics and genomics business and the agilent crosslab business.
life sciences and applied markets our life sciences and applied markets business provides application-focused solutions that include instruments and software that enable customers to identify, quantify and analyze the physical and biological properties of substances and products, as well as enable customers in the clinical and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the molecular and cellular level. key product categories include: liquid chromatography ("lc") systems and components; liquid chromatography mass spectrometry ("lcms") systems; gas chromatography ("gc") systems and components; gas chromatography mass spectrometry ("gcms") systems; inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry ("icp-ms") instruments; atomic absorption ("aa") instruments; microwave plasma-atomic emission spectrometry ("mp-aes") instruments; inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry ("icp-oes") instruments; raman spectroscopy; cell analysis plate based assays; flow cytometer; real-time cell analyzer; cell imaging systems; microplate reader; laboratory software for sample tracking; information management and analytics; laboratory automation and robotic systems; dissolution testing; vacuum pumps and measurement technologies.
net revenue years ended october 31,                                                     2021 over 2020         2020 over 2019 change change
life science and applied markets business revenue in 2021 increased 18 percent compared to 2020. foreign currency movements had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 2 percentage points in 2021 when compared to the same period last year. geographically, revenue increased 21 percent in the americas with no currency impact, increased 22 percent in europe with a 5 percentage point favorable currency impact and increased 14 percent in asia pacific with a 3 percentage point favorable currency impact. in 2021, revenue increases were broad based across our portfolio driven primarily by liquid chromatography, liquid chromatography mass spectrometry, cell analysis and spectroscopy products when compared to the same period last year.
end market revenue performance in 2021 was mixed with pharmaceutical, chemical and energy, diagnostics and clinical and food markets delivering strong results, academia and government delivering moderate results and forensics and environmental markets delivering modest results. the revenue growth in the pharmaceutical end market was driven by liquid chromatography, liquid chromatography mass spectrometry and cell analysis products led by broad based strength across all regions. revenue growth in the chemical and energy market was mainly driven by strength in spectroscopy, vacuum, gas chromatography, and gas chromatography mass spectrometry products with broad based strength across regions. revenue growth in the food and diagnostics and clinical markets was across all products and regions. revenue growth in the academia and government end market was moderate with strong growth in cell analysis partially offset by declines in gas phase mass spectrometry and spectroscopy products. environmental and forensics delivered modest growth with vacuum products delivering strong growth and the rest of the products delivering modest results.
life science and applied markets business revenue in 2020 increased 4 percent compared to 2019. foreign currency movements for 2020 had no overall impact on revenue growth when compared to 2019. acquisitions had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 7 percentage points when compared to 2019. geographically, revenue increased 13 percent in the americas with a 1 percentage point unfavorable currency impact, decreased 2 percent in europe with no currency impact and increased 1 percent in asia pacific with no currency impact. in 2020, revenue increases in our automation, liquid chromatography mass spectrometry and cell analysis products from our acquisitions, primarily in the americas, were partially offset by declines in other parts of the portfolio when compared to the same period last year.
end market revenue performance in 2020 was mixed with academia and government and diagnostics and clinical markets delivering strong growth and the pharmaceutical and food markets delivering moderate growth which was partially offset by chemical and energy and forensics and environmental markets. in 2020, despite the unfavorable impact from covid-19, revenue growth in the academia and government and pharmaceutical and diagnostics and clinical markets was primarily driven by strong performance of our cell analysis products from the lionheart technologies llc ("biotek") acquisition. the growth in the diagnostics and clinical business was also due to the strength in liquid phase mass spectrometry and cell analysis products.
looking forward, despite short term uncertainties and the adverse effects of the covid-19 pandemic, we are optimistic about our long-term growth opportunities in the life sciences and applied markets as our broad portfolio of products and solutions are well suited to address customer needs. we anticipate growth from our new product introductions and acquisitions in the last couple of years as we continue to invest in expanding and improving our applications and solutions portfolio. while we anticipate volatility in our markets, we expect continued growth across most end markets in the long term.
gross margin and operating margin the following table shows the life sciences and applied markets business' margins, expenses and income from operations for 2021 versus 2020, and 2020 versus 2019.
years ended october 31,       2021 over 2020         2020 over 2019 change change
research and development                     $246                      $219                      $216                      12%                            1%
operating margin                             25.6   %                  22.9   %                  23.5   %              3 ppts.                      (1) ppt.
gross margin increased 1 percentage point in 2021 compared to 2020. gross margin was favorably impacted by higher sales volume which was partially offset by higher wage and variable pay, higher material costs and unfavorable currency impact and hedging losses. gross margin decreased 2 percentage points in 2020 compared to 2019. gross margin declined due to the increased impact of pricing pressures and a net unfavorable impact from currency movements partially offset by favorable product mix and material cost savings.
research and development expenses increased 12 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. research and development expenses increased due to higher wage and variable pay, higher program investments in informatics and cell analysis, unfavorable currency impact and higher share-based compensation expense. research and development expenses increased 1 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. research and development expenses increased due to higher wages and additional expenses related to the biotek acquisition partially offset by lower discretionary spending and favorable impact from foreign currency movements.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 11 percent in 2021 compared to 2020. selling, general and administrative expenses increased due to higher wages and variable pay, higher commissions, higher share-based compensation expense and unfavorable currency movements. selling, general and administrative expenses increased 1 percent in 2020 compared to 2019. selling, general and administrative expenses increased due to higher wages and additional expenses related to the biotek acquisition partially offset by favorable impact from foreign currency movements and lower travel costs.
operating margin increased 3 percentage points in 2021 compared to 2020. operating margin increased due to higher sales volume and favorable impact of currency on revenue which was partially offset by higher wages and variable pay, unfavorable impact of currency on expenses and higher share-based compensation. operating margin decreased 1 percentage point in 2020 compared to 2019. operating margin declined due to additional expenses related to our recent acquisitions and unfavorable gross margin due to pricing pressures partially offset by operational savings and favorable currency impact.
income from operations income from operations in 2021 increased by $174 million or 32 percent when compared to 2020 on a revenue increase of $431 million. the increase in income from operations was primarily due to higher sales volume. income from operations in 2020 increased by $6 million or 1 percent when compared to 2019 on a revenue increase of $90 million. the increase in income from operations was mainly due to the impact of the biotek acquisition.
diagnostics and genomics our diagnostics and genomics business includes the genomics, nucleic acid contract manufacturing and research and development, pathology, companion diagnostics, reagent partnership and biomolecular analysis businesses.
our diagnostics and genomics business is comprised of six areas of activity providing active pharmaceutical ingredients ("apis") for oligo-based therapeutics as well as solutions that include reagents, instruments, software and consumables, which enable customers in the clinical and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the cellular and molecular level. first, our genomics business includes arrays for dna mutation detection, genotyping, gene copy number determination, identification of gene rearrangements, dna methylation profiling, gene expression profiling, as well as next generation sequencing ("ngs") target enrichment and genetic data management and interpretation support software. this business also includes solutions that enable clinical labs to identify dna variants associated with genetic disease and help direct cancer therapy. second, our nucleic acid solutions business provides equipment and expertise focused on production of synthesized oligonucleotides under pharmaceutical good manufacturing practices ("gmp") conditions for use as api in an emerging class of drugs that utilize nucleic acid molecules for disease therapy. third, our pathology solutions business is focused on product offerings for cancer diagnostics and anatomic pathology workflows. the broad portfolio of offerings includes immunohistochemistry ("ihc"), in situ hybridization ("ish"), hematoxylin and eosin ("h&e") staining and special staining. fourth, we also collaborate with a number of major pharmaceutical companies to develop new potential tissue and liquid-based pharmacodiagnostics, also known as companion diagnostics, which may be used to identify patients most likely to benefit from a specific targeted therapy. fifth, the reagent partnership business is a provider of reagents used for turbidimetry and flow cytometry. finally, our biomolecular analysis business provides complete workflow solutions, including instruments, consumables and software, for quality control analysis of nucleic acid samples.  samples are analyzed using quantitative and qualitative techniques to ensure accuracy in further genomics analysis techniques utilized in clinical and life science research applications.
net revenue years ended october 31,                                                     2021 over 2020         2020 over 2019 change change
diagnostics and genomics business revenue increased 24 percent in 2021 compared to 2020. foreign currency movements for 2021 had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 3 percentage points when compared to the same period last year. geographically, revenue increased 35 percent in the americas with a 1 percentage point favorable currency impact, increased 12 percent in europe with a 5 percentage point favorable currency impact and increased 16 percent in asia pacific with a 2 percentage point favorable currency impact. the increase in the americas was driven by strong performance in our nucleic acid solutions and genomics portfolios. in europe, we saw strong demand for our genomics solutions as well as an increase in our companion diagnostics and pathology businesses. in asia pacific, revenue growth was driven by our pathology and genomics product portfolios.
in 2021 revenue performance in the diagnostics and genomics business was led by double-digit revenue growth in our nucleic acid solutions, pathology and genomics businesses. the broad-based growth in the genomics product portfolio was driven by our next generation sequencing quality control product portfolio. pathology testing volume returning to pre-pandemic levels drove strong growth throughout all pathology product families. all key end markets had revenue increases when compared to 2020.
diagnostics and genomics business revenue in 2020 increased 2 percent compared to 2019. foreign currency movements had an overall unfavorable impact on revenue growth of 1 percentage point in 2020 when compared to 2019. geographically, revenue increased 2 percent in the americas with no currency impact, increased 1 percent in europe with no currency impact and increased 7 percent in asia pacific with no currency impact. the increase in the americas was driven by strong performance in the nucleic acid solutions and reagent partnership businesses. revenue growth in the americas was partly offset by a decline in the pathology and genomics business driven by the covid-19 related reduction in routine and cancer testing, as well as the closure of academic and research laboratories. in europe, strong revenue from our biomolecular analysis business was partially offset by the covid-19 related declines from our genomics business. in asia pacific, revenue growth was driven by the pathology and biomolecular analysis businesses.
in 2020 revenue performance in the diagnostics and genomics business was led by strong revenue growth in the nucleic acid solutions and biomolecular analyses businesses. this was partly offset by a covid-19 related reduction in routine and cancer testing, as well as the closure of most academic and research laboratories. the diagnostics and clinical research end markets remain strong long-term and growing driven by an aging population and lifestyle developments such as poor diet and physical inactivity.
looking forward, we are optimistic about our long-term growth opportunities in our end markets and continue to invest in expanding and improving our applications and solutions portfolio. we remain positive about our growth in our end markets as our product portfolio around omnis, pd-l1 assays and surefish continues to gain strength with our customers in clinical oncology applications, and our next generation sequencing target enrichment solutions continue to be adopted. market demand in the nucleic acid solutions business related to therapeutic oligo programs continues, and with our newly opened and planned extension of our nucleic acid solutions production facility in frederick, colorado, we are well positioned to serve more of the market demand. the acquisition of resolution bioscience will expand our capabilities in ngs-based cancer diagnostics and provide innovative technology to further serve the needs of the fast-growing precision medicine market. we will continue to invest in research and development and seek to expand our position in developing countries and emerging markets.
gross margin and operating margin the following table shows the diagnostics and genomics business' margins, expenses and income from operations for 2021 versus 2020, and 2020 versus 2019.
years ended october 31,       2021 over 2020         2020 over 2019 change change
total gross margin                           52.8   %                  51.9   %                  54.7   %               1 ppt.                      (3) ppts research and development                     $128                      $114                      $125                      12%                          (9)%
operating margin                             21.0   %                  18.3   %                  18.2   %              3 ppts.                             -
gross margin increased 1 percentage point in 2021 when compared to 2020. gross margin increased due to higher sales volume more than offsetting higher wages, variable pay, inventory charges and logistics expenses. gross margin decreased 3 percentage points in 2020 when compared to 2019. gross margin was impacted by unfavorable product mix and higher fixed costs related to the new manufacturing facility in frederick, colorado, partially offset by lower period and travel costs.
research and development expenses increased 12 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. research and development expenses included higher program investments related to satisfying regulatory requirements such as the eu ivdr guidelines, wages and variable pay, and additional expenses related to our recent acquisition which were partially offset by the shutdown of the sequencer development program in 2020. research and development expenses decreased 9 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. research and development expenses decreased due to the shutdown of our sequencer development program and a reduction in discretionary expenditures including travel costs.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 19 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. selling, general and administrative expenses increased due to higher commissions, share based compensation expenses, higher wages and variable pay. selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 4 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. selling, general and administrative expenses decreased due to a reduction in discretionary expenditures including travel costs partially offset by an increase in wages.
operating margin increased 3 percentage points in 2021 when compared to 2020. operating margin improved as revenue growth more than offset the increase in commissions, wages and variable pay. operating margin was flat in 2020 when compared to 2019. operating margin was aided by savings in operating expenses which were offset by gross margin decline.
income from operations income from operations in 2021 increased by $81 million or 42 percent when compared to 2020 on a revenue increase of $249 million. income from operations increased due to strong sales performance. income from operations in 2020 increased by $7 million or 3 percent when compared to 2019 on a revenue increase of $26 million. the increase was driven by gains from higher volume and lower operating expenses more than offsetting the gross margin percentage decline.
agilent crosslab the agilent crosslab business spans the entire lab with its extensive consumables and services portfolio, which is designed to improve customer outcomes. most of the portfolio is vendor neutral, meaning agilent can serve and supply customers regardless of their instrument purchase choices. solutions range from chemistries and supplies to services and software helping to connect the entire lab. key product categories in consumables include gc and lc columns, sample preparation products, custom chemistries, and a large selection of laboratory instrument supplies. services include startup, operational, training and compliance support, software as a service, as well as asset management and consultative services that help increase customer productivity. custom service and consumable bundles are tailored to meet the specific application needs of various industries and to keep instruments fully operational and compliant with the respective industry requirements.
net revenue years ended october 31,                                                     2021 over 2020         2020 over 2019 change change
agilent crosslab business revenue increased 16 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements for 2021 had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 4 percentage points when compared to 2020. geographically, revenue increased 13 percent in the americas with no currency impact, increased 15 percent in europe with a 6 percentage point favorable currency impact and increased 18 percent in asia pacific with a 5 percentage point favorable currency impact. during the year ended october 31, 2021, the solid growth across the regions reflected consistently high demand for products and services across the entire product portfolio and end markets. revenue growth also reflected last year's weakened sales when many of our customers closed their sites or reduced their operating capacity in response to the covid-19 pandemic.
agilent crosslab business revenue increased 3 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. foreign currency movements had an overall unfavorable impact on revenue growth of 1 percentage point in 2020 when compared to 2019. geographically, revenue was flat in the americas with a 1 percentage point unfavorable currency impact, increased 2 percent in europe with a 1 percentage point favorable currency impact and increased 7 percent in asia pacific with a 1 percentage point unfavorable currency impact. as a consequence of the covid-19 related impact on global commerce in 2020, consumable sales growth has been low single digits in comparison to 2019 in most countries excluding china. in addition, the covid-19 related customer site closures have brought a temporary lull in our delivery of on-demand services and installation services, which has been recovering in the latter half of the year as customer labs reopen. consumable sales in china and the contracted service business across most regions have seen solid gains throughout 2020. among our major end markets, the pharmaceutical market and the food market generated the strongest revenue growth when compared to 2019.
looking forward, the agilent crosslab products and services are well positioned to continue their success in our key end markets and with a growing installed base of instruments to support. we have been taking advantage of digital and remote capabilities to offer services and consumables to customers and will continue to do so. geographically, the business is well diversified across all regions to take advantage of local market opportunities and to hedge against weakness in any one region.
gross margin and operating margin the following table shows the agilent crosslab business' margins, expenses and income from operations for 2021 versus 2020 and 2020 versus 2019.
years ended october 31,       2021 over 2020         2020 over 2019 change change
research and development                      $60                       $58                       $58                       5%                             -
operating margin                             28.1   %                  27.2   %                  25.8   %                1 ppt                         1 ppt income from operations                       $618                      $516                      $475                      20%                            9%
gross margin for products and services was flat in 2021 when compared to 2020. higher volumes and targeted price increases did help elevate margins, but those benefits were offset by higher service delivery costs, higher variable pay and higher hedging losses. gross margin for products and services was relatively flat in 2020 when compared to 2019. gross margin benefited from lower service delivery costs which included travel, parts and labor as well as improved productivity in manufacturing in the consumables business. those operational gains were offset by a net unfavorable impact from currency movements.
research and development expenses increased 5 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. research and development investment within the agilent crosslab business increased due to higher wages and a continued focus on digital service offerings. research and development expenses were relatively flat in 2020 when compared to 2019. the higher wages and variable pay in research and development expenses were offset by lower travel costs and the reduction of other discretionary expenditures.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 13 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. selling, general and administrative expenses increased due to higher wages and variable pay, sales commissions and share-based compensation expense. selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 1 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. selling, general and administrative expenses decreased due to favorable currency movements, reduced travel and training by the sales organization, lower sales commissions, and a reduction in discretionary expenditures which were partially offset by higher wages.
operating margin increased 1 percentage point in 2021 when compared to 2020. operating margin grew slightly in 2021 due to higher sales volume offset by higher wages and variable pay, higher service delivery costs and hedging losses. operating margin increased 1 percentage point in 2020 when compared to 2019. the increase was primarily due to the growth in revenue while lowering service delivery and selling costs and the reduction of discretionary expenditures, partially offset by higher wages.
income from operations income from operations in 2021 increased by $102 million or 20 percent when compared to 2020 on a revenue increase of $300 million. income from operations increased primarily due to higher sales. income from operations in 2020 increased by $41 million or 9 percent when compared to 2019 on a revenue increase of $60 million. the increase was primarily due to the growth in revenue while lowering service delivery and selling costs and the reduction of discretionary expenditures, partially offset by higher wages.
financial condition liquidity and capital resources we believe our cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and ability to access capital markets and credit lines will satisfy, for at least the next twelve months, our liquidity requirements, both globally and domestically, including the following: working capital needs, capital expenditures, business acquisitions, stock repurchases, cash dividends, contractual obligations, commitments, principal and interest payments on debt, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations. our sources and uses of cash were not materially impacted by covid-19 to date. we have not identified any material liquidity concerns as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. we will continue to monitor and assess the impact covid-19 may have on our business and financial results.
economic stimulus legislation was passed in many countries in response to covid-19. in march 2020 in the u.s., the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act ("cares act") was enacted to provide for tax relief and government loans, subsidies and other relief for entities in affected industries. in march 2021 in the u.s., the american rescue plan act ("arp act") was enacted. the arp act strengthens and extends certain federal programs enacted through the cares act and other covid-19 relief measures and establishes new federal programs. as of october 31, 2021, the cares act, the arp act and other government benefits outside the u.s. did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
our financial position as of october 31, 2021 consisted of cash and cash equivalents of $1,484 million as compared to $1,441 million as of october 31, 2020.
we may, from time to time, retire certain outstanding debt of ours through open market cash purchases, privately-negotiated transactions or otherwise. such transactions, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors.
net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $1,485 million in 2021 as compared to $921 million provided in 2020 and $1,021 million provided in 2019. net cash paid for income taxes was approximately $211 million in 2021 compared to income taxes paid of $361 million, which included a one-time payment of $231 million related to the transfer of intellectual property, in 2020 and $159 million in 2019. for the years ended october 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, other assets and liabilities used cash of $14 million, $182 million and $40 million, respectively. the cash outflow for the year ended october 31, 2021 in other assets and liabilities was primarily due to tax payments and changes in deferred revenue. the cash outflow in the year ended october 31, 2020 was largely the result of increased income tax payments, interest payments on senior notes and changes in deferred revenue. cash outflow for the year ended october 31, 2019 in other assets and liabilities is primarily due to tax payments and interest on senior notes.
in 2021, the change in accounts receivable used cash of $128 million, $107 million in 2020, and $106 million in 2019. days' sales outstanding as of october 31, were 64 days in 2021, 63 days in 2020 and 61 days in 2019. the change in accounts payable provided cash of $64 million in 2021, $2 million in 2020 and $29 million in 2019. cash used in inventory was $136 million in 2021, $68 million in 2020 and $36 million in 2019. inventory days on-hand increased to 98 days in 2021 compared to 93 days in 2020 and increased compared to 97 days in 2019. in the year ended october 31, 2021, we increased our inventory levels to meet our customer needs in response to the covid-19 pandemic and to compensate for long lead time in ordering from our suppliers.
the change in the employee compensation and benefits liability was $112 million for year ended october 31, 2021 compared to cash provided of $29 million in 2020 and $23 million in 2019. this was largely due to an increase in the vacation liability and variable and incentive pay liability. we paid approximately $119 million in 2021 under our variable and incentive pay programs compared to $79 million in 2020 and $118 million in 2019. the decrease in the amount for variable and incentive pay programs paid in 2020 was primarily due to changes made for certain incentive pay programs which were paid annually versus semi-annually as was done in 2019.
we made no contributions to our u.s defined benefit plans in 2021, 2020 and 2019. we contributed $19 million in 2021 and $31 million in 2020 and $21 million 2019 to our non-u.s. defined benefit plans, respectively. we did not contribute to our u.s. post-retirement benefit plans in 2021, 2020 and 2019. our non-u.s. defined benefit plans are generally funded ratably throughout the year. the increase in 2020 mainly related to $12 million additional contribution in the netherlands. our annual contributions are highly dependent on the relative performance of our assets versus our projected liabilities, among other factors. we do not expect to contribute to our u.s. plans and u.s. post-retirement benefit plans during 2022. we expect to contribute $19 million to our non-u.s. defined benefit plans during 2022.
net cash used in investing activities net cash used in investing activities in 2021 was $749 million and in 2020 was $147 million as compared to net cash used of $1,590 million in 2019.
investments in property, plant and equipment were $188 million in 2021, $119 million in 2020 and $155 million in 2019. our anticipated capital expenditures for fiscal year 2022 will be $300 million. in 2021 we invested $546 million in a business and intangible assets, net of cash acquired for our acquisition of resolution bioscience compared to no acquisitions in 2020 and $1,408 million invested in our acquisition of two businesses in 2019. in 2021 cash used to purchase fair value investments was $22 million compared to $20 million outlay in 2020 and $23 million in 2019.
treasury stock repurchases on november 19, 2018 we announced that our board of directors had approved a new share repurchase program (the "2019 repurchase program") designed, among other things, to reduce or eliminate dilution resulting from issuance of stock under the company's employee equity incentive programs. the 2019 share repurchase program authorizes the purchase of up to $1.75 billion of our common stock at the company's discretion and has no fixed termination date. the 2019 repurchase program does not require the company to acquire a specific number of shares and may be suspended, amended or discontinued at any time. during the year ended october 31, 2019, we repurchased and retired 10.4 million shares for $723 million under this authorization. during the year ended october 31, 2020, we repurchased and retired 5.2 million shares for $469 million under this authorization. during the year ended october 31, 2021, we repurchased and retired approximately 3.1 million shares for $365 million under this authorization. effective february 18, 2021, the 2019 repurchase program was terminated and replaced by the new share repurchase program. the remaining authorization under the 2019 repurchase plan of $193 million expired on february 18, 2021.
on february 16, 2021 we announced that our board of directors had approved a new share repurchase program (the "2021 repurchase program") designed, among other things, to reduce or eliminate dilution resulting from issuance of stock under the company's employee equity incentive programs. the 2021 repurchase program authorizes the purchase of up to $2.0 billion of our common stock at the company's discretion and has no fixed termination date. the 2021 repurchase program which became effective on february 18, 2021, replaced and terminated the 2019 repurchase program on that date. the 2021 repurchase program does not require the company to acquire a specific number of shares and may be suspended, amended or discontinued at any time. during the year ended october 31, 2021, we repurchased and retired 3.0 million shares for $423 million under this authorization. as of october 31, 2021, we had remaining authorization to repurchase up to approximately $1.577 billion of our common stock under the 2021 repurchase program.
dividends for the years ended october 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 cash dividends of $236 million, $222 million and $206 million were paid on the company's outstanding common stock, respectively. on november 17, 2021 we declared a quarterly dividend of $0.210 per share of common stock, or approximately $63 million which will be paid on january 26, 2022 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on january 4, 2022. the timing and amounts of any future dividends are subject to determination and approval by our board of directors.
credit facilities on march 13, 2019, we entered into a credit agreement with a group of financial institutions which, as amended, provides for a $1 billion five-year unsecured credit facility that will expire on march 13, 2024 and incremental term loan facilities in an aggregate amount of up to $500 million. on april 21, 2021, we entered into an incremental assumption agreement, pursuant to which the aggregate amount available for borrowing under the revolving credit facility was increased to $1.35 billion and the aggregate amount available for incremental facilities was refreshed to remain at $500 million. as of both october 31, 2021 and 2020, we had no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility and we had no borrowings under the incremental facilities. we were in compliance with the covenants for the credit facility during the year ended october 31, 2021.
commercial paper in may 2020, we established a u.s. commercial paper program, under which the company may issue and sell unsecured, short-term promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount not to exceed $1.0 billion with up to 397-day maturities. on june 18, 2021, we increased the authorized maximum amount of notes that may be outstanding to $1.35 billion. at any point in time, the company intends to maintain available commitments under its revolving credit facility in an amount at least equal to the amount of the commercial paper notes outstanding. amounts available under the program may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed from time to time. the proceeds from issuances under the program may be used for general corporate purposes. as of october 31, 2021, we had no borrowings outstanding under our u.s. commercial paper program. we had borrowings of $75 million outstanding under the u.s. commercial paper program as of  october 31, 2020.
2022 senior notes on september 13, 2012, the company issued an aggregate principal amount of $400 million in senior notes ("2022 senior notes"). the 2022 senior notes were issued at 99.80% of their principal amount. the notes will mature on october 1, 2022, and bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.20% per annum. the interest is payable semi-annually on april 1st and october 1st of each year and payments commenced on april 1, 2013.
on january 21, 2021, we redeemed $100 million of the $400 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 2022 senior notes due october 1, 2022. on april 5, 2021, we redeemed the remaining outstanding $300 million of our 2022 senior notes. the total redemption price of approximately $417 million was computed in accordance with the terms of the 2022 senior notes as the present value of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and unpaid interest on the notes being redeemed. during the year ended october 31, 2021, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $17 million in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statement of operations. in addition, $1 million of accrued interest, up to but not including the applicable redemption date, was paid. the make-whole premium less partial amortization of previously deferred interest rate swap gain together with the amortization of debt issuance costs and discount was recorded in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statement of operations.
2023 senior notes on june 21, 2013, the company issued aggregate principal amount of $600 million in senior notes ("2023 senior notes"). the 2023 senior notes were issued at 99.544% of their principal amount. the notes will mature on july 15, 2023 and bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.875% per annum. the interest is payable semi-annually on january 15th and july 15th of each year and payments commenced january 15, 2014.
2026 senior notes on september 22, 2016, the company issued aggregate principal amount of $300 million in senior notes ("2026 senior notes"). the 2026 senior notes were issued at 99.624% of their principal amount. the notes will mature on september 22, 2026 and bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.05% per annum. the interest is payable semi-annually on march 22nd and september 22nd of each year and payments commenced march 22, 2017.
in february 2016, agilent executed three forward-starting pay fixed/receive variable interest rate swaps for the notional amount of $300 million in connection with future interest payments to be made on our 2026 senior notes issued on september 15, 2016. the swap arrangements were terminated on september 15, 2016 with a payment of $10 million, and we recognized this as a deferred loss in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) which is being amortized to interest expense over the life of the 2026 senior notes. the remaining loss to be amortized related to the interest rate swap agreements at october 31, 2021 was $5 million.
2029 senior notes on september 16, 2019, the company issued an aggregate principal amount of $500 million in senior notes ("2029 senior notes"). the 2029 senior notes were issued at 99.316% of their principal amount. the notes will mature on september 15, 2029, and bear interest at a fixed rate of 2.75% per annum. the interest is payable semi-annually on march 15th and september 15th of each year and payments commenced on march 15, 2020.
in august 2019, agilent executed treasury lock agreements for $250 million in connection with future interest payments to be made on our 2029 senior notes issued on september 16, 2019. we designated the treasury lock as a cash flow hedge. the treasury lock contracts were terminated on september 6, 2019 and we recognized a deferred loss of $6 million in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) which is being amortized to interest expense over the life of the 2029 senior notes. the remaining loss to be amortized related to the treasury lock agreements at october 31, 2021 was $5 million.
2030 senior notes on june 4, 2020, we issued an aggregate principal amount of $500 million in senior notes ("2030 senior notes"). the 2030 senior notes were issued at 99.812% of their principal amount. the 2030 senior notes will mature on june 4, 2030, and bear interest at a fixed rate of 2.10% per annum. the interest is payable semi-annually on june 4th and december 4th of each year and payments commenced on december 4, 2020.
2031 senior notes on march 12, 2021, we issued an aggregate principal amount of $850 million in senior notes ("2031 senior notes"). the 2031 senior notes were issued at 99.822% of their principal amount. the 2031 senior notes will mature on march 12, 2031, and bear interest at a fixed rate of 2.30% per annum. the interest is payable semi-annually on march 12th and september 12th of each year and payments commenced on september 12, 2021.
off balance sheet arrangements and other our liquidity is affected by many factors, some of which are based on normal ongoing operations of our business and some of which arise from fluctuations related to global economics and markets. our cash balances are generated and held in many locations throughout the world. local government regulations may restrict our ability to move cash balances to meet cash needs under certain circumstances. we do not currently expect such regulations and restrictions to impact our ability to pay vendors and conduct operations throughout our global organization.
contractual commitments our cash flows from operations are dependent on a number of factors, including fluctuations in our operating results, accounts receivable collections, inventory management, and the timing of tax and other payments. as a result, the impact of contractual obligations on our liquidity and capital resources in future periods should be analyzed in conjunction with such factors.
commitments to contract manufacturers and suppliers.  we purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. during the normal course of business, we issue purchase orders with estimates of our requirements several months ahead of the delivery dates. the above amounts represent the commitments under the open purchase orders with our suppliers that have not yet been received. however, our agreements with these suppliers usually provide us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders being placed. we expect to fulfill most of our purchase commitments for inventory within one year.
other purchase commitments. we have categorized "other purchase commitments" related to contracts with professional services suppliers. typically, we can cancel contracts with professional services suppliers without penalties. for those contracts that are not cancelable without penalties, there are termination fees and costs or commitments for continued spending that we are obligated to pay to a supplier under each contact's termination period before such contract can be cancelled. our contractual obligations with these suppliers under "other purchase commitments" were approximately $83 million. approximately $22 million of the penalties for the new contracts will reduce over the next 12 years.
retirement plans.  commitments under the retirement plans relate to expected contributions to be made to our u.s. and non-u.s. defined benefit plans and to our post-retirement medical plans for the next year only. contributions after next year are impractical to estimate. effective may 1, 2016 until april 30, 2022, we will provide an additional transitional company contribution for certain eligible employees equal to 3 percent, 4 percent or 5 percent of an employee's annual eligible compensation due to the u.s. retirement plan benefits being frozen.
we had no material off-balance sheet arrangements as of october 31, 2021 or october 31, 2020.
operating leases        55                                         71                                  25                                  48
other long-term liabilities as of october 31, 2021 and october 31, 2020 include $241 million and $323 million, respectively, related to long-term income tax liabilities. of these amounts, $117 million and $199 million related to uncertain tax positions as of october 31, 2021 and october 31, 2020, respectively. we are unable to accurately predict when these amounts will be realized or released. however, it is reasonably possible that there could be significant changes to our unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months due to either the expiration of a statute of limitations or a tax audit settlement. the remaining $124 million included in other long-term liabilities relates to the one-time transition tax payable.