item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis provides information management believes to be relevant to understanding the financial condition and results of operations of boston scientific corporation and its subsidiaries for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020. for a full understanding of our financial condition and results of operations, this discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k.
for additional information on our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2019, refer to our previously filed annual report on form 10-k.
covid-19 pandemic in december 2019, the novel strain of coronavirus (sars-cov-2), and its disease commonly known as covid-19 (covid-19), was reported in china and has since widely impacted the global public health and economic environment. in march 2020, the world health organization declared covid-19, including all additional variations and strains thereof, a global pandemic (covid-19 pandemic). while the majority of procedures using our products are deferrable, most of the conditions that we treat are generally fairly acute and cannot be deferred for extended periods. as the pandemic spread worldwide, many elective and semi-emergent procedures have been postponed, particularly during the second half of 2020 and first half of 2021, enabling hospital staff to focus critical resources on caring for covid-19 patients.
because the severity, magnitude, and duration of the covid-19 pandemic and its economic consequences continue to be uncertain, the pandemic's impact on our operations and financial performance, as well as its impact on our ability to execute our business strategies and initiatives successfully, remains uncertain and difficult to predict. procedural delays from the further resurgence of covid-19 infections and the emergence of new, more contagious variant strains of covid-19, as well as staffing shortages within healthcare facilities, have and may continue to negatively impact demand for our products, net sales, gross profit margin and operating expenses as a percentage of net sales. in addition, conditions created by the covid-19 pandemic, the economic recovery that has followed in many areas and other macroeconomic factors have led to a challenging labor market in which we compete, which affects our ability to retain and attract new talent as well as put inflationary pressure on certain operational costs due to wage increases. further, we face and may continue to face, increases in the cost and limited availability of raw materials, components, and other inputs necessary to manufacture and distribute our products due to constraints within the global supply chain, as well as increases in the cost and time to distribute our products.
we continue to focus our efforts on the health and safety of patients, healthcare providers and employees, while executing our mission of transforming lives through innovative medical solutions to improve the health of patients around the world. since the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, our global crisis management team has focused on protecting our employees and customers, optimizing our operations and securing our supply chain. we have successfully implemented business continuity plans including establishing a medical advisory group for employees, leveraging work from home infrastructure to facilitate social distancing and accelerating capabilities to provide remote physician support. we will continue to be guided by our values and mission and monitor our return-to-office strategy based on science and data for the health and safety of our employees. while we expect the covid-19 pandemic will continue to negatively impact our performance to an extent, we continue to believe our long-term fundamentals remain strong and we will manage through these challenges with strategic focus and the winning spirit of our global team.
executive summary financial highlights and trends in 2021, we generated net sales of $11.888 billion, as compared to $9.913 billion in 2020. this increase of $1.975 billion, or 19.9 percent, included operational growth of 18.7 percent and the positive impact of 130 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations.1 operational net sales included $212 million in 2021 associated with our acquisitions of preventice solutions, inc. (preventice), farapulse, inc. (farapulse) and the global surgical business of lumenis, ltd (lumenis), for which there were no prior period net sales. operational net sales also included $202 million in 2020 associated with our intrauterine health franchise and the specialty pharmaceuticals business, divested in the second quarter of 2020 and first quarter of 2021, respectively. the increase in our net sales was primarily driven by the recovery of elective and semi-emergent procedure volumes compared to the prior year when the covid-19 pandemic had a more significant impact on our net sales. refer to the business and market overview section for further discussion of our net sales by global business.
operational net sales growth rates, which exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and adjusted measures, which exclude certain items required by generally accepted accounting principles in the united states (u.s. gaap), are not prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a replacement for, the most directly comparable gaap measure. refer to additional information for a discussion of management's use of these non-gaap financial measures.
in may 2020, we completed an offering of 10,062,500 shares of 5.50% mandatory convertible preferred stock, series a (mcps) at a price to the public and liquidation preference of $100 per share. refer to the reconciliations below for the impact of the mcps cumulative preferred stock dividends on our calculations of earnings per share (eps).
the following is a reconciliation of our results of operations prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap to those adjusted results considered by management. refer to results of operations for a discussion of each reconciling item:
(in millions, except per share data)                                                   income (loss) before income taxes        income tax expense (benefit)       net income (loss)   preferred stock dividends            net income (loss) available to common stockholders        impact per share(3)
non-gaap adjustments:
goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges                                                 370                                  (51)                         318           -                                                                318                                 0.22
deferred tax expenses (benefits)                                                                         -                                   132                         132           -                                                                132                                 0.09
(3) for 2021, the effect of assuming the conversion of mcps into shares of common stock was anti-dilutive, and therefore excluded from the calculation of eps. accordingly, gaap net income (loss) and adjusted net income were reduced by cumulative preferred stock dividends, as presented in our consolidated statements of operations, for purposes of calculating gaap net income (loss) available to common stockholders.
(in millions, except per share data)                                                   income (loss) before income taxes        income tax expense (benefit)       net income (loss)   preferred stock dividends            net income (loss) available to common stockholders        impact per share(4)
non-gaap adjustments:
goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges                                                 533                                  (68)                         465           -                                                                465                                 0.32
deferred tax expenses (benefits)                                                                         -                                    41                          41           -                                                                 41                                 0.03
(4) for 2020, the effect of assuming the conversion of mcps into shares of common stock was anti-dilutive, and therefore excluded from the calculation of eps. accordingly, gaap net income (loss) and adjusted net income were reduced by cumulative preferred stock dividends, as presented in our consolidated statements of operations, for purposes of calculating gaap net income (loss) available to common stockholders. we have assumed dilution of 13.8 million common stock equivalents related to employee stock options for all or a portion of the non-gaap adjustments, which were anti-dilutive for gaap purposes due to our net loss position.
business and market overview the following section describes our results of operations by reportable segment and business unit. for additional information on our businesses and their product offerings, see item 1. business of this annual report on form 10-k.
medsurg endoscopy our endoscopy business develops and manufactures devices to diagnose and treat a broad range of gastrointestinal (gi) and pulmonary conditions with innovative, less invasive technologies. our net sales of endoscopy products of $2.141 billion represented 18 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2021. our endoscopy net sales increased $361 million, or 20.3 percent, in 2021, as compared to 2020. this increase included operational net sales growth of 18.9 percent and the positive impact of 130 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, as compared to 2020. these year-over-year changes were primarily driven by our biliary, single-use imaging, hemostasis and infection prevention franchises due to the recovery of elective and semi-emergent procedure volumes compared to the prior year when the covid-19 pandemic had a significant negative impact on our net sales.
urology and pelvic health our urology and pelvic health business develops and manufactures devices to treat various urological and pelvic conditions for both male and female anatomies. our net sales of urology and pelvic health products of $1.583 billion represented 13 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2021. urology and pelvic health net sales increased $297 million, or 23.1 percent, in 2021, as compared to 2020. this increase included operational net sales growth of 22.1 percent and the positive impact of 100 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, as compared to 2020.
operational net sales growth included organic net sales growth of 19.2 percent in 2021 and the net positive impact of 280 basis points due to our lumenis, ltd. (lumenis) acquisition less the impact of the divestiture of the intrauterine health business in the second quarter of 2020. in the third quarter of 2021, we completed the acquisition of the global surgical business of lumenis, a privately-held company that develops and commercializes energy-based medical solutions, including innovative laser systems, fibers and accessories used for urology and otolaryngology procedures. organic net sales growth was driven by our stone management and prostate health franchises and prosthetic urology franchise due to the recovery of elective and semi-emergent procedure volumes compared to the prior year when the covid-19 pandemic had a significant negative impact on our net sales.
rhythm and neuro cardiac rhythm management our cardiac rhythm management (crm) business develops and manufactures a variety of implantable devices that monitor the heart and deliver electricity to treat cardiac abnormalities. our net sales of crm products of $2.019 billion represented 17 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2021. our net sales of crm products increased $315 million, or 18.5 percent, in 2021, as compared to 2020. this increase included operational net sales growth of 17.1 percent and the positive impact of 140 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, as compared to 2020.
operational net sales growth included organic net sales growth of 7.7 percent in 2021 and the positive impact of 950 basis points from the acquisition of preventice solutions, adding to our crm business a full portfolio of mobile cardiac health solutions and services, ranging from ambulatory cardiac monitors, to cardiac event monitors and mobile cardiac telemetry. organic sales growth was attributable to our defibrillator and pacemaker franchises, due to the recovery of semi-emergent and emergent procedure volumes compared to the prior year when the covid-19 pandemic had a significant negative impact on our net sales, as well as our cardiac diagnostics franchise, led by our icm system.
electrophysiology our electrophysiology business develops and manufactures less-invasive medical technologies used in the diagnosis and treatment of rate and rhythm disorders of the heart. our net sales of electrophysiology products of $365 million represented three percent of our consolidated net sales in 2021. our electrophysiology net sales increased $79 million, or 27.4 percent, in 2021, as compared to 2020. this increase included operational net sales growth of 25.8 percent and the positive impact of 160
basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, as compared to 2020. operational net sales growth was primarily driven by the recovery of elective procedure volumes compared to the prior year when the covid-19 pandemic had a significant negative impact on our net sales, as well as the success of our ongoing polarxtm cryoablation system and stablepoint force-sensing catheter international launches in europe and japan.
neuromodulation our neuromodulation business develops and manufactures devices to treat various neurological movement disorders and manage chronic pain. our net sales of neuromodulation products of $909 million represented eight percent of our consolidated net sales in 2021. neuromodulation net sales increased $148 million, or 19.5 percent, in 2021, as compared to 2020. this increase included operational net sales growth of 18.6 percent and the positive impact of 90 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, as compared to 2020.
operational net sales growth was primarily driven by our spinal cord stimulation (scs) systems, led by our next generation wavewriter alphatm scs system and our deep brain stimulation (dbs) systems, including our vercise genustm dbs system, due to the recovery of elective procedure volumes in the first half of 2021 compared to the prior year when the covid-19 pandemic had a more significant negative impact on our net sales. during the second half of 2021, procedure volumes continued to be negatively impacted by the covid-19 pandemic due to their elective nature.
cardiovascular interventional cardiology our interventional cardiology business develops and manufactures technologies for diagnosing and treating coronary artery disease and structural heart conditions. our net sales of interventional cardiology products of $3.038 billion represented 26 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2021. our interventional cardiology net sales increased $739 million, or 32.2 percent, in 2021, as compared to 2020. this increase included operational net sales growth of 30.7 percent and the positive impact of 150 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, as compared to 2020.
operational net sales growth was driven by our watchman flxtm left atrial appendage closure (laac) device, our percutaneous coronary intervention guidance (pcig) franchise, our complex pci product offerings, and our drug-eluting stent (des) systems due to the recovery of procedure volumes compared to the prior year when the covid-19 pandemic had a significant negative impact on our net sales. in addition, growth was positively impacted by $179 million in reserves recorded in the second half of 2020 primarily related to our conversion to a consignment inventory model for our laac franchise with the launch of our watchman flxtm device in the u.s. these increases were partially offset by the discontinuation of our lotus edgetm aortic value system in the fourth quarter of 2020, general price declines associated with our des systems and the unfavorable impact of china tender pricing on both des systems and balloon catheter net sales following a reduction in prices in the first quarter of 2021.
peripheral interventions our peripheral interventions business develops and manufactures products to diagnose and treat peripheral arterial and venous diseases, as well as products to diagnose, treat and ease various forms of cancer. in the third quarter of 2019, we completed the acquisition of btg plc (btg). we integrated btg's interventional medicine (im) portfolio into our peripheral interventions division, adding complementary technologies in the areas of venous disease and interventional oncology. our net sales of peripheral interventions products of $1.820 billion represented 15 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2021. our peripheral interventions net sales increased $243 million, or 15.4 percent, in 2021, as compared to 2020. this increase included operational net sales growth of 14.2 percent and the positive impact of 120 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, as compared to 2020.
operational net sales growth was primarily driven by the interventional oncology franchise, including our theraspheretm y-90 radioactive glass microspheres, which received u.s. food and drug administration approval in the first quarter of 2021 after 20 years as a humanitarian exemption (hde) device. in addition, growth was driven by our drug-eluting portfolio, including the eluviatm drug-eluting stent and rangertm drug-coated balloon due to the recovery of procedure volumes compared to the prior year when the covid-19 pandemic had a significant negative impact on our net sales, as well as continued worldwide commercial execution and adoption in recently approved countries. in the first quarter of 2021, we received approval from japan's ministry of health, labor and welfare (mhlw) for rangertm and initiated a full launch.
specialty pharmaceuticals on march 1, 2021, we completed the divestiture of the specialty pharmaceuticals business for a purchase price of approximately $800 million. our consolidated net sales include specialty pharmaceuticals up to the date of the closing of the transaction.
emerging markets as part of our strategic imperative to drive global expansion, described in item 1. business of this annual report on form 10-k, we are seeking to grow net sales and market share by expanding our global presence, including in emerging markets. we define emerging markets as the 20 countries that we believe have strong growth potential based on their economic conditions, healthcare sectors and our global capabilities. we have increased our investment in infrastructure in these countries in order to maximize opportunities. periodically, we assess our list of emerging markets countries, and effective january 1, 2021, modified our list to include the following countries: brazil, chile, china, colombia, czech republic, india, indonesia, malaysia, mexico, philippines, poland, russia, saudi arabia, slovakia, south africa, south korea, taiwan, thailand, turkey and vietnam. we have revised prior period amounts to conform to the current year's presentation. our emerging markets net sales represented 12 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2021 and 11 percent in 2020. in 2021, our emerging markets net sales grew 25.5 percent on a reported basis including operational net sales growth of 22.3 percent and the positive impact of 320 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, as compared to 2020. operational net sales growth was driven primarily by our net sales in china, which have largely recovered from the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on procedural volumes.
results of operations net sales the following table provides our net sales by business and the relative change in growth on a reported basis:
urology and pelvic health               1,583                       1,286                       1,413                       23.1%                  (9.0)%
cardiac rhythm management               2,019                       1,704                       1,939                       18.5%                 (12.1)%
(5) on march 1, 2021, we completed the divestiture of the specialty pharmaceuticals business. our consolidated net sales include specialty pharmaceuticals up to the date of the closing of the transaction.
refer to executive summary for further discussion of our net sales and a comparison of our 2021 and 2020 net sales.
in 2020, we generated net sales of $9.913 billion, as compared to $10.735 billion in 2019. this decrease of $823 million, or 7.7 percent, included operational declines of 7.8 percent and the positive impact of 10 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations. operational net sales included $413 million in 2020 associated with our acquisition of vertiflex, inc. (vertiflex) for the period prior to june 2020 and our acquisition of btg plc (btg) for the period prior to mid-august 2020, for both of which there were no prior period net sales. operational net sales also included $41 million in 2019 associated with our global embolic microspheres portfolio, for which there were no comparable period sales in 2020 following our divestiture in the third quarter of 2019, and our intra-uterine health business, for which there were no comparable period sales in 2020 following our divestiture in the second quarter of 2020.
gross profit our gross profit was $8.177 billion in 2021 and $6.448 billion in 2020. as a percentage of net sales, our gross profit increased to 68.8 percent in 2021, as compared to 65.0 percent in 2020. the following is a rollforward of our gross profit margins and a description of the drivers of the change from period to period:
gross profit margin year ended december 31, 2019                                          71.0%
net impact of foreign currency fluctuations                            0.2%
net impact of foreign currency fluctuations                          (0.3)%
the primary factors contributing to the increase in our gross profit margin for 2021 as compared to 2020 were higher sales volumes and favorable product mix associated with the resumption of the procedures using higher-margin products following reduced elective procedure volumes due to the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, our gross profit margin in 2020 was negatively impacted by abnormal production variances attributable to manufacturing plant shut-downs, inventory charges related to the discontinuation of our lotus platform and sales return reserves due to our watchman flxtm consignment conversion. these improvements were partially offset by price declines related primarily to sales of our coronary drug-eluting stent systems and foreign currency fluctuations. in addition, macro-environment factors have negatively impacted our gross profit margin, including the cost of operating manufacturing plants with covid-19 specific health and safety measures and increases in costs of certain raw materials, direct labor and freight. we expect our gross margin to continue to be negatively impacted in 2022 while these factors persist.
a significant factor contributing to the decrease in our gross profit margin for 2020 as compared to 2019 was manufacturing costs of $149 million associated with abnormally low production levels resulting from manufacturing plant shutdowns and reduced operations. in addition, we recorded $119 million of inventory charges associated with the global, voluntary recall of all unused inventory of our lotus edgetm aortic valve system and discontinuation of the lotus platform. our gross margin was further negatively impacted in 2020 due to our conversion to a consignment inventory model for our laac franchise with the launch of our next-generation watchman flxtm device. in addition, the unfavorable product mix due to the deferral of procedures using higher-margin products, price declines related primarily to sales of our coronary drug-eluting stent products, excess and obsolete inventory charges due to lower forecasted demand for certain of our products as well as the amortization of the inventory fair value step up recorded in connection with our acquisition of btg contributed to a decrease in gross margin.
eu mdr implementation costs the european union medical device regulation (eu mdr) replaced the existing european medical devices directive (mdd) regulatory framework, and manufacturers of medical devices were required to comply with eu mdr beginning in may 2021 for new product registrations and by may 2024 for medical devices which have a valid ce certificate to the prior directives (issued before may 2021).
we consider the adoption of eu mdr to be a significant change to a regulatory framework, and therefore, certain incremental costs specific to complying with eu mdr for previously registered products are not considered to be ordinary course expenditures in connection with regulatory matters. as such, certain of these costs are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance. we began our implementation efforts in late 2019 and incurred associated expenses of $83 million in 2021 and $51 million in 2020. we expect to incur total expenses of approximately $250 million to $300 million over the five year implementation period, which will be recorded primarily within cost of products sold.
operating expenses the following table provides a summary of certain of our operating expenses:
(in millions)                                                    $% of net sales                          $% of net sales                          $% of net sales selling, general and administrative expenses          $4,359           36.7    %               $3,787           38.2    %               $3,941           36.7    %
research and development expenses                      1,204           10.1    %                1,143           11.5    %                1,174           10.9    %
selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses in 2021, our sg&a expenses increased $572 million, or 15 percent, as compared to 2020 and were 150 basis points lower as a percentage of net sales. the increase in sg&a expenses was due primarily to higher selling costs driven by higher global net sales and the targeted lifting of spending controls implemented in 2020 in response to the escalating covid-19 pandemic. in addition, sg&a expenses in 2021 were further impacted by higher restructuring-related spend and acquisition-related costs.
in 2020, our sg&a expenses decreased $154 million, or 4 percent, as compared to 2019 and were 150 basis points higher as a percentage of net sales. the decrease in sg&a expenses was primarily due to our efforts to reduce expenditures to minimize the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our results of operations. we implemented several cost reduction initiatives, including decreases in travel, meetings and customer events, hiring and other variable spending. we also implemented a temporary four-day work week for many employees globally and reduced employee compensation.
research and development (r&d) expenses we remain committed to advancing medical technologies and investing in meaningful research and development projects across our businesses. in 2021, our r&d expenses increased $61 million, or 5 percent, as compared to 2020, and were 140 basis points lower as a percentage of net sales. we expect to continue to make investments across our businesses in order to maintain a pipeline of new products that we believe will contribute to profitable sales growth.
in 2020, our r&d expenses decreased $31 million, or 3 percent, as compared to 2019, and were 60 basis points higher as a percentage of sales as a result of investments across our businesses.
royalty expense in 2021, our royalty expense increased $3 million, or 8 percent, as compared to 2020 and was 10 basis points lower as a percentage of net sales primarily due to global net sales growth in 2021.
in 2020, our royalty expense decreased $20 million, or 31 percent, as compared to 2019 and was 10 basis points lower as a percentage of net sales. the decrease relates primarily to the expiration of certain royalty agreements.
other operating expenses the following table provides a summary of certain of our other operating expenses, which are excluded by management for purposes of evaluating operating performance, refer to additional information for a further description of certain operating expenses:
goodwill impairment charges                                 -                        73                         -
intangible asset impairment charges                       370                       460                       105
contingent consideration net expense (benefit)          (136)                     (100)                      (35)
gain on disposal of businesses and assets                (78)                         -                         -
amortization expense in 2021, our amortization expense decreased $48 million, or 6 percent, as compared to 2020. the decrease was driven by the divestiture of the specialty pharmaceuticals business partially offset by the addition of amortizable intangible assets associated with our recent acquisitions. in 2020, our amortization expense increased $90 million, or 13 percent, as compared to 2019. the increase was driven by an increase in the balance of amortizable intangible assets due to acquisitions, including btg.
goodwill impairment charges in 2021, we did not record any goodwill impairment charges. in 2020, we recorded goodwill impairment charges of $73 million related to the execution of a definitive agreement to sell our specialty pharmaceuticals business. refer to note a - significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information and critical accounting estimates for a discussion of key assumptions used in our goodwill impairment testing and future events that could have a negative impact on the recoverability of our goodwill.
intangible asset impairment charges in 2021, our intangible asset impairment charges were $370 million, primarily associated with intangible assets established in connection with our acquisitions of millipede, inc. and veniti, inc. in 2020, our intangible asset impairment charges were $460 million, primarily associated with intangible assets established in connection with our acquisitions of sadra medical, inc., apama medical inc. and nvision medical corporation (nvision). each of these impairment charges were recorded following management's decision to cancel the programs due to the length of time, and remaining cost, to complete and commercialize the technology; the cost to remediate quality issues; or, specific to nvision, our understanding of the clinical evidence necessary to commercialize the technology.
refer to critical accounting estimates for a discussion of key assumptions used in our intangible asset impairment testing and future events that could have a negative impact on the recoverability of our intangible assets.
contingent consideration net expense (benefit)
to recognize changes in the fair value of our contingent consideration liability, we recorded net benefits of $136 million and $100 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. the net benefits related to a reduction in the contingent consideration liability for certain prior acquisitions for which we reduced the probability of achievement of associated revenue and/or regulatory milestones upon which payment is conditioned, or, in the case of millipede and nvision, for milestones that would not be achieved due to management's discontinuation of the associated r&d program. refer to note b - acquisitions and strategic investments to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for additional details related to our contingent consideration arrangements.
in november 2018, our board of directors approved, and we committed to, a global restructuring program (the 2019 restructuring plan). in addition, on february 22, 2022, we increased and our board of directors approved cost estimates to complete additional activities identified under the program. the 2019 restructuring plan is expected to result in total pre-tax charges of approximately $425 million to $525 million and approximately $375 million to $475 million of these charges are expected to result in cash outlays. we expect the majority of activity associated with our 2019 restructuring plan to be substantially complete by the end of 2022. a substantial portion of the savings are being reinvested in strategic growth initiatives.
total restructuring and restructuring-related net charges pursuant to this program were $172 million in 2021 and $116 million in 2020. in addition, on november 17, 2020, we announced a global, voluntary recall of all unused inventory of our lotus edgetm aortic valve system, and our decision to retire the entire lotustm valve platform. we recorded restructuring and restructuring-related net charges associated with the product discontinuation of $20 million in 2021 and $55 million in 2020. the restructuring activities were completed in 2021 and resulted in total pre-tax restructuring and restructuring-related net charges of approximately $80 million. see note h - restructuring-related activities to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for additional details on our restructuring plans.
we recorded litigation-related net charges of $430 million in 2021, primarily related to ongoing litigation associated with our transvaginal surgical mesh products principally in the u.s. and australia, as well as anticipated legal fees to defend certain other legal matters. we increased the accrual associated with transvaginal mesh claims to account for increased settlement and litigation activity related to the remaining cases and claims we face, our revision of the per-case settlement amount for these cases based on recent settlement and litigation activity and changes to our expectations regarding the rate of incoming cases and claims.
we recorded litigation-related net charges of $278 million in 2020, primarily related to transvaginal surgical mesh product litigation, inclusive of a reserve related to claims made by a coalition of state attorneys general, which has since been settled.
we continue to assess certain litigation and claims to determine the amounts, if any, that management believes will be paid as a result of such claims and litigation, and therefore, additional losses may be accrued and paid in the future, which could materially adversely impact our operating results, cash flows and/or our ability to comply with the financial covenant required by our credit agreements. refer to note k - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for additional discussion of our material legal proceedings.
gain on disposal of businesses and assets we recorded gains on disposal of businesses and assets of $78 million in 2021. the gain related primarily to the sale of certain intellectual property, as well as subsequent adjustments associated with the divestitures of our global embolic microspheres business in 2019, our intrauterine health business in 2020, and specialty pharmaceutical business in 2021. we did not record any gains (losses) on disposal of businesses and assets in 2020.
interest expense the following table provides a summary of our interest expense and average borrowing rate:
interest expense decreased and our average borrowing rate remained flat in 2021, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to refinancing short-term, floating rate debt to long-term fixed rate senior notes during the second quarter of 2020 as well as a lower balance of outstanding debt, due to prepayments made in the fourth quarter of 2020. interest expense and our average borrowing rate decreased in 2020, as compared to 2019, primarily due to our euro-denominated senior notes offering in november 2019, which carry lower interest rates than the senior notes we partially repaid with proceeds from the offering. in addition, in 2019, we incurred debt extinguishment charges of $86 million presented in interest expense in our consolidated statements of operations associated with repayments of debt using proceeds from our november 2019 offering. refer to liquidity and capital resources in this item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and note e - hedging activities and fair value measurements and note f - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for information regarding our debt obligations.
other, net the following are the components of other, net:
in 2021, in connection with our acquisitions of farapulse, preventice and devoro medical, inc. we remeasured the fair value of our previously-held interests in the acquired companies, which resulted in $475 million of gains recognized in other, net. in addition, we recorded a loss of $178 million in 2021, and a gain of $363 million in 2020 on our investment in pulmonx corporation (pulmonx) presented in other, net associated with the remeasurement of our investment to fair value based on observable market prices, as well as the disposition of our remaining ownership.
the gains on previously held interests are included within acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits) and the pulmonx net gain (loss) is included in investment portfolio net losses (gains) presented in the reconciliation of our results of operations prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap to those adjusted results considered by management. refer to financial summary for the reconciliation and additional information for a discussion of management's use of non-gaap financial measures.
tax rate the following table provides a summary of our reported tax rate:
impact of certain receipts/charges(1)           13.0   %                 8.3   %                   594.2   %
the change in our reported tax rate for 2021, as compared to 2020, relates primarily to the jurisdictional mix of earnings and the impact of certain receipts and charges that are taxed at different rates than our effective tax rate. these receipts and charges include acquisition/divestiture-related net charges, restructuring and restructuring-related net charges, litigation-related net charges, as well as certain discrete tax items primarily related to the resolution of an internal revenue service (irs) audit, as explained below, tax windfall benefits associated with share-based payments, and impacts of the coronavirus aid, relief and economic security (cares) act, enacted on march 27, 2020.
in 2020, we received notification from the irs regarding the examination of our 2014 through 2016 tax years stating that the joint committee on taxation completed its review, and the irs examination was resolved. due to the resolution of these tax years, we recorded a net tax benefit of $91 million to release the reserves related to these years. we received a refund of $62 million from the irs reflecting the net balance of amounts owed to us by the irs after consideration of tax and interest due for these years.
economic stimulus legislation has been enacted in many countries in response to the covid-19 pandemic. in the u.s., the cares act was signed into law on march 27, 2020 and provided an estimated $2.2 trillion in covid-19 pandemic related relief, and included tax relief and government loans, subsidies and other relief for entities in affected industries. while we did not apply for government loans, we took advantage of the benefits offered in multiple jurisdictions, including the u.s. provision allowing taxpayers to defer payment of the employer portion of certain payroll taxes through the end of 2020. this allowed us to preserve cash generated from operations to service our debt obligations and other near-term commitments.
see note j - income taxes to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for additional details on our tax rate.
liquidity and capital resources based on our current business plan, we believe our existing balance of cash and cash equivalents, future cash generated from operations, access to capital markets and existing credit facilities will be sufficient to fund our operations, invest in our infrastructure, pay our legal-related liabilities, pay taxes due, service and repay our existing debt and fund possible acquisitions for the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future. on february 14, 2022, we funded the acquisition of baylis medical company, inc. for $1.750 billion using cash on hand. please refer to contractual obligations and commitments below for additional details on our future payment obligations and commitments.
in 2021, we entered into a new $2.750 billion revolving credit facility (2021 revolving credit facility) with a global syndicate of commercial banks and terminated our previous facility (2018 revolving credit facility). the 2021 revolving credit facility will mature on may 10, 2026, with one-year extension options, subject to certain conditions. this facility provides backing for our commercial paper program, and outstanding commercial paper directly reduces borrowing capacity under the 2021 revolving credit facility. there were no amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2021 or december 31, 2020
in 2020, due to the uncertainty of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business, we took proactive steps to reduce costs and ensure we remained in a strong position to support customers and patients as healthcare systems recovered and elective and semi-emergent procedures resumed. these actions included taking steps to manage outstanding borrowings and increase available liquidity, preemptively amending our financial covenant requirement for our outstanding credit arrangements, implementing significant cost reductions and slowing planned capital expenditures. we also created a cross-functional strategic cash management team to take appropriate actions to ensure we continue to optimize funds to execute our core mission.
as of december 31, 2021, we had $1.925 billion of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents on hand, comprised of $1.632 billion invested in money market funds and time deposits and $293 million in interest bearing and non-interest-bearing bank accounts. we invest excess cash on hand in short-term financial instruments that earn at market interest rates while mitigating principal risk through instrument and counterparty diversification, as well as what we believe to be prudent instrument selection. we limit our direct exposure to securities in any one industry or issuer. as of december 31, 2021, we had no commercial paper debt outstanding, resulting in an additional $2.750 billion of available liquidity.
for additional details related to our debt obligations, including our financial covenant requirement, refer to note f - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k, which is incorporated herein by reference.
the following provides a summary and description of our net cash inflows (outflows):
cash provided by (used for) operating activities            $1,870                      $1,508                      $1,836
operating activities in 2021, cash provided by operating activities increased $362 million, as compared to 2020. this increase was primarily due to comparatively higher net sales and operating income compared to the same period in the prior year. in 2020, cash provided by operating activities decreased $328 million, as compared to 2019. this decrease was primarily due to revenue declines resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by implementation of spend controls. in addition, included in 2020 was a settlement payment related to litigation with channel medsystems, inc., whereas 2019 included a litigation-related receipt of $180 million from edwards lifesciences corporation.
investing activities in 2021, cash used for investing activities primarily included payments for acquisitions of $2.258 billion and purchases of property, plant and equipment and internal use software of $554 million partially offset by proceeds of $826 million from the divestiture of the specialty pharmaceuticals business, net proceeds from investments and acquisitions of certain technologies of $279 million and proceeds from royalty rights of $82 million.
in 2020, cash used for investing activities primarily included purchases of property, plant and equipment and internal use software of $376 million, payments for investments and acquisitions of certain technologies of $146 million, partially offset by proceeds from royalty rights of $87 million.
financing activities in 2021, cash used by financing activities primarily included payments for royalty rights of $85 million and cash dividends paid on preferred stock of $55 million partially offset by proceeds from issuances of shares of common stock pursuant to employee stock compensation and purchase plans of $110 million.
in 2020, our cash flows provided by financing activities reflect issuances and repayments of debt, including our senior notes, term loans, commercial paper program and 2021 revolving credit facility as well as net proceeds from issuances of our common stock and preferred stock in connection with public offerings, payments for repurchase of common stock and proceeds from issuances of shares of common stock pursuant to employee stock compensation and purchase plans as discussed in note l - stockholders' equity to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k.
in addition, our financing activities included payment of contingent consideration previously established in purchase accounting of $15 million in 2021 and $49 million in 2020 and payments for royalty rights of $85 million in 2021 and $97 million in 2020.
our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in item 1a. risk factors of this annual report on form 10-k, some of which are outside our control. macroeconomic conditions, adverse tax and litigation matter outcomes and other risks and uncertainties could limit our ability to successfully execute our business plans and adversely affect our liquidity plans.
debt the following table presents the current and long-term portions of our total debt:
as of
the following table presents the portions of our total debt that are comprised of fixed and variable rate debt instruments, which are presented on an amortized cost basis:
as of
as of and through december 31, 2021, we were in compliance with the financial covenant required by the credit facilities described above. for additional details related to our debt obligations, including our financial covenant requirements, refer to note f - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k.
equity on may 27, 2020, we completed an offering of 10,062,500 shares of 5.50% mandatory convertible preferred stock, series a (mcps) at a price to the public and liquidation preference of $100 per share. the net proceeds from the mcps offering were approximately $975 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. on may 27, 2020, we also completed an offering of 29,382,500 shares of our common stock at a public offering price of $34.25 per share. the net proceeds from the common stock offering were approximately $975 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses.
in addition, during 2021 we received $110 million in proceeds from stock issuances related to our stock option and employee stock purchase plans, as compared to $111 million in 2020. proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options and employee stock purchases vary from period to period based upon, among other factors, fluctuations in the trading price of our common stock and in the exercise and stock purchase patterns of employees. stock-based compensation expense related to our stock ownership plans was $194 million in 2021 and $170 million in 2020. stock-based compensation expense varies from period to period based upon, among other factors, the timing, number and fair value of awards granted during the period, forfeiture levels related to unvested awards and employee contributions to our employee stock purchase plan, as well as the retirement eligibility of stock award recipients.
on january 25, 2013, our board of directors approved and on january 29, 2013, we announced a program authorizing the repurchase of up to $1.000 billion of our common stock (2013 share repurchase program). in the fourth quarter of 2020, we repurchased approximately 15.7 million shares of our common stock pursuant to the 2013 share repurchase program for a total of approximately $535 million in cash, which represented the full amount remaining under that authorization.
on december 14, 2020, our board of directors approved a new stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to $1.000 billion of our common stock (2020 share repurchase program).
we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during 2021 and as of december 31, 2021, we had the full amount remaining available under the 2020 share repurchase program. there were approximately 263 million shares in treasury as of december 31, 2021 and 263 million shares in treasury as of december 31, 2020.
(1)  debt obligations are comprised of our senior notes outstanding as of december 31, 2021. this does not include unamortized debt issuance discounts, deferred financing costs and gain on fair value hedges or finance lease obligations. refer to note f - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report for additional information.
(2) in accordance with u.s. gaap, these obligations relate primarily to expenses associated with future periods and, with the exception of $83 million of accrued interest, are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2021. interest payments included above are calculated based on rates and required fees applicable to our outstanding debt obligations as of december 31, 2021 described in note f - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report. interest payments above do not include interest on variable rate debt instruments.
(3)    timing of payment for our long-term liability for legal matters that are probable and estimable of $284 million is uncertain and as such it is excluded from the table above. refer to note k - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for more information, the amounts in the table above with respect to purchase obligations relate primarily to non-cancellable inventory commitments and capital expenditures entered in the normal course of business.
any future obligations to make payments of contingent consideration pursuant to certain of our acquisition agreements, due to the exact amount and timing of payments being uncertain. refer to note b - acquisitions and strategic investments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for more information,
adjustments to increase our estimated one-time transition tax totaling $91 million, which are pending review by the u.s. internal revenue service (irs), and unrecognized tax benefits, accrued interest and penalties and other related items totaling $103 million because the timing of their future cash settlement is uncertain. refer to note j - income taxes to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for more information,
with certain of our acquisitions, we acquired ipr&d projects that require future funding to complete. we estimate that the total remaining cost to complete acquired ipr&d projects is between $40 million and $50 million. net cash inflows from the projects currently in development are expected to continue through 2039, following the respective launches of these technologies in the u.s., europe and japan. certain of our acquisitions also involve the potential payment of contingent consideration, but the timing and amounts are uncertain. see note b - acquisitions and strategic investments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for more information,
holders of our mcps will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors, or an authorized committee thereof, out of funds legally available for payment, cumulative dividends at the annual rate of 5.50% of the liquidation preference of $100 per share, payable in cash or, subject to certain limitations, by delivery of shares of common stock or any combination of cash and shares of common stock, at our election; provided, however, that any unpaid dividends on the mcps will continue to accumulate as described in the certificate of designations, and
on february 14, 2022, we completed our acquisition of baylis medical company inc. (baylis medical) for an upfront cash payment of $1.750 billion. refer to note b - acquisitions and strategic investments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
legal matters for a discussion of our material legal proceedings see note k - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates our financial results are affected by the selection and application of accounting policies and methods. we have adopted accounting policies to prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap.
to prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap, management makes estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of our assets and liabilities, including our contingent liabilities, as of the date of our financial statements and the reported amounts of our revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. our actual results may differ from these estimates. we consider estimates to be critical (i) if we are required to make assumptions about material matters that are uncertain at the time of estimation or (ii) if materially different estimates could have been made or it is reasonably likely that the accounting estimate will change from period to period. the following are areas considered to be critical and require management's judgment: revenue recognition, bad debt reserves, inventory provisions, valuation of intangible assets and contingent consideration liability, goodwill valuation, legal and product liability accruals and income taxes.
see note a - significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information related to our accounting policies and our consideration of these critical accounting areas.
revenue recognition deferred revenue we record a contract liability, or deferred revenue, when we have an obligation to provide a product or service to the customer and payment is received or due in advance of our performance. when we sell a device with a future service obligation, we defer revenue on the unfulfilled performance obligation and recognize this revenue over the related service period. generally, we do not have observable evidence of the standalone selling price related to our future service obligations; therefore, we estimate the selling price using an expected cost plus a margin approach. we allocate the transaction price using the relative standalone selling price method. the use of alternative estimates could result in a different amount of revenue deferral.
our contractual liabilities are primarily composed of deferred revenue related to the latitudetm patient management system within our cardiac rhythm management (crm) business, for which revenue is recognized over the average service period based on device and patient longevity. our contractual liabilities also include deferred revenue related to the lux-dxtm insertable cardiac monitor (icm) system, also within our crm business, for which revenue is recognized over the average service period based on device longevity and usage. the use of alternative assumptions could impact the period over which revenue is recognized.
variable consideration we generally allow our customers to return defective, damaged and, in certain cases, expired products for credit. we base our estimate for sales returns upon historical trends and record the amount as a reduction to revenue when we sell the initial product. in addition, we may allow customers to return previously purchased products for next-generation product offerings. for these transactions, we defer recognition of revenue on the sale of the earlier generation product based upon an estimate of the amount of product to be returned when the next-generation products are shipped to the customer. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls and variation in product utilization all affect our estimates related to sales returns and could cause actual returns to differ from these estimates.
we also offer sales rebates and discounts to certain customers and record these as a reduction of revenue and classify the corresponding liability as current. we estimate rebates for products where there is sufficient historical information available to predict the volume of expected future rebates. if we are unable to reasonably estimate the expected rebates, we record a liability for the maximum rebate percentage offered.
post-implant services we provide non-contractual services to customers to ensure the safe and effective use of certain implanted devices. we forward accrue the costs to provide these services at the time the devices are sold by estimating the amount of time spent by our representatives performing these services and their compensation throughout the device life to determine the service cost. changes to our business practice or the use of alternative estimates could result in a different amount of accrued cost.
inventory provisions we base our provisions for excess, expired and obsolete inventory primarily on our estimates of forecasted net sales. a significant change in the timing or level of demand for our products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess, expired and obsolete inventory in the future. further, the industry in which we participate is characterized by rapid product development and frequent new product introductions. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls and variation in product utilization all affect our estimates related to excess, expired and obsolete inventory.
valuation of intangible assets and contingent consideration liability we base the fair value of identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination, including ipr&d, on detailed valuations that use information and assumptions provided by management, which consider management's best estimates of inputs and assumptions that a market participant would use. further, for those arrangements that involve potential future contingent consideration, we record on the date of acquisition a liability equal to the fair value of the estimated additional consideration we may be obligated to pay in the future. we re-measure this liability each reporting period and record changes in the fair value through a separate line item within our consolidated statements of operations. increases or decreases in the fair value of the contingent consideration liability can result from changes in discount rates, periods, timing and amount of projected revenue or timing or likelihood of achieving regulatory, revenue or commercialization-based milestones. the use of alternative valuation assumptions, including estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows, discount rates, useful life or probability of achieving clinical, regulatory or revenue-based milestones could result in different purchase price allocations and recognized amortization expense and contingent consideration expense or benefit in current and future periods.
we review intangible assets subject to amortization quarterly to determine if any adverse conditions exist or a change in circumstances has occurred that would indicate impairment or adjustment to the remaining useful life. if we determine it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired based on our qualitative assessment of impairment indicators, we test the intangible asset for recoverability. if the carrying value of the intangible asset is determined not recoverable, we will write the carrying value down to fair value in the period the impairment is identified. we calculate fair value of our intangible assets as the present value of estimated future cash flows we expect to generate from the asset using a risk-adjusted discount rate. the use of alternative assumptions, including estimated cash flows, discount rates and alternative estimated remaining useful lives could result in different calculations of impairment.
in addition, we test our indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually for impairment and reassess their classification as indefinite-lived assets, or more frequently if indicators exist. we assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that our indefinite-lived intangible assets are impaired. if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired, we then determine the fair value of the intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value with the carrying value in accordance with fasb asc topic 350, intangibles - goodwill and other (fasb asc topic 350). if the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset, we write the carrying value down to fair value. the use of alternative valuation assumptions, including estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows and discount rates could result in different fair value estimates.
goodwill valuation we test our goodwill balances in the second quarter of each year as of april 1 for impairment, or more frequently if impairment indicators are present or changes in circumstances suggest an impairment may exist. we performed our annual goodwill impairment test for all of our reporting units and concluded that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value.
we assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. we identified the following reporting units in our 2021 annual goodwill impairment test: interventional cardiology, peripheral interventions, cardiac rhythm management, electrophysiology, endoscopy, urology and pelvic health and neuromodulation. we aggregated the cardiac rhythm management and electrophysiology reporting units, components of the rhythm management operating segment, based on the criteria prescribed in fasb asc topic 350.
in 2021, we utilized the quantitative assessment approach to test all of our reporting units. in addition, we assessed recent events, including the covid-19 pandemic, as well as changes in macroeconomic factors, industry and market conditions, overall financial performance and other entity-specific factors. after assessing the totality of events, when performing our annual goodwill impairment test, we determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of each of our reporting units had sufficient excess over its carrying value, and concluded that goodwill was not impaired or at risk of impairment.
when allocating goodwill from business combinations to our reporting units, we assign goodwill to the reporting units that we expect to benefit from the respective business combination at the time of acquisition. in addition, for purposes of performing our goodwill impairment tests, assets and liabilities, including corporate assets, which relate to a reporting unit's operations, and would be considered in determining its fair value, are allocated to the individual reporting units. we allocate assets and liabilities not directly related to a specific reporting unit, but from which the reporting unit benefits, based primarily on the respective revenue contribution of each reporting unit.
in performing annual impairment assessments, when a quantitative test is performed, we typically use only the income approach, specifically the discounted cash flow method, to derive the fair value of each of our reporting units in preparing our goodwill impairment assessments. we historically selected this method as being the most meaningful in preparing our goodwill assessments because we believe the income approach most appropriately measures our income producing assets. we have considered using the market approach and cost approach but concluded they are not appropriate in valuing our reporting units given the lack of relevant market comparisons available for application of the market approach and the inability to replicate the value of the specific technology-based assets within our reporting units for application of the cost approach. therefore, we believe that the income approach represents the most appropriate valuation technique for which sufficient data are available to determine the fair value of our reporting units.
in applying the income approach to our accounting for goodwill, we make assumptions about the amount and timing of future expected cash flows, terminal value growth rates and appropriate discount rates. the amount and timing of future cash flows within our discounted cash flow analysis is based on our most recent operational budgets, long range strategic plans and other estimates. the terminal value growth rate reflects our best estimates for stable, perpetual growth of our reporting units. we use estimates of market-participant risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital as a basis for determining the discount rates to apply to our reporting units' future expected cash flows.
although we use consistent methodologies in developing the assumptions and estimates underlying the fair value calculations used in our impairment tests, these estimates are uncertain by nature and can vary from actual results. the use of alternative valuation assumptions, including estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows and discount rates could result in different fair value estimates.
future events that could have a negative impact on the levels of excess fair value over carrying value of our reporting units include, but are not limited to, the following:
decreases in estimated market sizes or market growth rates due to greater-than-expected declines in procedural volumes inclusive of those resulting from the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, pricing pressures, reductions in reimbursement levels, product actions and/or competitive technology developments,
declines in our market share and penetration assumptions due to increased competition, an inability to develop or launch new and next-generation products and technology features in line with our commercialization strategies and market and/or regulatory conditions that may cause significant launch delays or product recalls,
decreases in our forecasted profitability due to an inability to implement successfully and achieve timely and sustainable cost improvement measures consistent with our expectations,
negative developments in intellectual property litigation that may impact our ability to market certain products or increase our costs to sell certain products,
the level of success of ongoing and future research and development efforts, including those related to acquisitions and increases in the research and development costs necessary to obtain regulatory approvals and launch new products,
the level of success in managing the growth of acquired companies, achieving sustained profitability consistent with our expectations, establishing government and third-party payer reimbursement, supplying the market and increases in the costs and time necessary to integrate acquired businesses into our operations successfully,
changes in our reporting units or in the structure of our business as a result of future reorganizations, acquisitions or divestitures of assets or businesses and
increases in our market-participant risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital (wacc) and increases in our market-participant tax rate and/or changes in tax laws or macroeconomic conditions.
negative changes in one or more of these factors, among others, could result in future impairment charges.
legal and product liability accruals in the normal course of business, we are involved in various legal and regulatory proceedings, including intellectual property, breach of contract, securities litigation and product liability suits. in some cases, the claimants seek damages, as well as other relief, which, if granted, could require significant expenditures or impact our ability to sell our products. we accrue anticipated costs of settlement, damages, losses for product liability claims and, under certain conditions, costs of defense, based on historical experience or to the extent specific losses are probable and estimable. otherwise, we expense these costs as incurred. if the estimate of a probable loss is a range and no amount within the range is more likely, we accrue the minimum amount of the range. litigation and product liability matters are inherently uncertain, and the outcomes of individual matters are difficult to predict and quantify. as such, significant judgment is required in determining our legal and product liability accruals. our estimates related to our legal and product liability accruals may change as additional information becomes available to us, including information related to the nature or existence of claims against us, trial court or appellate proceedings, and mediation, arbitration or settlement proceedings.
income taxes we establish reserves when we believe that certain positions are likely to be challenged despite our belief that our tax return positions are fully supportable. the calculation of our tax liabilities involves significant judgment based on individual facts, circumstances and information available in addition to applying complex tax regulations in various jurisdictions across our global operations. under u.s. gaap, in order to recognize an uncertain tax benefit, the taxpayer must determine it is more likely than not the position will be sustained, and the measurement of the benefit is calculated as the largest amount that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon resolution of the benefit. although we believe that we have adequately provided for liabilities resulting from tax assessments by taxing authorities, positions taken by these tax authorities could have a material impact on our effective tax rate, results of operations, financial position and/or cash flows.
as part of the tax cut and jobs act (tcja), we are subject to a territorial tax system in which we are required to establish an accounting policy in providing for tax on global intangible low taxed income (gilti) earned by certain foreign subsidiaries. we have elected to treat the impact of gilti as a period cost and report it as a part of continuing operations.
new accounting pronouncements refer to note r - new accounting pronouncements to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information on standards implemented during 2021 and standards to be implemented.
additional information corporate sustainability our sustainable environmental, social and governance practices underpin all aspects of our global business. our approach is aligned with the united nations sustainable development goals and our material topics and practices are informed by a broad range of internal and external stakeholders - locally, nationally and globally. our employees around the world work with suppliers and other organizations that share our commitment to these practices that help address issues related to health inequity, economic disparity, climate change and environmental protection. these efforts are supported by our cross-functional corporate social responsibility steering committee, our corporate social responsibility council, our environmental health and safety teams and policies, our global council for inclusion, as well as our local, regional and national employee and community engagement programs. in addition, our executive committee performance is measured, among other things, against global gender and u.s. (inclusive of puerto rico) multicultural goals and performance against annual renewable energy and recycling index goals.
we are also making measurable progress toward shaping a better future for our planet by proactively addressing energy consumption, carbon emissions and waste management. we have committed to a goal of carbon neutrality in our manufacturing and key distribution sites by 2030. our environment, health & safety (eh&s) center of excellence is responsible for rigorously measuring, assessing and reporting progress toward these goals globally. we are focused on a "c3" strategy: cutting energy use, converting to renewable energy sources and compensating with carbon offset projects where needed. our corporate headquarters, u.s. distribution center and our manufacturing plant in puerto rico all utilize solar energy from on-site installations. our goal is to fully source or generate electricity from renewable sources by 2024, and by 2027, our goal is that 90 percent of all energy used across our facilities, including electricity and natural gas, will be from renewable sources, representing an important milestone toward our 2030 carbon neutrality commitment.
we have obtained iso 50001:2018 - energy management systems certification for our corporate headquarters in marlborough, massachusetts, our u.s. distribution center in quincy, massachusetts and our manufacturing plant in spencer, indiana. this brings the total number of iso 50001:2018 certified sites in our global network to nine. we have also obtained iso 14001:2015 - environment management systems certification at our major manufacturing plants and tier 1 distribution centers around the world, as well as our corporate headquarters in marlborough, massachusetts. additionally, we have obtained iso 45001:2018 occupational health and safety management system at four of our manufacturing sites. iso 45001:2018, iso 50001:2018 and iso 14001:2015 are globally recognized standards for employee occupational health and safety, environmental and energy management systems, established by the international standards organization, which provide a voluntary framework to identify key occupational health and safety, environmental and energy aspects associated with our business. using these management systems and the specific attributes of our certified locations in the u.s., ireland, costa rica and the netherlands, we continue to improve our environmental performance and reduce our environmental footprint. we also have 16 leadership in energy and environmental design (leed) certified buildings on campuses in the u.s., latin america, europe and asia. leed is an internationally recognized certification program that seeks to ensure the mindful development, construction and maintenance of buildings in a way that benefits occupants and the environment by reducing waste and conserving resources.
in 2021, we were proud to be the recipient of multiple awards that placed us in a select group of companies with a demonstrated commitment to responsible business practices and sound social and environmental policies. we were selected for inclusion in the 2021 dow jones sustainability north america index, comprised of sustainability leaders identified by s&p based on performance across long-term environmental, social and governance and economic criteria. we were also honored to be the recipient of multiple diversity, equity an inclusion (de&i) awards, as detailed within item 1. business in this annual report on form 10-k.
cybersecurity we have established controls and procedures to escalate enterprise level issues, including cybersecurity matters, to the appropriate management levels within our organization and our board of directors, or members or committees thereof, as appropriate. under our framework, cybersecurity issues, including those involving vulnerabilities introduced by our use of third-party software, are analyzed by subject matter experts and a crisis committee for potential financial, operational, and reputational risks, based on, among other factors, the nature of the matter and breadth of impact. matters determined to present potential material impacts to our financial results, operations, and/or reputation are immediately reported by management to the board of directors, or individual members or committees thereof, as appropriate, in accordance with our escalation framework. in addition, we have established procedures to ensure that members of management responsible for overseeing the effectiveness of disclosure controls are informed in a timely manner of known cybersecurity risks and incidents that may materially impact our operations and that timely public disclosure is made, as appropriate.
use of non-gaap financial measures to supplement our consolidated financial statements presented on a gaap basis, we disclose certain non-gaap financial measures, including adjusted net income (loss), adjusted net income (loss) available to common stockholders and adjusted net income (loss) per share that exclude certain amounts, and operational net sales, which exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. these non-gaap financial measures are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states and should not be considered in isolation from or as a replacement for the most directly comparable gaap financial measures. further, other companies may calculate these non-gaap financial measures differently than we do, which may limit the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes.
the gaap financial measure most directly comparable to adjusted net income (loss), adjusted net income (loss) available to common stockholders and adjusted net income (loss) per share are gaap net income (loss), gaap net income (loss) available to common stockholders and gaap net income (loss) per common share - assuming dilution, respectively.
to calculate operational net sales growth rates, which exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, we convert actual net sales from local currency to u.s. dollars using constant foreign currency exchange rates in the current and prior periods. the gaap financial measure most directly comparable to operational net sales and operational net sales growth is net sales and net sales growth on a gaap basis.
reconciliations of each of these non-gaap financial measures to the corresponding gaap financial measure are included in the relevant sections of this annual report on form 10-k.
management uses these supplemental non-gaap financial measures to evaluate performance period over period, to analyze the underlying trends in our business, to assess our performance relative to our competitors and to establish operational goals and forecasts that are used in allocating resources. in addition, management uses these non-gaap financial measures to further its understanding of the performance of our operating segments. the adjustments excluded from our non-gaap financial measures are consistent with those excluded from our operating segments' measures of net sales and profit or loss. these adjustments are excluded from the segment measures reported to our chief operating decision maker that are used to make operating decisions and assess performance.
we believe that presenting adjusted net income (loss), adjusted net income (loss) available to common stockholders adjusted net income (loss) per share that exclude certain amounts, and operational net sales growth rates that exclude the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, in addition to the corresponding gaap financial measures, provides investors greater transparency to the information used by management for its operational decision-making and allows investors to see our results "through the eyes" of management. we further believe that providing this information assists our investors in understanding our operating performance and the methodology used by management to evaluate and measure such performance.
the following is an explanation of each of the adjustments that management excluded as part of these non-gaap financial measures as well as reasons for excluding each of these individual items. in each case, management has excluded the item for purposes of calculating the relevant non-gaap financial measure to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to our past operating performance:
amortization expense - we record intangible assets at historical cost and amortize them over their estimated useful lives. amortization expense is excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and is also excluded from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges - these amounts represent write-downs of certain goodwill and/or other intangible asset balances. we review intangible assets subject to amortization quarterly to determine if any adverse conditions exist or a change in circumstances has occurred that would indicate impairment and test our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually for impairment. if we determine the carrying value of the amortizable intangible asset is not recoverable, goodwill of a reporting unit is impaired or it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired, we will write the carrying value down to fair value in the period identified. impairment charges are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits) - these adjustments may consist of (a) contingent consideration fair value adjustments; (b) gains on previously held investments; (c) due diligence, deal fees and other fees and costs related to our acquisition and divestiture transactions; (d) inventory step-up amortization and accelerated compensation expense; (e) integration and exit costs; and (f) separation costs and gains or losses primarily associated with the sale of a business or portion of a business. the contingent consideration fair value adjustments represent accounting adjustments to state contingent consideration liabilities at their estimated fair value. these adjustments can be highly variable depending on the assessed likelihood and amount of future contingent consideration. gains on previously held investments, due diligence, deal fees and other fees and costs, inventory step-up amortization, accelerated compensation expense, and other expenses and gains or losses associated with divestitures or acquisitions can be highly variable and not representative of ongoing operations. integration, separation and exit costs, include contract cancellations, severance and other compensation-related charges and costs, project management fees and costs, and other direct costs associated with the integration of our acquisitions or separation of our divested businesses. these integration, separation and exit activities take place over a defined timeframe and have distinct project timelines, are incremental to activities and costs that arise in the ordinary course of our business and are not considered part of our core, ongoing operations. these acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits) are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits) - these adjustments primarily represent compensation-related charges, fixed asset write-offs, contract cancellations, project management fees and other direct costs associated with our restructuring plans. these restructuring plans each consist of distinct initiatives that are fundamentally different from our ongoing, core cost reduction initiatives in terms of, among other things, the frequency with which each action is performed and the required planning, resourcing, cost and timing. examples of such initiatives include the movement of business activities, facility consolidations and closures and the transfer of product lines between manufacturing facilities, which, due to the highly regulated nature of our industry, requires a significant investment in time and cost to create duplicate manufacturing lines, run product validations and seek regulatory approvals. restructuring initiatives take place over a defined timeframe and have a distinct project timeline that requires, and begins subsequent to, approval by our board of directors. in contrast to our ongoing cost reduction initiatives, restructuring initiatives typically result in duplicative cost and exit costs over the defined timeframe and are not considered part of our core, ongoing operations. in addition, during the fourth quarter of 2020, we incurred restructuring and restructuring-related net charges associated with management's decision to retire the lotus platform. these restructuring plans are incremental to the core activities that arise in the ordinary course of our business. restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits) are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
litigation-related net charges (credits) - these adjustments include certain significant product liability and other litigation-related charges and credits. we record these charges and credits, which we consider to be unusual or infrequent and significant, within the litigation-related charges line in our consolidated statements of operations; all other legal and product liability charges, credits and costs are recorded within selling general and administrative expenses. certain litigation-related net charges (credits) are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
eu mdr implementation costs - these adjustments represent certain incremental costs specific to complying with new regulatory requirements in the eu. eu mdr replaced the existing european medical devices directive (mdd) regulatory framework, and manufacturers of medical devices were required to comply with eu mdr beginning in may 2021 for new product registrations and by may 2024 for medical devices which have a valid ce certificate to the prior directives (issued before may 2021). we expect to incur significant expenditures in connection with the adoption of the eu mdr requirements and we consider the adoption of eu mdr to be a significant change to a regulatory framework, and therefore, these expenditures are not considered to be ordinary course expenditures in connection with regulatory matters. as such, certain of these costs are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
debt extinguishment net charges (credits) - these amounts relate to the early extinguishment of certain outstanding principal amounts of our senior notes. certain debt extinguishment net charges (credits) are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
investment portfolio net losses (gains) - these amounts represent write-downs or fair value remeasurement gains and losses related to our investment portfolio. each reporting period, we evaluate our investments without a readily determinable fair value to determine if there are any events or circumstances that are likely to have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of the investment. if we identify an impairment indicator, we will estimate the fair value of the investment and compare it to its carrying value and determine if the impairment is other-than-temporary, and recognize an impairment loss. in addition, for those investments accounted for under the measurement alternative method of accounting, we record gains and losses to remeasure the carrying value of the investments to their fair values based on observable market prices or implied market values. investment impairment charges and fair value remeasurements can be highly variable dependent on external market factors and conditions relative to the underlying investee, which are generally outside of the control of management, as such these amounts are excluded from management's assessment of performance.
deferred tax expenses (benefits) - this adjustment relates to a significant non-cash tax benefit arising from an intra-entity asset transfer of intellectual property completed in the fourth quarter of 2019 which resulted in our recording a $4.102 billion net deferred tax asset. the deferred tax benefit associated with the establishment of the net deferred tax asset as well as any deferred tax expense resulting from the reversal of the deferred tax asset are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
discrete tax items - these items represent adjustments of certain tax positions including those which a) are related to the finalization of the enactment date impact of the tcja, or b) are related to the tax consequences of a non-gaap adjustment item booked in a prior period. these discrete tax items are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
operational net sales excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations
the impact of foreign currency fluctuations is highly variable and difficult to predict. accordingly, management excludes the impact of foreign currency fluctuations for purposes of reviewing net sales and growth rates to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to our past operating performance.
rule 10b5-1 trading plans by executive officers periodically, certain of our executive officers adopt written stock trading plans in accordance with rule 10b5-1 under the exchange act and our own stock trading policy. a rule 10b5-1 trading plan is a written document that pre-establishes the amount, prices and dates (or formulas for determining the amounts, prices and dates) of future purchases or sales of our stock, including shares issued upon exercise of stock options or vesting of deferred stock units. these plans are entered into at a time when the person is not in possession of material non-public information about our company. we disclose details regarding individual rule 10b5-1 trading plans on the investor relations section of our website.
management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting as the management of boston scientific corporation, we are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. we designed our internal control process to provide reasonable assurance to management and the board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2021. in making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission in internal control-integrated framework (2013 framework). based on our assessment, we believe that, as of december 31, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting is effective at a reasonable assurance level based on these criteria.
in accordance with the sec staff 's interpretive guidance for newly acquired businesses, we are permitted to omit an assessment of an acquired business's internal control over financial reporting from our assessment of internal control for up to one year from the acquisition date. as such, we have excluded certain businesses, namely preventice solutions, inc. and the surgical business of lumenis, ltd., acquired during the year ended december 31, 2021 from our annual assessment of internal controls over financial reporting as of december 31, 2021. these represented less than one percent of total assets in the aggregate, as of december 31, 2021 and approximately two percent of net sales for the year then ended.
ernst & young llp, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. this report, in which they expressed an unqualified opinion, is included below.
/s/ michael f. mahoney                          /s/ daniel j. brennan michael f. mahoney                              daniel j. brennan chief executive officer                         executive vice president and chief financial officer report of independent registered public accounting firm to the stockholders and the board of directors of boston scientific corporation opinion on internal control over financial reporting we have audited boston scientific corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2021, based on criteria established in internal control-integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework) (the coso criteria). in our opinion, boston scientific corporation (the company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2021, based on the coso criteria.
as indicated in the accompanying management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting, management's assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of preventice solutions, inc. and the surgical business of lumenis, ltd., which are included in the 2021 consolidated financial statements of the company and constituted less than 1% of total assets as of december 31, 2021 and approximately 2% of revenues for the year then ended. our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of preventice solutions, inc. and the surgical business of lumenis, ltd.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob), the 2021 consolidated financial statements of the company and our report dated february 23, 2022 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
basis for opinion the company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting a company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. a company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.