management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." in addition to the adverse impacts and uncertainties from the covid-19 pandemic identified there, we continue to face additional possible adverse impacts, including those described below.
during the covid-19 pandemic, our medical segment experienced dramatically increased demand for and industry shortages of certain ppe, such as masks, gowns and gloves. this increased demand resulted in increased costs to manufacture and source these products, and ultimately, higher inventory levels. as a result, we have sought additional sources for these products and to mitigate the cost increases, we have raised our selling prices for affected products. during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021, selling prices and customer demand for certain ppe declined, which we expect to continue into fiscal year 2022. this has resulted in inventory reserves. our estimates for demand and selling prices are inherently uncertain and if demand or selling prices or other market dynamics decline in the future beyond our current assumptions, additional inventory reserves may be required, which would adversely impact medical segment profit.
additionally, pricing actions have mitigated the impact of the increased costs to manufacture and source ppe, as a result of the decreased demand and selling price, we may not be successful at continuing to mitigate the impact of these increased costs in the future.
within our pharmaceutical segment, covid-19-related volume declines have negatively impacted our pharmaceutical segment generics program, but are expected to moderate in fiscal year 2022. if demand for these products does not return to pre-covid-19 levels, or returns more slowly than anticipated, the negative impact could be more prolonged or significant than we currently expect.
federal, state and local government policies and initiatives designed to reduce the transmission of covid-19 also resulted in the cancellation or deferral of many elective medical procedures and some of our customers closing or severely curtailing their operations. while lower demand for surgical products resulting from reduced elective procedures had an adverse impact on medical segment profit during the first nine months of fiscal 2021, demand improved during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. if governmental policies designed to reduce the transmission of covid-19 return and demand for these procedures does not increase or decreases further, we could have less sales of the affected products and services than we currently expect. additionally, sustained changes in the manner in which patients access healthcare may result in shifts in consumer preferences that may not be favorable to us.
we cannot estimate the continued length or severity of the covid-19 pandemic or the related consequences on the u.s. and global economy and our business and operations, including whether and when normal economic and operating conditions will resume or the extent to which further disruption may impact our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flow. the covid-19 pandemic has also heightened other risks, including risks associated with competitive pressures, supplier relationships, international operations, regulatory and licensing, changes to the u.s. healthcare environment, cyber security, and access to capital markets.
legal, regulatory & compliance risks the public health crisis involving the abuse of prescription opioid pain medication and our efforts to resolve related claims could have additional or unexpected material negative effects on our business.
our pharmaceutical segment distributes prescription opioid pain medications. in recent years, the abuse of prescription opioid pain medication has become a public health crisis.
a significant number of states, counties, municipalities and other public plaintiffs, have filed lawsuits against pharmaceutical manufacturers, pharmaceutical wholesale distributors (including us), retail chains and others relating to the manufacturing, marketing or distribution of prescription opioid pain medications. in july 2021, we announced that, as a result of the previously disclosed settlement framework, we and two other national distributors have negotiated a proposed settlement agreement and settlement process that, if all conditions are satisfied (including the approval of the board of directors), would result in the settlement of the vast majority of opioid lawsuits filed by state and local governmental entities (the "proposed settlement agreement"). this proposed settlement agreement is subject to contingencies and there is no assurance that a sufficient number of states and subdivisions will agree to the proposed settlement agreement or that the required contingencies will be satisfied. it is possible that we may fail to reach a final settlement. for more information on the proposed settlement and other opioid-related litigation matters, see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
a trial in the case brought by the ohio attorney general is scheduled to begin in september 2021 and a trial in the case brought by the washington attorney general is scheduled to begin in november 2021. the ohio attorney general has issued a press released indicating support for the proposed settlement agreement; however, the washington attorney general has issued cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k risk factors a press release stating that washington will not agree to the proposed settlement agreement. these public announcements are not binding and there is no assurance that any state that has made a public announcement of support for the proposed settlement agreement will ultimately execute the proposed settlement agreement. it is also possible that, even if the proposed settlement agreement becomes effective, we could have trials for lawsuits brought by other states or subdivisions as well. west virginia subdivisions and native american tribes are not a part of this settlement process and we are involved in separate negotiations with these groups.
in addition to the claims addressed by the proposed settlement agreement, we are also being sued by private plaintiffs, such as unions, other health and welfare funds, hospital systems, other healthcare providers and individuals alleging personal injury for the same activities and could be named as a defendant in additional lawsuits.
we have received federal grand jury subpoenas issued in connection with investigations being conducted by the u.s. attorney's office for the eastern district of new york and the fraud section of the u.s. department of justice ("doj"). we have also received civil requests for information from other doj offices. we believe that these investigations concern operation of our anti-diversion program, our anti-diversion policies and procedures, and distribution of certain controlled substances.
the defense and resolution of current and future lawsuits and investigations are subject to uncertainty and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity, or our ability to pay dividends or repurchase our shares, beyond the amounts accrued. in addition, they could have adverse reputational or operational effects on our business.
other legislative, regulatory or industry measures related to the public health crisis involving the abuse of prescription opioid pain medication and the distribution of these medications could affect our business in ways that we may not be able to predict. for example, several states have now adopted or proposed taxes or other fees on the sale of opioids. these laws and proposals vary in the tax amounts imposed and the means of calculation. liabilities for taxes or assessments under any such laws could have an adverse impact on our results of operations unless we are able to mitigate them through operational changes or commercial arrangements where permitted.
ongoing unfavorable publicity regarding the abuse or misuse of prescription opioid pain medications and the role of wholesale distributors in the supply chain of such prescription medications, as well as the continued proliferation of the opioid lawsuits, investigations, regulations and legislative actions, and unfavorable publicity in relation to those lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our reputation or results of operations.
our business is subject to other rigorous quality, regulatory and licensing requirements.
as described in greater detail in the "business" section, products that we manufacture, source, distribute or market must comply with quality and regulatory requirements. noncompliance or concerns over noncompliance, including noncompliance by third-party contract manufacturers, may result in suspension of our ability to distribute, import, manufacture or source products, as well as product bans, recalls, safety alerts or seizures, or criminal or civil sanctions, which, in turn, could result in product liability claims and lawsuits, including class actions. in addition, it can be costly and time-consuming to obtain regulatory approvals or product registrations to market a medical device or other product, and such approvals or registrations might not be granted on a timely basis, if at all.
also as described in greater detail in the "business" section, our business is highly regulated in the united states, at both the federal and state level, and in foreign countries. if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements, or if allegations are made that we fail to comply, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
to lawfully operate our businesses, we are required to obtain and hold permits, product registrations, licenses and other regulatory approvals from, and to comply with operating and security standards of, numerous governmental bodies. for example, as a wholesale distributor of controlled substances, we must hold valid dea registrations and state-level licenses, meet various security and operating standards, and comply with the csa. failure to maintain or renew necessary permits, product registrations, licenses or approvals, or to comply with required standards, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we collect, handle and maintain patient-identifiable health information and other sensitive personal and financial information which are subject to federal, state and foreign laws that regulate the use and disclosure of such information. regulations currently in place continue to evolve, and new laws in this area could further restrict our ability to collect, handle and maintain personal or patient information, or could require us to incur additional compliance costs, either of which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. violations of federal, state or foreign laws concerning privacy and data protection could subject us to civil or criminal penalties, breach of contract claims, costs for remediation and harm to our reputation.
we are required to comply with laws relating to healthcare fraud and abuse. the requirements of these laws are complex and subject to varying interpretations. from time to time, regulatory authorities investigate our policies or practices, and may challenge them. we are periodically subject to federal or state government investigations or qui tam actions (false claims cases initiated by private parties purporting to act on behalf of federal or state governments), which could result in civil or criminal sanctions, including the loss of licenses or the ability to participate in medicare, medicaid and other federal and state healthcare programs or other remedial measures. for example, the united states attorney's office for the district of massachusetts and the department of health and human services, officer of inspector general have been conducting an investigation related to discounts and rebates offered or provided to certain specialty cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k risk factors solutions customers as a result of qui tam actions. for more information on this investigation, see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
some businesses within each of our segments are medicare-certified suppliers or participate in other federal and state healthcare programs, such as state medicaid programs and the federal 340b drug pricing program. in addition, some businesses manufacture pharmaceutical or medical products or repackage pharmaceuticals that are purchased or reimbursed through, or are otherwise governed by, federal or state healthcare programs. failure to comply with applicable eligibility requirements, standards and regulations could result in civil or criminal sanctions, including the loss of our ability to participate in medicare, medicaid and other federal and state healthcare programs.
industry participants, including us, rely on ethylene oxide ("eto") to sterilize certain medical products that we manufacture or distribute. regulatory actions have been taken by certain environmental regulatory authorities to reduce eto emissions during the sterilization and distribution process. if such measures become more widespread, we could experience increased costs to comply with reduced emissions standards and it is possible that we and other industry participants may be unable to effectively sterilize medical products, possibly resulting in industry-wide supply shortages or a reduction in surgical or medical procedures. such increased costs or industry-wide reductions in surgical and medical procedures would have a negative impact on our medical segment profit. it is also possible that these regulatory actions could adversely impact our ability to procure products to distribute, resulting in increased costs or industry supply disruptions.
our government contracts are subject to specific procurement requirements. failure to comply with applicable rules or regulations or with contractual or other requirements may result in monetary damages and criminal or civil penalties as well as termination of our government contracts or our suspension or debarment from government contract work.
our global operations (including transition services in connection with divestitures) are subject to the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa"), the u.k. bribery act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions and u.s. and foreign export control, trade embargo and customs laws. if we fail to comply, or are alleged to fail to comply, with any of these laws, we could be subject to investigations or suffer civil or criminal sanctions. for example, in february 2020, we paid approximately $8.4 million to the securities and exchange commission to settle charges that our internal controls were not sufficient to detect improper payments made by employees of our former china distribution business.
we could be subject to adverse changes in the tax laws or challenges to our tax positions.
we are a large multinational corporation with operations in the united states and many foreign countries. as a result, we are subject to the tax laws of many jurisdictions.
from time to time, proposals are made in the united states and other jurisdictions in which we operate that could adversely affect our tax positions, effective tax rate or tax payments. specific initiatives that may impact us include possible increases in u.s. or foreign corporate income tax rates or other changes in tax law to raise revenue, the repeal of the lifo (last-in, first-out) method of inventory accounting for income tax purposes, the establishment or increase in taxation at the u.s. state level on the basis of gross revenues, recommendations of the recently completed base erosion and profit shifting project undertaken by the organization for economic cooperation and development and the european commission's investigation into illegal state aid.
additionally, in connection with the $5.63 billion pre-tax charge for the opioid litigation taken in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, and the additional $1.17 billion pre-tax charge recorded in fiscal year 2021, we recorded net tax benefits of $488 million and $228 million, respectively, reflecting our current assessment of the estimated future deductibility of the amount that may be paid. we have made reasonable estimates and recorded amounts based on management's judgment and our current understanding of the tax act; however, these estimates require significant judgment.
the u.s. tax law governing deductibility was changed by the tax act and the tax authorities could challenge our interpretation of the tax act or the estimates and assumptions used to assess the future deductibility of these benefits, or tax law could change again. the actual amount of tax benefit related to uncertain tax positions may differ materially from these estimates. see note 7 of the "notes to consolidated financial statements" for more information regarding these matters.
in fiscal year 2021, our provision for income taxes reflects a $424 million benefit from the tax benefits of a net operating loss carryback under the cares act. also as a result of this net operating loss carryback, we have filed for a u.s. federal income tax refund of $974 million. in connection with this net operating loss carryback, certain industry participants, including us, received a letter from the u.s. house of representatives' committee on oversight and reform questioning, among other things, our plans to take tax deductions for opioid-related losses, including our use of the net operating loss carryback provisions under the cares act and deductibility under the tax act. we have responded to the letter. additionally, legislation has been proposed that would retroactively repeal the net operating loss carryback provision of the cares act. if these initiatives are successful, our effective tax rate could be adversely impacted.
we file income tax returns in the u.s. federal jurisdiction, various u.s. state jurisdictions and various foreign jurisdictions. with few exceptions, we are subject to audit by taxing authorities for fiscal years 2015 through the current fiscal year. tax laws are complex and subject to varying interpretations. tax authorities have challenged some of our tax positions for the periods from 2011 to 2014. during fiscal year 2021, we resolved all open matters with the irs for fiscal years 2008 to 2014, which also impacted reserves for later years. this resolution has resulted in an adjustment to our provision for income taxes. proposed adjustments in future audits may adversely affect our effective tax rate or tax payments.
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k risk factors changes to the u.s. healthcare environment may not be favorable to us.
over a number of years, the u.s. healthcare industry has undergone significant changes designed to increase access to medical care, improve safety and patient outcomes, contain costs and increase efficiencies. these changes include a general decline in medicare and medicaid reimbursement levels, efforts by healthcare insurance companies to limit or reduce payments to pharmacies and providers, the basis for payments beginning to transition from a fee-for-service model to value-based payments and risk-sharing models, and the industry shifting away from traditional healthcare venues like hospitals and into clinics, physician offices and patients' homes.
we expect the u.s. healthcare industry to continue to change significantly in the future. possible changes include further reduction or limitations on governmental funding at the state or federal level, efforts by healthcare insurance companies to further limit payments for products and services or changes in legislation or regulations governing prescription pharmaceutical pricing, healthcare services or mandated benefits. these possible changes, and the uncertainty surrounding these possible changes, may adversely affect us.
legal proceedings could adversely impact our cash flows or results of operations.
due to the nature of our business, which includes the distribution of controlled substances and other pharmaceutical products and the sourcing, marketing and manufacturing of medical products, we regularly become involved in disputes, litigation and regulatory matters. litigation is inherently unpredictable and the unfavorable outcome of legal proceedings could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
for example, we are subject to a number of lawsuits and investigations related to the national health crisis involving the abuse of opioid pain medication as described above in the risk factor titled "the public health crisis involving the abuse of prescription opioid pain medication and our efforts to resolve related claims could have additional or unexpected material negative effects on our business" and in note 7 to the "notes to consolidated financial statements."
additionally, some of the products that we distribute or manufacture have been and may in the future be alleged to cause personal injury, subjecting us to product liability claims. for example, we are a defendant in product liability lawsuits that allege personal injuries associated with the use of cordis optease and trapease inferior vena cava (ivc) filter products and in lawsuits alleging impurities in the active pharmaceutical ingredients in certain pharmaceutical products. in addition, product liability insurance for these types of claims is becoming more limited and may not be available to us at amounts that we historically have obtained or that we would like to obtain. it is possible that a settlement of or judgment for a product liability claim may not be covered by insurance or exceed available insurance recoveries. if this happens, and if any such settlement or judgment is in excess of any prior accruals, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
we also operate in an industry characterized by extensive intellectual property litigation. patent litigation can result in significant damage awards and injunctions that could prevent the manufacture and sale of affected products or force us to make royalty payments in order to continue selling the affected products.
business & operational risks our business and operations depend on the proper functioning of information systems, business processes, critical facilities and distribution networks.
we rely on our and third-party service providers' information systems for a wide variety of critical operations, including to obtain, rapidly process, analyze and manage data to:
•facilitate the purchase and distribution of inventory items from numerous distribution centers;
•manage accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers;
•facilitate manufacturing and assembly of medical products; and
•generate financial information.
our business also depends on the proper functioning of our and our suppliers' business processes, critical facilities, including our national logistics center, and our distribution networks. our results of operations could be adversely affected if our or a service provider's business processes, information systems, critical facilities or distribution networks are disrupted (including disruption of access), are damaged or fail, whether due to physical disruptions, such as fire, natural disaster, pandemic (as they have been by the covid-19 pandemic, as discussed above) or power outage, or due to cyber-security incidents, ransomware or other actions of third parties, including labor strikes or shortages, political unrest and terrorist attacks. manufacturing disruptions also can occur due to regulatory action, production quality deviations, safety issues or raw material shortages or defects, or because a key product or component is manufactured at a single manufacturing facility with limited alternate facilities.
from time to time, our businesses perform business process improvements or infrastructure modernizations or use service providers for key systems and processes, such as receiving and processing customer orders, customer service and accounts payable. for example, our pharmaceutical segment is currently engaged in a multi-year project to implement a replacement of certain finance and operating information systems and we recently transitioned certain finance processes to a third-party service provider. if any of these initiatives are not successfully or efficiently implemented or maintained, they could adversely affect our business and our internal control over financial reporting.
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k risk factors our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if we experience a cyber-attack or other systems breach.
our business relies on the secure transmission, storage and hosting of patient-identifiable health information, financial information and other sensitive protected information relating to our customers, company, workforce and individuals with whom we and our customers conduct business. we have programs in place to detect, contain and respond to information security incidents. however, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. in addition, hardware, software or applications developed internally or procured from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security.
unauthorized parties have gained access and will continue to attempt to gain access to our or a service provider's systems or facilities through fraud, trickery or other forms of deception. we have been the target of cyber attacks, including, in prior fiscal years, incidents where certain customer account information was accessed. although we do not believe these incidents had a material impact on us, similar incidents or events in the future may negatively impact our business, reputation or financial results.
any compromise of our or a service provider's information systems, including unauthorized access to or use or disclosure of sensitive information, could adversely impact our operations, results of operations or our ability to satisfy legal or regulatory requirements, including the eu general data protection regulation (gdpr) and those related to patient-identifiable health information and other sensitive personal and financial information as further described in the risk factor titled "our business is subject to rigorous regulatory and licensing requirements," above.
in addition, insurance for losses arising from cyber-attacks or other breaches is becoming more costly and limited and may not be available to us at amounts that we historically have obtained or that we would like to obtain. it is possible that we could incur losses that may not be covered by insurance or that would exceed available insurance recoveries. if this happens, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
cvs is a large customer that generates a significant amount of our revenue. cvs accounted for 26 percent of our fiscal 2021 revenue and 24 percent of our gross trade receivable balance at june 30, 2021. if cvs terminates the agreements due to an alleged default by us, defaults in payment or significantly reduces its purchases from us, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
our results of operations could be adversely impacted if we fail to manage and complete divestitures.
we regularly evaluate our portfolio of businesses to determine whether an asset or business may no longer help us meet our objectives or whether there may be a more advantaged owner for that business. for example, we recently completed the divestiture of our cordis business, and in the past few years, we have also divested our pharmaceutical and medical products distribution business in china and our ownership interest in navihealth, inc. when we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty finding buyers or alternative exit strategies, which could delay the achievement of our strategic objectives. we could also incur higher costs or charges than planned or incur unexpected charges and could experience greater dis-synergies than expected, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations.
our ability to manage and complete acquisitions could impact our strategic objectives and financial condition.
an important element of our growth strategy has been to acquire other businesses that expand or complement our existing businesses. completion of acquisitions and the integration of acquired businesses involve a number of risks, including the following: we may overpay for a business or fail to realize the synergies and other benefits we expect from the acquisition; our management's attention may be diverted to integration efforts; we may fail to retain key personnel of the acquired business; future developments may impair the value of our purchased goodwill or intangible assets; we may face difficulties or delays establishing, integrating or combining operations and systems, including manufacturing facilities; we may assume liabilities related to legal proceedings involving the acquired business; we may face challenges retaining the customers of the acquired business; or we may encounter unforeseen internal control, regulatory or compliance issues.
u.s. gaap requires us to test our goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. for our annual impairment test in fiscal 2021, the fair value of the medical unit (which includes the cordis disposal group) exceeded its carrying value by approximately three percent. this testing involves estimates and significant judgments by management. additional adverse changes in key assumptions, including current assumptions about the impact of the cordis divestiture and the covid-19 pandemic, including estimated demand and selling prices for ppe; an increase in the discount rate; a decrease in the terminal growth rate or increases in tax rates, among other things, could result in a goodwill impairment in our medical unit. for example, if we were to increase the discount rate by a hypothetical 0.5 percent, the carrying value of our medical unit would have exceeded the fair value by approximately one percent in fiscal 2021.
it is also possible that we may record significant charges related to other reporting units. any charge or charges could adversely affect our results of operations. see "critical accounting policies and sensitive accounting estimates" in md&a above for more information regarding goodwill impairment testing.
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k risk factors industry & economic risks we could continue to suffer the adverse effects of competitive pressures.
as described in greater detail in the "business" section, we operate in markets that are highly competitive and dynamic. in addition, competitive pressures in our pharmaceutical and medical segments may be increased by covid-19, new business models, new entrants, new regulations, changes in consumer demand or general competitive dynamics. our businesses face continued pricing pressure from these factors, which adversely affects our margins. if we are unable to offset margin reductions caused by these pricing pressures through steps such as sourcing or cost control measures, additional service offerings and sales of higher margin products, our results of operations could continue to be adversely affected.
our pharmaceutical segment's profit margin could be adversely affected by changes in industry or market dynamics that we are not able to accurately predict.
in fiscal year 2021, our pharmaceutical segment's generics program was negatively impacted by volume declines. as has been the case for several years, the frequency, timing, magnitude and profit impact of generic pharmaceutical customer purchase volumes, pricing changes, customer contract renewals, generic pharmaceutical launches, and generic pharmaceutical manufacturer pricing changes remain uncertain as does their impact on pharmaceutical segment profit and consolidated operating earnings. these factors have contributed to declines in some prior years and have more than offset the benefits from sourcing generic pharmaceuticals through our red oak sourcing venture with cvs. if performance of our generic pharmaceutical program declines in future fiscal years and we are unable to offset the decline, our pharmaceutical segment profit and consolidated operating earnings will be adversely affected.
with respect to branded pharmaceutical products, compensation under our contractual arrangements with manufacturers for the purchase of branded pharmaceutical products is generally based on the wholesale acquisition cost set by the manufacturer. sales prices of branded pharmaceutical products to our customers generally are a percentage discount from wholesale acquisition cost.
also, almost all of our distribution services agreements with branded pharmaceutical manufacturers provide that we receive fees from the manufacturers to compensate us for services we provide them. however, under certain agreements, branded pharmaceutical price appreciation, which is determined by the manufacturers also serves as a part of our compensation. in recent years, manufacturers have increased prices less than in prior years. if manufacturers, in the aggregate, change their historical approach to setting and increasing wholesale acquisition cost, decide to reduce prices, not to increase prices or to implement only small increases and we are unable to negotiate alternative ways to be compensated by manufacturers or customers for the value of our services, our margins could be adversely affected.
we depend on direct and indirect suppliers to make their products and raw materials available to us and are subject to fluctuations in costs, availability and regulatory risks associated with these products and raw materials.
we depend on others to manufacture some products that we market and distribute. our operations are also dependent on various components, compounds, raw materials and energy supplied by others. we purchase many of these components, raw materials and energy, and source certain products from numerous suppliers in various countries. in some instances, for reasons of quality assurance, cost effectiveness, or availability, we procure certain components and raw materials from a sole supplier. our supplier relationships could be interrupted, become less favorable to us or be terminated and the supply of these components, compounds, raw materials or products could be interrupted or become insufficient. these supply interruptions or other disruptions in manufacturing processes could be caused by events beyond our control, including natural disasters, supplier facility shut-downs, defective raw materials, the impact of epidemics or pandemics, such as covid-19, and actions by u.s. or international governments, including export restrictions or tariffs.
in addition, due to the stringent regulatory requirements regarding the manufacture and sourcing of our products, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement sources for certain components, materials or products. a sustained supply reduction or interruption, and an inability to develop alternative and additional sources for such supply, could result in lost sales, increased cost, damage to our reputation, and may have an adverse effect on our business.
our manufacturing businesses use oil-based resins, pulp, cotton, latex and other commodities as raw materials in many products. prices of oil and gas also affect our distribution and transportation costs. prices of these commodities are volatile and can fluctuate significantly, causing our costs to produce and distribute our products to fluctuate. beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021, we have experienced higher supply chain costs, primarily related to the sourcing of certain components, compounds, raw materials and commodities. due to competitive dynamics and contractual limitations, we may be unable to pass along cost increases through higher prices. if we cannot fully offset cost increases through other cost reductions, or recover these costs through price increases or surcharges, our results of operations could continue to be adversely affected.
consolidation in the u.s. healthcare industry may negatively impact our results of operations.
in recent years, u.s. healthcare industry participants, including distributors, manufacturers, suppliers, healthcare providers, insurers and pharmacy chains, have consolidated or formed strategic alliances. consolidations create larger enterprises with greater negotiating power, and also could result in the possible loss of a customer where the combined enterprise selects one distributor from two incumbents. if this consolidation trend continues, it could adversely affect our results of operations.
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k risk factors changes or uncertainty in u.s. or international trade policies and exposure to economic, political and currency risks, could disrupt our global operations or negatively impact our financial results.
we conduct our operations in various regions of the world outside of the united states, including europe, asia and latin america. global developments can affect our business in many ways. our global operations are affected by local economic environments, including inflation, recession and competition. additionally, divergent or unfamiliar regulatory systems and labor markets can increase the risks and burdens of operating in numerous countries.
our foreign operations expose us to a number of risks related to trade protection laws, tariffs, excise or other border taxes on goods sourced from certain countries or on the importation or exportation of products or raw materials. changes or uncertainty in u.s. or international trade policies or tariffs could impact our global operations, as well as our customers and suppliers. we may be required to spend more money to source certain products or materials that we need or to manufacture certain of our products. this could adversely impact our business and results of operations.
in addition, we conduct our business in u.s. dollars and various functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries. changes in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our financial results, which are reported in u.s. dollars. we may not be able to hedge to protect us against these exposures, and any hedges may not successfully mitigate these exposures.
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k properties and legal proceedings properties in the united states, at june 30, 2021, the pharmaceutical segment operated one national logistics center; a number of primary pharmaceutical and specialty distribution facilities as well as nuclear pharmacy and radiopharmaceutical manufacturing facilities. the medical segment operated medical-surgical distribution, assembly, manufacturing and other operating facilities in the united states.
our principal executive offices are headquartered in an owned building located at 7000 cardinal place in dublin, ohio.
we consider our operating properties to be in satisfactory condition and adequate to meet our present needs. however, we regularly evaluate operating properties and may make further additions and improvements or consolidate locations as we seek opportunities to expand or enhance the efficiency of our business.
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k properties and legal proceedings legal proceedings in addition to the proceedings described below, the legal proceedings described in note 7 of the "notes to consolidated financial statements" are incorporated in this "legal proceedings" section by reference.
in june 2019, melissa cohen, a purported shareholder, filed an action on behalf of cardinal health, inc. in the u.s. district court for the southern district of ohio against certain current and former members of our board of directors alleging that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties by failing to effectively monitor cardinal health's distribution of controlled substances and approving certain payments of executive compensation. in december 2019 and january 2020, similar complaints were filed in the u.s. district court for the southern district of ohio by purported shareholders, stanley m. malone and michael splaine, respectively. in january, 2020, the court consolidated the derivative cases under the caption in re cardinal health, inc. derivative litigation and in march 2020, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint. the amended consolidated derivative complaint seeks, among other things, unspecified money damages against the defendants and an award of attorneys' fees. in february 2021, the court granted in part and denied in part defendants' motion to dismiss. the court dismissed the claim with respect to executive compensation but declined to dismiss the failure to monitor claim.
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k market for registrant's common equity market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities our common shares are listed on the new york stock exchange under the symbol "cah."
at july 31, 2021 there were approximately 7,102 shareholders of record of our common shares.
we anticipate that we will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future. the payment and amount of future dividends remain, however, within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors.
issuer purchases of equity securities period                  total number                    average price paid per share   total number of shares                                                      approximate of shares                                                   purchased                                                               dollar value of purchased (1)                                                   as part of publicly announced programs (2)                              shares that may yet be purchased under the programs (2)
(1)reflects 1,311, 101 and 304 common shares purchased in april, may and june 2021, respectively, through a rabbi trust as investments of participants in our deferred compensation plan.
(2)on november 7, 2018, our board of directors approved a $1.0 billion share repurchase program that expires on december 31, 2021. as of june 30, 2021, we have $743 million authorized for share repurchases remaining under this program.
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k market for registrant's common equity five year performance graph the following line graph compares the cumulative total return of our common shares with the cumulative total return of the standard & poor's composite-500 stock index (the "s&p 500 index") and the standard & poor's composite-500 healthcare index (the "s&p 500 healthcare index"). the line graph assumes, in each case, an initial investment of $100 invested at the closing price on june 30, 2016, and is based on the market prices at the end of each fiscal year through and including june 30, 2021, and reinvestment of dividends. the s&p 500 index and s&p 500 healthcare index investments are weighted on the basis of market capitalization at the beginning of each period.
cardinal health, inc.                 $100.00          $102.25           $66.12           $66.34           $76.43           $86.65
s&amp;p 500 healthcare index           100.00           112.47           120.46           136.11           150.95           193.09
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k reports management reports evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures we evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in rule 13a-15(e) under the securities exchange act of 1934 (the "exchange act")) as of june 30, 2021. based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of june 30, 2021 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the exchange act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the sec rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
management's report on internal control over financial reporting management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in rule 13a-15(f) under the exchange act. our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. also, controls deemed effective now may become inadequate in the future because of changes in conditions, or because compliance with policies or procedures has deteriorated or been circumvented.
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of june 30, 2021. in making this assessment, management used the criteria established in the internal control-integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework) (the "coso criteria"). based on management's assessment and the coso criteria, management believes that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of june 30, 2021.
our independent registered public accounting firm, ernst & young llp, has issued a report on our internal control over financial reporting. ernst & young llp's report appears following this "management reports" section and expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.
changes in internal control over financial reporting there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended june 30, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
pharmaceutical segment information technology initiative the pharmaceutical segment is in a multi-year project to implement a replacement of certain finance and operating information systems. during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, we transitioned selected processes to the new systems and expect that we will transition additional processes to the new systems throughout fiscal year 2022. if these new systems are not effectively implemented, or fail to operate as intended, it could adversely affect internal control over financial reporting.
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k reports report of independent registered public accounting firm on internal control over financial reporting the shareholders and the board of directors of cardinal health, inc.
opinion on internal control over financial reporting we have audited cardinal health, inc. and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of june 30, 2021, based on criteria established in internal control-integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework) (the coso criteria). in our opinion, cardinal health, inc. and subsidiaries (the company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of june 30, 2021, based on the coso criteria.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob), the consolidated balance sheets of the company as of june 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of earnings/(loss), comprehensive income/(loss), shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended june 30, 2021, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the index at item 15(a)(2) and our report dated august 16, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
basis for opinion the company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying "management's report on internal control over financial reporting." our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting a company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. a company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k reports report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholders and the board of directors of cardinal health, inc.
opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of cardinal health, inc. and subsidiaries (the company) as of june 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of earnings/(loss), comprehensive income/(loss), shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended june 30, 2021, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the index at item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). in our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company at june 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended june 30, 2021, in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob), the company's internal control over financial reporting as of june 30, 2021, based on criteria established in internal control-integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework) and our report dated august 16, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
critical audit matters the critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. the communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
medical unit goodwill description of the matter        at june 30, 2021, goodwill related to the company's medical segment, including the medical unit was $5.3 billion. as discussed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually at the reporting unit level.
auditing management's goodwill impairment test for the medical unit was challenging because there is significant judgement required in determining the fair value of the reporting unit. in particular, the fair value estimate was sensitive to significant judgmental assumptions including the revenue growth rate, gross margin, distribution, selling, general and administrative expenses, and company specific risk premium, which are affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions.
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k reports how we addressed the matter in our audit        we obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the company's goodwill impairment review process. for example, we tested controls over management's review of significant judgmental assumptions, including the revenue growth rate, gross margin, distribution, selling, general and administrative expenses, and company specific risk premium, among other assumptions.
to test the estimated fair value of the company's medical unit, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating methodologies used, involving our valuation specialists in testing the significant assumptions described above and testing the underlying data used by the company in its analysis for completeness and accuracy. we compared the significant assumptions used by management to current industry and economic trends, recent historical performance, changes to the reporting unit's business model, customer base or product mix and other relevant factors. we assessed the historical accuracy of management's estimates and performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the reporting unit that would result from changes in the assumptions. we evaluated the incorporation of the applicable assumptions into the model and tested the model's computational accuracy. in addition, we inspected the company's reconciliation of the fair value of all reporting units to the market capitalization of the company and assessed the result.
product liability lawsuits description of the matter                       as described in note 1 and note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the company is a defendant in various product liability claims in which individuals seek damages associated with the use of cordis optease and trapease inferior vena cava (ivc) filter products. the company accrues for losses and defense costs related to product liability at the time a loss is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. the methodology used by the company to project future cordis ivc claim costs is based largely on recent experience, including claim filing rates, indemnity severity by claim type, sales data, implant and injury to report lag patterns, and defense costs. the company periodically reviews such estimates and records adjustments for changes in reserves in the period in which the change in estimate occurs. at june 30, 2021, the company's product liability reserve balance related to the cordis ivc lawsuits totaled $524 million, net of estimated insurance recoveries. the company believes there is a range of estimated losses with respect to these matters. because no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount within the range, the company has accrued the minimum amount in the range. the company estimates the high end of the range to be approximately $1.03 billion net of estimated insurance recoveries.
auditing management's accounting for and disclosure of loss contingencies related to the cordis ivc product liability lawsuits was challenging due to the significant judgment required to develop the key assumptions utilized in the model and the nature of information available given the early stages of these lawsuits and the limited claims history.
how we addressed the matter in our audit        we obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over management's evaluation of the product liability litigation reserve. for example, we tested controls over management's review of the model used to estimate the product liability reserve amount and the significant assumptions as described above used within the model. we also tested management's controls over the completeness and accuracy of the data used in the model.
to test management's assessment of the probability of occurrence of a loss and whether the loss was reasonably estimable, we evaluated, for example, claims data of the company, we evaluated the legal letters obtained from internal and external legal counsel, and we discussed with internal and external legal counsel of the plaintiffs' claims. among other procedures we performed to test the measurement of the product liability litigation reserve, we evaluated the method of measuring the reserve for claims including analyses to determine the range of possible losses, obtained and performed audit procedures relative to the analysis, tested the accuracy and completeness of the data, and evaluated new or contrary information affecting the estimate. in addition, we involved internal actuarial specialists to assist with our procedures related to the measurement of the product liability reserve. we have also assessed the adequacy of the company's disclosures included in note 7 in relation to these matters.
uncertain tax positions description of the matter                       as described in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the company's unrecognized tax benefits related to its uncertain tax positions were approximately $932 million at june 30, 2021. uncertain tax positions may arise as tax laws are subject to interpretation. the company uses significant judgment in (1) determining if the tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position and (2) measuring the amount of tax benefit that qualifies for recognition.
auditing management's estimate of the amount of tax benefit related to the company's uncertain tax positions that qualified for recognition was challenging because management's estimate required significant judgment in evaluating the technical merits of the positions, including interpretations of applicable tax laws and regulations.
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k reports how we addressed the matter in our audit        we obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the company's process to assess the technical merits of its uncertain tax positions, including the company's assessment as to whether a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained and management's process to measure the benefit of its tax positions.
we involved our international tax, transfer pricing, and national tax professionals in assessing the technical merits of certain of the company's tax positions. depending on the nature of the specific tax position and, where applicable, developments with the relevant tax authorities relating thereto, our procedures included obtaining and examining the company's analysis. for example, we evaluated the underlying facts upon which the tax positions are based, and, where applicable, obtained the company's correspondence with local tax authorities. we used our knowledge of international and local income tax laws, as well as historical settlement activity, where applicable, with local income tax authorities, to evaluate the company's accounting for its uncertain tax positions. we evaluated developments in the applicable tax jurisdictions to assess potential effects on the company's positions. we analyzed the company's assumptions and data used to evaluate the appropriateness of the company's measurement of tax benefits. we have also evaluated the company's income tax disclosures in relation to these matters.
opioid lawsuits description of the matter                       as discussed in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the company is a defendant in numerous lawsuits brought by certain state governments, native american tribes, and other political subdivisions related to opioid matters. the company accrues for losses related to legal matters at the time a loss is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. in july 2021, the company negotiated a global proposed settlement agreement (the "proposed settlement agreement"), however, the proposed settlement agreement is subject to contingencies. in addition, the native american tribes and certain other sub-divisions are not included within the proposed settlement agreement and are negotiated separately. the company has accrued $6.73 billion pretax under the cash component of the proposed settlement agreement and for negotiations with native american tribes and other sub-divisions as of june 30, 2021. the company is unable to reasonably estimate the liability associated with other plaintiffs that are not subject to the proposed settlement agreement or other ongoing negotiations. additionally, management is unable to estimate the range of possible loss associated with these matters.
auditing the company's accounting for, and disclosure of, loss contingencies related to the opioid lawsuits was challenging due to the significant judgment required to evaluate management's assessment of the likelihood of a loss being incurred and management's determination of whether a reasonable estimate of the range of loss can be made.
how we addressed the matter in our audit        we obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the identification and evaluation of this legal contingency. for example, we tested controls over management's review of the assessment of the probability of occurrence of a loss and whether the loss was reasonably estimable and whether the assessment considered all relevant facts.
to test the company's assessment of the probability of a loss and whether the loss was reasonably estimable, among other procedures, we read the proposed settlement agreement, requested and received internal and external legal counsel confirmation letters, met with internal counsel to discuss the status of the proceedings and negotiations of the proposed settlement agreement and negotiations with other plaintiffs, and evaluated the reasonableness of management's assessment regarding whether an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible or probable and reasonably estimable. we also assessed the adequacy and the sufficiency of the company's disclosures included in note 7 in relation to these matters.
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k financial statements financial statements and supplementary data page consolidated financial statements and schedule:
consolidated statements of earnings/(loss) for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019
consolidated statements of comprehensive income/(loss) for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019
consolidated statements of shareholders' equity for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019
consolidated statements of cash flows for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019
notes to consolidated financial statements
56       cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k financial statements consolidated statements of earnings/(loss)
cost of products sold                                                             155,689                    146,054                   138,700
operating expenses:
impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net                                 79                          7                     (488)
operating earnings/(loss)                                                             472                    (4,098)                     2,060
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                                   14                         16                         -
(gain)/loss on sale of equity interest in navihealth                                    2                      (579)                         -
provision for/(benefit from) income taxes                                           (289)                       (79)                       386
net earnings/(loss) attributable to cardinal health, inc.                            $611                   $(3,696)                    $1,363
earnings/(loss) per common share attributable to cardinal health, inc.
weighted-average number of common shares outstanding:
the accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.
financial statements consolidated statements of comprehensive income/(loss)
foreign currency translation adjustments and other                                 46                          3                      18
net unrealized gain/(loss) on derivative instruments, net of tax                   24                       (28)                     (5)
total other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax                                70                       (25)                      13
total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to cardinal health, inc.          $681                   $(3,721)                  $1,376
the accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.
58       cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k financial statements consolidated balance sheets june 30
current portion of long-term obligations and other short-term borrowings                                                         871                       10
total cardinal health, inc. shareholders' equity                                                                               1,791                    1,789
the accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.
financial statements consolidated statements of shareholders' equity common shares                                                                                                    treasury shares                accumulated other                  noncontrolling interests                         total comprehensive                                                           shareholders'
other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                                                                                                                                                                  13                                                                       13
employee stock plans activity, net of shares withheld for employee taxes         -                                       33                                                 1                             34                                                                                                     67
other comprehensive loss, net of tax                                                                                                                                                                                                  (25)                                                                     (25)
employee stock plans activity, net of shares withheld for employee taxes         -                                       26                                                 -                             74                                                                                                    100
other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                                                                                                                                                                  70                                                                       70
employee stock plans activity, net of shares withheld for employee taxes         -                                       17                                                 3                             80                                                                                                     97
the accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.
60       cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k financial statements consolidated statements of cash flows
cash flows from operating activities:
adjustments to reconcile net earnings/(loss) to net cash provided by operating activities:
impairments and loss on sale of other investments                                                             -                          -                       3
(gain)/loss on sale of equity interest in navihealth                                                          2                      (579)                       -
impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net                                                       79                          7                   (488)
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                                                         14                         16                       -
provision for/(benefit from) deferred income taxes                                                          496                      (961)                    (83)
change in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions and divestitures:
other accrued liabilities and operating items, net                                                          452                      6,550                     193
net cash provided by operating activities                                                                 2,429                      1,960                   2,722
acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                                                           (3)                          -                    (82)
purchase of other investments                                                                              (22)                       (20)                    (18)
proceeds from sale of investments                                                                            47                        886                       3
proceeds from divestitures, net of cash sold, and disposal of property and equipment                          -                          2                     763
net change in short-term borrowings                                                                           -                        (2)                       -
reduction of long-term obligations                                                                        (570)                    (1,399)                 (1,102)
purchase of treasury shares                                                                               (200)                      (350)                   (600)
effect of exchange rates changes on cash and equivalents                                                     11                       (13)                       1
cash and equivalents at beginning of period                                                               2,771                      2,531                   1,763
cash and equivalents at end of period                                                                    $3,407                     $2,771                  $2,531
supplemental information:
the accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k notes to financial statements notes to consolidated financial statements
1. basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies cardinal health, inc. is a globally integrated healthcare services and products company providing customized solutions for hospitals, healthcare systems, pharmacies, ambulatory surgery centers, clinical laboratories and physician offices. we provide pharmaceuticals and medical products and cost-effective solutions that enhance supply chain efficiency. references to "we", "our" and similar pronouns in these consolidated financial statements are to cardinal health, inc. and its majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries unless the context otherwise requires.
our fiscal year ends on june 30. references to fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 in these consolidated financial statements are to the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
basis of presentation our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries, and all significant intercompany transactions and amounts have been eliminated. the results of businesses acquired or disposed of are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date of the acquisition or up to the date of disposal, respectively.
use of estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"). the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. estimates, judgments and assumptions are used in the accounting and disclosure related to, among other items, allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory valuation and reserves, goodwill and other intangible asset impairment, loss contingencies (including product liability and self-insurance accruals), and income taxes. actual amounts could ultimately differ from these estimated amounts.
the covid-19 pandemic ("covid-19") continues to affect the u.s. and global economies, and as previously disclosed, the pandemic began to materially affect our businesses during the third quarter of fiscal 2020. the length and severity of the pandemic and its impacts on our businesses and results of operations are uncertain.
cash equivalents we consider liquid investments purchased with an initial maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. the carrying value of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
receivables and allowance for doubtful accounts trade receivables are presented net of an allowance for doubtful accounts of $242 million and $206 million at june 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. an account is considered past due on the first day after its due date. in accordance with contract terms, we generally have the ability to charge customers service fees or higher prices if an account is considered past due. we regularly monitor past due accounts and establish appropriate reserves to cover potential losses, and consider historical experience, the current economic environment, customer credit ratings or bankruptcies, and reasonable and supportable forecasts to develop our allowance for credit losses. we review these factors quarterly to determine if any adjustments are needed to the allowance. we write off any amounts deemed uncollectible against the established allowance for doubtful accounts.
we provide financing to various customers. such financing arrangements range from 1 year to 5 years at interest rates that are generally subject to fluctuation. interest income on these arrangements is recognized as it is earned. the financings may be collateralized, guaranteed by third parties or unsecured. finance notes, net and related accrued interest were $63 million (current portion $7 million) and $104 million (current portion $12 million) at june 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in other assets (current portion is included in prepaid expenses and other) in the consolidated balance sheets. finance notes receivable allowance for doubtful accounts were $12 million and $27 million at june 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. we estimate an allowance for these financing receivables based on historical collection rates and the credit worthiness of the customer. we write off any amounts deemed uncollectible against the established allowance for doubtful accounts.
concentrations of credit risk we maintain cash depository accounts with major banks, and we invest in high quality, short-term liquid instruments, and in marketable securities. our short-term liquid instruments mature within three months and we have not historically incurred any related losses.
our trade receivables and finance notes and related accrued interest are exposed to a concentration of credit risk with certain large customers and with customers in the retail and healthcare sectors. credit risk can be affected by changes in reimbursement and other economic pressures impacting the healthcare industry. with respect to customers in the retail and healthcare sectors, such credit risk is limited due to supporting collateral and the diversity of the customer base, including its wide geographic dispersion. we perform regular credit evaluations of our customers' financial conditions and maintain reserves for losses through the established allowance for doubtful accounts. historically, such losses have been within our expectations. refer to the "receivables and allowance for doubtful accounts" section within this note for additional information on the accounting treatment of reserves for allowance for doubtful accounts.
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k notes to financial statements major customers cvs health corporation ("cvs") and optumrx, are our only customers that individually account for at least 10 percent of revenue and gross trade receivables. these customers are primarily serviced through our pharmaceutical segment.
the following table summarizes historical percent of revenue and gross trade receivables from cvs and optumrx:
percent of revenue                                    percent of gross trade receivables at june 30
we have entered into agreements with group purchasing organizations ("gpos") which act as purchasing agents that negotiate vendor contracts on behalf of their members. vizient, inc. and premier, inc. are our two largest gpo member relationships in terms of revenue. sales to members of these two gpos collectively accounted for 15 percent, 16 percent and 22 percent of revenue for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. our trade receivable balances are with individual members of the gpo, and therefore no significant concentration of credit risk exists with these types of arrangements.
inventories a portion of our inventories (50 percent and 56 percent at june 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively) are valued at the lower of cost, using the last-in, first-out ("lifo") method, or market. these inventories are included within the core pharmaceutical distribution facilities of our pharmaceutical segment ("distribution facilities") and are primarily merchandise inventories. the lifo method presumes that the most recent inventory purchases are the first items sold, so lifo helps us better match current costs and revenue. we believe that the average cost method of inventory valuation provides a reasonable approximation of the current cost of replacing inventory within the distribution facilities. as such, the lifo reserve is the difference between (a) inventory at the lower of lifo cost or market and (b) inventory at replacement cost determined using the average cost method of inventory valuation.
at june 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, inventories valued at lifo cost were $565 million and $411 million higher than the average cost value. we do not record inventories in excess of replacement cost. as such, we did not write-up the value of our inventory from average cost to lifo cost at june 30, 2021 or 2020.
our remaining inventory, including inventory in our medical segment, that is not valued at the lower of lifo cost or market is stated at the lower of cost, using the first-in, first-out method, or net realizable value. net realizable value is defined as the estimated selling prices and estimated sales demand in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. due to the unprecedented demand for certain personal protective equipment as a result of covid-19, our medical segment manufactured and sourced inventory at higher costs than in periods prior to covid-19. personal protective equipment ("ppe") refers to protective clothing, medical and non-medical grade gloves, face shields, face masks and other equipment designed to protect the wearer from injury or the spread of infection or illness. as selling prices and customer demand have decreased compared to the peak of covid-19, we recorded a reserve of $197 million, primarily related to certain categories of gloves, to reduce the carrying value of certain ppe to its net realizable value.
we reserve for inventory obsolescence using estimates based on historical experience, historical and projected sales trends, specific categories of inventory, age and expiration dates of on-hand inventory and manufacturer return policies. inventories presented in the consolidated balance sheets are net of reserves for excess and obsolete inventory which were $185 million and $155 million at june 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
cash discounts manufacturer cash discounts are recorded as a component of inventory cost and recognized as a reduction of cost of products sold as inventory is sold.
property and equipment property and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. property and equipment held for sale are recorded at the lower of cost less accumulated depreciation before the decision to dispose of the asset was made or fair value less cost to sell. when certain events or changes in operating conditions occur, an impairment assessment may be performed on the recoverability of the carrying amounts.
depreciation expense is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, including finance lease assets which are depreciated over the terms of their respective leases. we generally use the following range of useful lives for our property and equipment categories: buildings and improvements-3 to 39 years; machinery and equipment-3 to 20 years; and furniture and fixtures-3 to 7 years. we recorded depreciation and amortization expense of $377 million, $405 million and $455 million for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
the following table presents the components of property and equipment, net at june 30:
repairs and maintenance expenditures are expensed as incurred. interest on long-term projects is capitalized using a rate that approximates the weighted-average interest rate on long-term cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k notes to financial statements obligations, which was 3 percent at june 30, 2021. the amount of capitalized interest was immaterial for all periods presented.
goodwill and other intangible assets purchased goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but instead are tested for impairment annually or when indicators of impairment exist.
purchased goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually. qualitative factors are first assessed to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. there is an option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative goodwill impairment test. we have elected to bypass the qualitative assessment for our annual goodwill impairment test in the current year. the quantitative goodwill impairment test involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to the respective carrying amount.
goodwill impairment testing involves judgment, including the identification of reporting units, qualitative evaluation of events and circumstances to determine if it is more likely than not that an impairment exists, and, if necessary, the estimation of the fair value of the applicable reporting unit.
we have two operating segments, which are the same as our reportable segments: pharmaceutical and medical. these operating segments are comprised of divisions (components), for which discrete financial information is available. components are aggregated into reporting units for purposes of goodwill impairment testing to the extent that they share similar economic characteristics. our reporting units are: pharmaceutical operating segment (excluding our nuclear and precision health solutions division); nuclear and precision health solutions division; medical operating segment (excluding our cardinal health at-home solutions division) ("medical unit"); and cardinal health at-home solutions division.
fair value can be determined using market, income or cost-based approaches. our determination of estimated fair value of the reporting units is based on a combination of the income-based and market-based approaches. under the income-based approach, we use a discounted cash flow model in which cash flows anticipated over several future periods, plus a terminal value at the end of that time horizon, are discounted to their present value using an appropriate risk-adjusted rate of return. we use our internal forecasts to estimate future cash flows, which we believe are consistent with those of a market participant, and include an estimate of long-term growth rates based on our most recent views of the long-term outlook for each reporting unit. actual results may differ materially from those used in our forecasts. we use discount rates that are commensurate with the risks and uncertainty inherent in the respective reporting units and in our internally-developed forecasts. discount rates used in our reporting unit valuations ranged from 8.5 percent to 11.5 percent. under the market-based guideline public company method, we determine fair value by comparing our reporting units to similar businesses or guideline companies whose securities are actively traded in public markets. we also use the guideline transaction method to determine fair value based on pricing multiples derived from the sale of companies that are similar to our reporting units. to further confirm fair value, we compare the aggregate fair value of our reporting units to our total market capitalization. estimating the fair value of reporting units requires the use of estimates and significant judgments that are based on a number of factors including forecasted operating results. the use of alternate estimates and assumptions or changes in the industry or peer groups could materially affect the determination of fair value for each reporting unit and potentially result in goodwill impairment.
we performed annual impairment testing in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 and concluded that there were no impairments of goodwill as the estimated fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value.
the impairment test for indefinite-lived intangibles other than goodwill involves first assessing qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. if so, then a quantitative test is performed to compare the estimated fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to the respective asset's carrying amount. our qualitative evaluation requires the use of estimates and significant judgments and considers the weight of evidence and significance of all identified events and circumstances and most relevant drivers of fair value, both positive and negative, in determining whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount.
intangible assets with finite lives, primarily customer relationships; trademarks, trade names and patents; and developed technology, are amortized using a combination of straight-line and accelerated methods based on the expected cash flows from the asset over their estimated useful lives. we review intangible assets with finite lives for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. determining whether an impairment loss occurred requires a comparison of the carrying amount to the sum of the future forecasted undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. actual results may differ materially from those used in our forecasts.
assets held for sale we classify assets and liabilities (the "disposal group") as held for sale when management commits to a plan to sell the disposal group in its present condition and at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value. we also consider whether an active program to locate a buyer has been initiated and if it is probable that the sale will occur within one year without significant changes to the plan to sell. upon classification of the disposal group as held for sale, we test the assets for impairment and cease related depreciation and amortization.
on march 12, 2021, we announced that we signed a definitive agreement to sell our cordis business to hellman & friedman for proceeds of $927 million in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments, and we retained certain working capital accounts and certain liabilities, including product liability for cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k notes to financial statements lawsuits related to inferior vena cava filters in the u.s. and canada as described in note 7 of the "notes to consolidated financial statements." the transaction closed on august 2, 2021. see note 2 for additional information.
investments investments in non-marketable equity securities are accounted for under the fair value, equity or net asset value method of accounting and are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. for equity securities without a readily determinable fair value, we use the fair value measurement alternative and measure the securities at cost less impairment, if any, including adjustments for observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. for investments in which we can exercise significant influence but do not control, we use the equity method of accounting. our share of the earnings and losses are recorded in other (income)/expense, net in the consolidated statements of earnings/(loss). we monitor our investments for impairment by considering factors such as the operating performance of the investment and current economic and market conditions.
vendor reserves in the ordinary course of business, our vendors may dispute deductions taken against payments otherwise due to them or assert other disputes. these disputes are researched and resolved based upon the findings of the research performed. at any given time, there are outstanding items in various stages of research and resolution. in determining appropriate reserves for areas of exposure with our vendors, we assess historical experience and current outstanding claims. we have established various levels of reserves based on the type of claim and status of review. though the claim types are relatively consistent, we periodically refine our methodology by updating the reserve estimate percentages to reflect actual historical experience. the ultimate outcome of certain claims may be different than our original estimate and may require an adjustment. adjustments to vendor reserves are included in cost of products sold. in addition, the reserve balance will fluctuate due to variations of outstanding claims from period-to-period, timing of settlements and specific vendor issues, such as bankruptcies. vendor reserves were $77 million at both june 30, 2021 and 2020, excluding third-party returns. see third-party returns section within this note for a description of third-party returns.
distribution services agreement and other vendor fees our pharmaceutical segment recognizes fees received from distribution services agreements and other fees received from vendors related to the purchase or distribution of the vendors' inventory when those fees have been earned and we are entitled to payment. since the benefit provided to a vendor is related to the purchase and distribution of the vendor's inventory, we recognize the fees as a reduction in the carrying value of the inventory that generated the fees, and as such, a reduction of cost of products sold in our consolidated statements of earnings/(loss) when the inventory is sold.
loss contingencies and self-insurance loss contingencies we accrue for contingencies related to disputes, litigation and regulatory matters if it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.
in connection with the opioid litigation as described further in the note 7, we recorded pre-tax charges of $1.17 billion and $5.63 billion during fiscal 2021 and 2020 respectively which were retained at corporate. in july 2021, we announced that we and two other national distributors have negotiated a proposed settlement agreement, subject to certain conditions and contingencies. there is no assurance that the contingencies to the proposed settlement agreement will be satisfied.
we develop and periodically update reserve estimates for the cordis inferior vena cava ("cordis ivc") claims, including those received to date and expected to be received in the future and related costs. to project future cordis ivc claim costs, we use a methodology based largely on recent experience, including claim filing rates, estimated indemnity severity by claim type, sales data, implant and injury to report lag patterns and estimated defense costs.
self-insurance we also self-insure for employee healthcare, general liability, certain product liability matters, auto liability, property and workers' compensation. self-insurance accruals include an estimate for expected settlements or pending claims, defense costs, administrative fees, claim adjustment costs and an estimate for claims incurred but not reported.
because these matters are inherently unpredictable and unfavorable developments or resolutions can occur, assessing contingencies and other liabilities is highly subjective and requires judgments about future events. we regularly review contingencies and our self-insurance accruals to determine whether our accruals and related disclosures are adequate. any adjustments for changes in reserves are recorded in the period in which the change in estimate occurs.
the amount of ultimate loss may differ materially from these estimates. we recognize these estimated loss contingencies, income from favorable resolution of litigation and certain defense costs in litigation (recoveries)/charges in our consolidated statements of earnings/(loss). see note 7 for additional information regarding loss contingencies and product liability lawsuits.
guarantees in the ordinary course of business, we agree to indemnify certain other parties under acquisition and disposition agreements, customer agreements, intellectual property licensing agreements, and other agreements. such indemnification obligations vary in scope and, when defined, in duration. in many cases, a maximum obligation is not explicitly stated, and therefore the overall maximum amount of the liability under such indemnification obligations cannot be reasonably estimated. where appropriate, such indemnification obligations are recorded as a liability. historically, we have not, individually or in the aggregate, made cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k notes to financial statements payments under these indemnification obligations in any material amounts. in certain circumstances, we believe that existing insurance arrangements, subject to the general deduction and exclusion provisions, would cover portions of the liability that may arise from these indemnification obligations. in addition, we believe that the likelihood of a material liability being triggered under these indemnification obligations is not probable.
from time to time we enter into agreements that obligate us to make fixed payments upon the occurrence of certain events. such obligations primarily relate to obligations arising under acquisition transactions, where we have agreed to make payments based upon the achievement of certain financial performance measures by the acquired business. generally, the obligation is capped at an explicit amount. there were no material obligations at june 30, 2021.
income taxes we account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in the respective jurisdictions in which we operate. we assess the realizability of deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis and provide a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that at least a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. the realizability of deferred tax assets depends on our ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryback or carryforward periods provided for in the tax law for each applicable tax jurisdiction and also considers all available positive and negative evidence.
deferred taxes for non-u.s. liabilities are not provided on the unremitted earnings of subsidiaries outside of the united states when it is expected that these earnings are indefinitely reinvested.
we operate in a complex multinational tax environment and are subject to tax treaty arrangements and transfer pricing guidelines for intercompany transactions that are subject to interpretation. uncertainty in a tax position may arise as tax laws are subject to interpretation.
tax benefits from uncertain tax positions are recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination of the technical merits of the position, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes. the amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement. for tax benefits that do not qualify for recognition, we recognize a liability for unrecognized tax benefits.
see note 8 for additional information regarding income taxes.
other accrued liabilities other accrued liabilities represent various current obligations, including certain accrued operating expenses and taxes payable.
noncontrolling interests noncontrolling interests represent the portion of net earnings, comprehensive income and net assets that is not attributable to cardinal health, inc.
share-based compensation share-based compensation provided to employees is recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings/(loss) based on the grant date fair value of the awards. the fair value of restricted share units and performance share units is determined by the grant date market price of our common shares. the fair value of stock options is determined on the grant date using a lattice valuation model. the compensation expense associated with nonvested performance share units is dependent on our periodic assessment of the probability of the targets being achieved and our estimate, which may vary over time, of the number of shares that ultimately will be issued. the compensation expense recognized for share-based awards is net of estimated forfeitures and is recognized ratably over the service period of the awards. all income tax effects of share-based awards are recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings/(loss) as awards vest or are settled. we classify share-based compensation expense in distribution, selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses to correspond with the same line item as the majority of the cash compensation paid to employees. if awards are modified in connection with a restructuring activity, the incremental share-based compensation expense is classified in restructuring and employee severance. see note 14 for additional information regarding share-based compensation.
dividends we paid cash dividends per common share of $1.94, $1.92 and $1.91 in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
revenue recognition we recognize revenue in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for the transfer of goods or services to customers.
revenue in both segments is primarily related to the distribution of pharmaceutical and medical products, which include both manufactured and sourced products, and we recognize at a point in time when title transfers to customers and we have no further obligation to provide services related to such merchandise. service revenues are recognized over the period that services are provided to the customer. revenues derived from services are not material for either segment for all periods presented.
we are generally the principal in a transaction, therefore our revenue is primarily recorded on a gross basis. when we are a principal in a transaction, we have determined that we control the ability to direct the use of the product or service prior to transfer to a customer, are primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the product or service to our customer, have discretion in establishing prices, and ultimately control the transfer of the product or services provided to the customer.
sales returns and allowances revenue is recorded net of sales returns and allowances. revenues are measured based on the amount of consideration that we expect to receive, reduced by estimates for return allowances, discounts, rebates and other variable consideration. sales returns are recorded based on estimates using historical cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k notes to financial statements data. our customer return policies generally require that the product be physically returned, subject to restocking fees. we only allow customers to return products for credit in a condition suitable to be added back to inventory and resold at full value ("merchantable product") or returned to vendors for credit. product returns are generally consistent throughout the year and typically are not specific to any particular product or customer.
we accrue for estimated sales returns and allowances at the time of sale based upon historical customer return trends, margin rates and processing costs. our accrual for sales returns is reflected as a reduction of revenue and cost of products sold for the sales price and cost, respectively. at june 30, 2021 and 2020, the accrual for estimated sales returns and allowances was $689 million and $495 million, respectively, which is reflected in trade receivables, net and inventories, net in the consolidated balance sheets. sales returns and allowances were $2.6 billion, $2.3 billion and $2.2 billion, for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and the net impact on net earnings/(loss) in the consolidated statements of earnings/(loss) was immaterial in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019.
third-party returns we generally do not accept non-merchantable pharmaceutical product returns from our customers, so many of our customers return non-merchantable pharmaceutical products to the manufacturer through third parties. since our customers generally do not have a direct relationship with manufacturers, our vendors pass the value of such returns to us (usually in the form of an accounts payable deduction). we, in turn, pass the value received to our customer. in certain instances, we pass the estimated value of the return to our customer prior to our receipt of the value from the vendor. although we believe we have satisfactory protections, we could be subject to claims from customers or vendors if our administration of this overall process was deficient in some respect or our contractual terms with vendors are in conflict with our contractual terms with our customers. we have maintained reserves for some of these situations based on their nature and our historical experience with their resolution.
shipping and handling shipping and handling costs are primarily included in sg&a expenses in our consolidated statements of earnings/(loss) and include all delivery expenses as well as all costs to prepare the product for shipment to the end customer. shipping and handling costs were $634 million, $620 million and $622 million, for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
restructuring and employee severance restructuring activities are programs that are not part of the ongoing operations of our underlying business, such as divestitures, closing and consolidating facilities, changing the way we manufacture or distribute our products, moving manufacturing of a product to another location, changes in production or business process outsourcing or insourcing, employee severance (including rationalizing headcount or other significant changes in personnel) and realigning operations (including realignment of the management structure in response to changing market conditions). also included within restructuring and employee severance are employee severance costs that are not incurred in connection with a restructuring activity. see note 3 for additional information regarding our restructuring activities.
amortization and other acquisition-related costs we classify certain costs incurred in connection with acquisitions as amortization and other acquisition-related costs in our consolidated statements of earnings/(loss). these costs consist of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, transaction costs, integration costs and changes in the fair value of contingent consideration obligations. transaction costs are incurred during the initial evaluation of a potential acquisition and primarily relate to costs to analyze, negotiate and consummate the transaction as well as due diligence activities. integration costs relate to activities required to combine the operations of an acquired enterprise into our operations and, in the case of the cordis and patient recovery businesses, to stand-up the systems and processes needed to support an expanded geographic footprint. we record changes in the fair value of contingent consideration obligations relating to acquisitions as income or expense in amortization and other acquisition-related costs. see note 4 for additional information regarding amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets.
translation of foreign currencies financial statements of our subsidiaries outside the united states are generally measured using the local currency as the functional currency. adjustments to translate the assets and liabilities of these foreign subsidiaries into u.s. dollars are accumulated in shareholders' equity through accumulated and other comprehensive loss ("aoci") utilizing period-end exchange rates. revenues and expenses of these foreign subsidiaries are translated using average exchange rates during the year.
the foreign currency translation gains/(losses) included in aoci at june 30, 2021 and 2020 are presented in note 11. foreign currency transaction gains and losses for the period are included in the consolidated statements of earnings/(loss) in the respective financial statement line item.
interest rate, currency and commodity risk all derivative instruments are recognized at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets and all changes in fair value are recognized in net earnings or shareholders' equity through aoci, net of tax.
for contracts that qualify for hedge accounting treatment, the hedge contracts must be effective at reducing the risk associated with the exposure being hedged and must be designated as a hedge at the inception of the contract. hedge effectiveness is assessed periodically. any contract not designated as a hedge, or so designated but ineffective, is adjusted to fair value and recognized immediately in net earnings. if a fair value or cash flow hedge ceases to qualify for hedge accounting treatment, the contract continues to be carried on the balance sheet at fair value until settled and future adjustments to the contract's fair value are recognized immediately in net earnings. if a forecasted transaction is probable not to occur, amounts previously deferred in aoci are recognized immediately in net earnings. interest payments cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k notes to financial statements received from the cross currency swap are excluded from the net investment hedge effectiveness assessment and are recorded in interest expense, net in the consolidated statements of earnings/(loss).
see note 10 for additional information regarding our derivative instruments, including the accounting treatment for instruments designated as fair value, cash flow, net investment and economic hedges.
fair value measurements fair value is defined as the price that would be received upon selling an asset or the price paid to transfer a liability on the measurement date. it focuses on the exit price in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between willing market participants. a three-tier fair value hierarchy is established as a basis for considering such assumptions and for inputs used in the valuation methodologies in measuring fair value. this hierarchy requires entities to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. the three levels of inputs used to measure fair values are:
level 1 -    observable prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.
level 2 -    observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.
level 3 -    unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets and liabilities.
see note 9 for additional information regarding fair value measurements.
recently adopted financial accounting standards financial instruments - credit losses in june 2016, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued amended accounting guidance that will require entities to measure credit losses on trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, loans and other instruments using an "expected credit loss" model that considers historical experience, current conditions and reasonable supportable forecasts. this guidance also requires that credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses be recognized as allowances rather than as deductions in the amortized cost of the securities. we consider historical experience, the current economic environment, customer credit ratings or bankruptcies, and reasonable and supportable forecasts to develop our allowance for credit losses. we review these factors quarterly to determine if any adjustments are needed to the allowance. this guidance was effective beginning the first quarter of fiscal 2021 and did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
recently issued financial accounting standards not yet adopted we address the adoption impacts of recently issued accounting standards by the fasb on the our consolidated financial statements as well as material updates to previous assessments, if any, from our fiscal 2020 form 10-k. there were no accounting standards issued in fiscal 2021 that will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
2. divestitures and acquisitions divestitures cordis assets held for sale on march 12, 2021, we signed a definitive agreement with hellman & friedman to sell our cordis business for gross proceeds of $927 million in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments, and we retained certain working capital accounts and certain liabilities. the transaction closed on august 2, 2021 and we received proceeds of $927 million, net of cash transferred. cardinal health will retain product liability associated with lawsuits and claims related to inferior vena cava ("ivc") filters in the u.s. and canada, as well as authority for these matters discussed in note 7.
upon signing the agreement, we met the criteria for the related assets and liabilities of the cordis business to be classified as held for sale. in connection with the divestiture, we allocated $388 million of goodwill from the medical unit (within our medical segment) to the cordis disposal group based on the estimated relative fair values of the business to be disposed of and the portion of the reporting unit that will be retained. we determined that the sale of the cordis business does not meet the criteria to be classified as discontinued operations.
at june 30, 2021, the book value of the disposal group exceeded its fair value less costs to sell. accordingly, we recognized a $60 million pre-tax write-down on the disposal group in impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets in our consolidated statement of earnings/(loss). this write-down includes a $3 million loss related to currency translation adjustments in accumulated other comprehensive loss. we recorded a net tax expense of $9 million associated with the impact of the write-down and the required tax adjustments related to held for sale accounting.
the following table presents information related to the assets and liabilities that were classified as held for sale at june 30, 2021 related to the cordis divestiture in the consolidated balance sheets:
write-down of assets held for sale                              (60)
68       cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k notes to financial statements navihealth in august 2018, we sold our majority ownership interest in navihealth, which operated within our medical segment in exchange for cash proceeds of $737 million (after adjusting for certain fees and expenses) and a noncontrolling equity interest in a partnership that owned navihealth. we also had certain call rights to reacquire navihealth.
as a result of this divestiture, during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, we recognized a pre-tax gain of $508 million in impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets in our consolidated statements of earnings/(loss). this gain included our initial recognition of an equity method investment for $358 million and the derecognition of redeemable noncontrolling interests of $12 million. the fiscal 2019 tax expense as a result of this transaction was $130 million. we determined that the sale of the navihealth business did not meet the criteria to be classified as discontinued operations.
in may 2020 we sold the remainder of our noncontrolling equity interest in a partnership that owned navihealth. we recognized a pre-tax gain of $579 million from this disposal in gain on sale of equity interest in navihealth in our consolidated statements of earnings/(loss) during fiscal year 2020.
our proportionate share of navihealth's results, which was recorded in other (income)/expense, net in the consolidated statements of earnings/(loss), was income of $2 million and a loss of $10 million during fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively.
acquisitions we did not complete any acquisitions during fiscal 2020. while we completed several small acquisitions during fiscal 2021 and 2019, the pro forma results of operations and the results of operations for acquired businesses since the acquisition dates have not been separately disclosed because the effects were not significant compared to the consolidated financial statements, individually or in the aggregate. the cash paid for these acquisitions, net of cash acquired was $3 million and $82 million for fiscal 2021 and 2019, respectively.
employee-related costs primarily consist of termination benefits provided to employees who have been involuntarily terminated, duplicate payroll costs and retention bonuses incurred during transition periods. facility exit and other costs primarily consist of professional, project management and other service fees to support divestitures, vendor transition fees, accelerated depreciation, lease costs associated with vacant facilities, equipment relocation costs, project consulting fees, costs associated with restructuring our delivery of information technology infrastructure services and certain other divestiture-related costs.
in fiscal 2021, restructuring costs were primarily related to the implementation of certain enterprise-wide cost-savings measures and the divestiture of our cordis business. in fiscal 2020 and 2019, restructuring costs were primarily related to the implementation of certain enterprise-wide cost-savings measures.
payments and other adjustments                (81)                             (4)                       (85)
payments and other adjustments                (64)                            (28)                       (92)
4. goodwill and other intangible assets goodwill the following table summarizes the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by segment and in total:
goodwill acquired, net of purchase price adjustments                    (5)                             -                        (5)
foreign currency translation adjustments and other                      (1)                          (15)                       (16)
goodwill acquired, net of purchase price adjustments                      2                             -                          2
foreign currency translation adjustments and other                        -            18                                         18
(1)    at june 30, 2021 and 2020, the pharmaceutical segment accumulated goodwill impairment loss was $829 million.
(2)    at june 30, 2021 and 2020, the medical segment accumulated goodwill impairment loss was $1.4 billion.
in connection with the divestiture of our cordis business, during fiscal 2021 we allocated and reclassified $388 million of goodwill from the medical unit (within our medical segment) to the cordis disposal group based on the estimated relative fair values of the business to be disposed of and the portion of the reporting unit that will be retained, discussed further in note 2.
notes to financial statements other intangible assets the following tables summarize other intangible assets by class at june 30:
customer relationships                        3,330                        1,989                       1,341                                                                            11
customer relationships                        3,554                        1,828                       1,726
total amortization of intangible assets was $428 million, $512 million and $531 million for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the estimated annual amortization for intangible assets for fiscal 2022 through 2026 is as follows: $315 million, $287 million, $264 million, $238 million and $212 million.
70       cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k notes to financial statements
5. leases our operating leases are primarily for corporate offices, distribution facilities, vehicles, and equipment. we determine if an arrangement is a lease at its inception by evaluating whether the arrangement conveys the right to use an identified asset and whether we obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from and have the ability to direct the use of the asset. our lease agreements generally do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.
beginning july 1, 2019, operating lease right-of-use assets and corresponding operating lease liabilities are recognized in our consolidated balance sheets at lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. operating lease expense for operating lease assets is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. as most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our collateralized incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. we use the implicit rate if it is readily determinable.
our lease agreements contain lease components and non-lease components. for all asset classes, we have elected to account for both of these components as a single lease component. we also, from time to time, sublease portions of our real estate property, resulting in sublease income. sublease income and the related assets and cash flows are not material to the consolidated financial statements at or for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021 and 2020.
we also have elected to apply a practical expedient for short-term leases whereby we do not recognize a lease liability and right-of-use asset for leases with a term of less than 12 months. short-term lease expense recognized in fiscal 2021 and 2020 was not material. in addition, upon adoption of the new lease standard, we elected the package of three practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance, which include the carry forward of our leases without reassessing 1) whether any contracts are leases or contain leases, 2) lease classification and 3) initial direct costs.
our leases have remaining lease terms from less than 1 year up to approximately 21 years. our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain and there is a significant economic incentive to exercise that option.
the following table summarizes the components of lease cost:
operating lease cost          $119          $134
variable lease cost primarily includes payments for property taxes, maintenance and insurance. our rental expense relating to operating leases was $153 million in fiscal 2019.
the following table summarizes supplemental balance sheet and other information related to leases at june 30:
operating leases operating lease right-of-use assets                        $460              $426
current portion of operating lease liabilities              105               104
long-term operating lease liabilities                       374               341
total operating lease liabilities                           479               445
finance leases finance lease right-of-use assets                            63                33
current portion of finance lease liabilities                 19                 9
operating leases                                            6.5 years         6.4 years finance leases                                              4.2 years         4.3 years weighted-average discount rate operating leases                                            2.9     %         2.9     %
operating leases are included in other assets, other accrued liabilities, and deferred income taxes and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. finance leases are included in property and equipment, net, current portion of long-term obligations and other short-term borrowings, and long-term obligations, less current portion in our consolidated balance sheet.
the following tables summarizes supplemental cash flow information related to leases:
operating cash flows paid for operating leases                                      $115          $125
non-cash right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations:
new operating leases                                                                 138           150
amended lease standard adoption impact as of july 1, 2019 (1)                          -           400
(1)includes the effect of $22 million from reclassifying deferred rent as an offset to the lease right-of-use asset in accordance with the transition guidance.
notes to financial statements future lease payments under non-cancellable leases as of june 30, 2021 were as follows:
(in millions)                                  operating leases                finance leases                  total
total future lease payments                         537                             70                       607
(1)as of june 30, 2021, we had certain leases that were executed but did not have control of the underlying assets; therefore, the lease liabilities and right-of-use assets are not recorded in the consolidated balance sheet.
less: current portion of long-term obligations and other short-term borrowings         871                       10
maturities of existing long-term obligations and other short-term borrowings for fiscal 2022 through 2026 and thereafter are as follows: $872 million, $584 million, $808 million, $418 million, $525 million and $3.0 billion.
long-term debt all the notes represent unsecured obligations of cardinal health, inc. and rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. the 7.0% debentures represent unsecured obligations of allegiance corporation (a wholly-owned subsidiary), which cardinal health, inc. has guaranteed. none of these obligations are subject to a sinking fund and the allegiance obligations are not redeemable prior to maturity. interest is paid pursuant to the terms of the obligations. these notes are effectively subordinated to the liabilities of our subsidiaries, including trade payables of $23.7 billion and $21.4 billion at june 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
in june 2021, we redeemed all outstanding 3.2% notes due june 2022 for $238 million and $262 million aggregate principle amount of 2.616% notes due june 2022 at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest, plus the make-whole premium applicable to the notes. in connection with these redemptions, we recorded a $13 million loss on early extinguishment of debt.
during fiscal 2021, we also early repurchased $40 million of the floating rate notes due 2022 and $2 million of the 2.616% notes due 2022 with available cash. in connection with the early debt repurchases, we recorded a $1 million loss on early extinguishment of debt.
during fiscal 2020, we redeemed $500 million aggregate principle amount of 4.625% notes due december 2020 at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest, plus the make-whole premium applicable to the notes. in connection with the redemption, we recorded a $7 million loss on early extinguishment of debt. we also early repurchased $247 million of the 2.616% notes due 2022, $11 million of the 3.2% notes due 2022, $20 million of the floating rate notes due 2022, $104 million of the 3.41% notes due 2027, $6 million of the 4.6% notes due 2043, $5 million of the 4.9% notes due 2045, and $35 million of the 4.368% notes due 2047. in connection with the early debt repurchases, we recognized a $9 million loss on early extinguishment of debt. we also repaid the full principal of the $450 million 2.4% notes due 2019 as they became due.
during fiscal 2019, we repurchased $67 million of the 2.616% notes due 2022, $1 million of the 3.2% notes due 2022, 8 million of the floating rate notes due 2022, and $24 million of the 3.41% notes due 2027 for a total of $100 million. the loss on early extinguishment of debt in connection with these early repurchases was immaterial. we also repaid the full principal of the $1.0 billion 1.948% notes due 2019 as they became due.
on august 13, 2021, we announced our intention to early redeem all remaining outstanding 2.616% notes due june 2022 on september 15, 2021 at an expected redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest, plus the make-whole premium applicable to the notes.
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k notes to financial statements if we undergo a change of control, as defined in the notes, and if the notes receive specified ratings below investment grade by each of standard & poors ratings services, moody's investors services and fitch ratings, any holder of the notes, excluding the debentures, can require with respect to the notes owned by such holder, or we can offer, to repurchase the notes at 101% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest.
other financing arrangements in addition to cash and equivalents and operating cash flow, other sources of liquidity include a $2.0 billion commercial paper program backed by a $2.0 billion revolving credit facility. we also have a $1.0 billion committed receivables sales facility.
in september 2019, we renewed our committed receivables sales facility program through cardinal health funding, llc ("chf") through september 30, 2022. chf was organized for the sole purpose of buying receivables and selling undivided interests in those receivables to third-party purchasers. although consolidated with cardinal health, inc. in accordance with gaap, chf is a separate legal entity from cardinal health, inc. and from our subsidiary that sells receivables to chf. chf is designed to be a special purpose, bankruptcy-remote entity whose assets are available solely to satisfy the claims of its creditors.
our revolving credit and committed receivables sales facilities require us to maintain a consolidated net leverage ratio of no more than 3.75-to-1. as of june 30, 2021, we were in compliance with this financial covenant.
at june 30, 2021 and 2020, we had no amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facility; however, availability was reduced by outstanding letters of credit of $1 million at both june 30, 2021 and 2020.
under our committed receivables sales facility program, we had a maximum amount outstanding of $200 million and an immaterial daily amount outstanding during fiscal 2021. we had no amounts outstanding as of june 30, 2021 under the committed receivables sales facility program; however, availability was reduced by outstanding standby letters of credit of $31 million and $29 million at june 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
we had no amounts outstanding under the commercial paper program as of june 30, 2021 and 2020.
we also maintain other short-term credit facilities and an unsecured line of credit that allowed for borrowings up to $6 million at both june 30, 2021 and 2020. the $67 million and $35 million balance of other obligations at june 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, consisted of finance leases and short-term borrowings.
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k notes to financial statements
7. commitments, contingent liabilities and litigation commitments generic sourcing venture with cvs health corporation ("cvs health")
in july 2014, we established red oak sourcing, llc ("red oak sourcing"), a u.s.-based generic pharmaceutical sourcing venture with cvs health for an initial term of 10 years. red oak sourcing negotiates generic pharmaceutical supply contracts on behalf of its participants. in august 2021, we amended our agreement to extend the term through june 2029. we are required to make quarterly payments to cvs health for the term of the arrangement. these payments are included as purchase obligations and other payments in the contractual obligations section of md&a.
contingencies new york opioid stewardship act in april 2018, the state of new york passed a budget which included the opioid stewardship act (the "osa"). the osa created an aggregate $100 million annual assessment on all manufacturers and distributors licensed to sell or distribute opioids in new york. under the osa, each licensed manufacturer and distributor would be required to pay a portion of the assessment based on its share of the total morphine milligram equivalents sold or distributed in new york during the applicable calendar year, beginning in 2017.
the constitutionality of portions of the osa has been challenged in court. in december 2018, the osa was ruled unconstitutional by the u.s. district court for the southern district of new york. subsequently, new york passed a new statute that modified the assessment going forward and limited the osa to two years (2017 and 2018). the u.s. court of appeals for the second circuit reversed the district court's decision on procedural grounds. in february 2021, the second circuit stayed the effect of the ruling pending a petition to the u.s. supreme court to review the second circuit's opinion. if the u.s. supreme court declines to take the case, or if it ultimately upholds the second circuit's ruling, new york state would likely seek to collect amounts allegedly owed under the osa.
we accrue contingencies if it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be estimated. because of the second circuit ruling, we recorded an aggregate accrual of $41 million for calendar years 2017 and 2018 in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 based on the probable estimated payment amount, which is our best estimate of the osa payments probable at june 30, 2021.
from time to time, we determine that products we source, manufacture or market do not meet our specifications, regulatory requirements, or published standards. when we or a regulatory agency identify a potential quality or regulatory issue, we investigate and take appropriate corrective action. such actions have led to product recalls, costs to repair or replace affected products, temporary interruptions in product sales, product liability claims and lawsuits and can lead to action by regulators. even absent an identified regulatory or quality issue or product recall, we can become subject to product liability claims and lawsuits.
from time to time, we become aware through employees, internal audits or other parties of possible product quality, regulatory or compliance matters, such as complaints or concerns relating to accounting, internal accounting controls, financial reporting, auditing, or other ethical matters or relating to compliance with laws such as healthcare fraud and abuse, anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws. when we become aware of such possible compliance matters, we investigate internally and take appropriate corrective action. in addition, from time to time, we receive subpoenas or requests for information from various federal or state agencies relating to our business or to the business of a customer, supplier or other industry participants. internal investigations, subpoenas or requests for information could directly or indirectly lead to the assertion of claims or the commencement of legal proceedings against us or result in sanctions.
we have been named from time to time in qui tam actions initiated by private third parties. in such actions, the private parties purport to act on behalf of federal or state governments, allege that false claims have been submitted for payment by the government and may receive an award if their claims are successful. after a private party has filed a qui tam action, the government must investigate the private party's claim and determine whether to intervene in and take control over the litigation. these actions may remain under seal while the government makes this determination. if the government declines to intervene, the private party may nonetheless continue to pursue the litigation on his or her own purporting to act on behalf of the government.
we accrue for contingencies related to disputes, litigation and regulatory matters if it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. because these matters are inherently unpredictable and unfavorable developments or resolutions can occur, assessing contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgments about future events. we regularly review contingencies to determine whether our accruals and related disclosures are adequate. the amount of ultimate loss may differ from these estimates.
we recognize income from the favorable outcome of litigation when we receive the associated cash or assets.
we recognize estimated loss contingencies for certain litigation and regulatory matters and income from favorable resolution of litigation in litigation (recoveries)/charges in our consolidated statements of earnings/(loss).
opioid lawsuits and investigations pharmaceutical wholesale distributors, including us, have been named as defendants in approximately 3,300 lawsuits relating to the distribution of prescription opioid pain medications. the lawsuits seek equitable relief and monetary damages based on a variety of legal theories including various common law claims, such as public nuisance, negligence and unjust enrichment as well cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k notes to financial statements as violations of controlled substance laws, the racketeer influenced and corrupt organizations act and various other statutes. these lawsuits also name pharmaceutical manufacturers, retail pharmacy chains and other entities as defendants.
states & political subdivisions approximately 2,900 of these lawsuits have been filed by counties, municipalities, cities and political subdivisions in various federal, state, and other courts. the vast majority of these lawsuits were filed in u.s. federal court and have been transferred for consolidated pre-trial proceedings in a multi-district litigation proceeding in the u.s. district court for the northern district of ohio (the "mdl").
in addition, 25 state attorneys general have filed lawsuits against distributors, including us, in various state courts. we have also received requests, civil investigative demands, subpoenas or requests for information from additional state attorneys general offices and governmental authorities.
in october 2019, we agreed in principle to a global settlement framework with a leadership group of state attorneys general; the framework is designed to resolve pending and future opioid lawsuits and claims by states and political subdivisions, but not private plaintiffs (the "settlement framework"). we continued to build out the settlement framework and to negotiate the terms of the settlement with the leadership group and other representatives of states and political subdivisions.
in july, 2021, we announced that we and two other national distributors have negotiated a proposed settlement agreement (the "proposed settlement agreement") and settlement process that, if all conditions are satisfied, would result in the settlement of the vast majority of opioid lawsuits filed by state and local governmental entities. west virginia subdivisions and native american tribes are not a part of this settlement process and we have been involved in separate negotiations with these groups. the settlement process does not contemplate participation by any non-governmental or non-political entities or individuals. in connection with the negotiations of the proposed settlement agreement, we and the two other national distributors entered into a settlement with the state of new york and its participating subdivisions. if the proposed settlement agreement becomes effective, new york and its participating subdivisions will become a part of it.
the proposed settlement agreement is subject to contingencies and will not become effective unless and until the three distributors each make separate independent determinations that (1) following a sign-on period, a sufficient number of states have agreed to the proposed settlement agreement (the "settling states"); and, subsequently, (2) following a notice period, that a sufficient number of states and political subdivisions, including those that have not sued, have agreed to the agreement (or otherwise had their claims foreclosed) to proceed to effectiveness. prior to the second determination, the settling states will also have an opportunity to make a determination as to whether a sufficient number of political subdivisions have agreed to the proposed settlement agreement (or otherwise had their claims foreclosed) to proceed with the proposed settlement agreement. this process is currently contemplated to end in february 2022, although it may be extended by agreement. it is possible that a sufficient number of states and subdivisions will not agree to the proposed settlement agreement or that other required contingencies will not be satisfied.
if these conditions are satisfied, the proposed settlement agreement would become effective sixty (60) days after the distributors determine that there is sufficient participation among political subdivisions. during this 60-day period, the settling states and the distributors would cooperate to obtain consent judgments in each participating state embodying the terms of the settlement.
the proposed settlement agreement includes a cash component, pursuant to which the company would pay up to approximately $6.37 billion, the majority of which would be paid over 18 years. the exact payment amount will depend on several factors, including the participation rate of states and political subdivisions, the extent to which states take action to foreclose opioid lawsuits by political subdivisions (e.g., laws barring or limiting opioid lawsuits by political subdivisions), and the extent to which political subdivisions in settling states file additional opioid lawsuits against the company after the proposed settlement agreement becomes effective.
the proposed settlement agreement also includes injunctive relief terms related to settling distributors' controlled substance anti-diversion programs, including with respect to: (1) governance; (2) independence and training of the personnel operating our controlled substances monitoring program; (3) due diligence for new and existing customers; (4) ordering limits for certain products; and (5) suspicious order monitoring. a monitor will be selected to oversee compliance with these provisions for a period of five years. in addition, we and the two other settling distributors will engage a third-party vendor to act as a clearinghouse for data aggregation and reporting; distributors will fund the clearinghouse for ten years.
in total, we have recorded total pre-tax charges of $1.17 billion and $5.63 billion in litigation charges/(recoveries), net in the years ended june 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. in total, we have $6.73 billion accrued at june 30, 2021, of which $405 million is included in other accrued liabilities and the remainder is included in deferred income taxes and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.
because loss contingencies are inherently unpredictable and unfavorable developments or resolutions can occur, the assessment is highly subjective and requires judgments about future events. we regularly review these opioid litigation matters to determine whether our accrual is adequate. the amount of ultimate loss may differ materially from this accrual, whether as a result of settlement discussions, a judicial decision or verdict or otherwise, but we are not able to estimate a range of reasonably possible additional losses for these matters. we continue to strongly dispute the allegations made in these lawsuits and reaching an agreement in principle on a global settlement framework is not an admission of liability or wrongdoing.
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k notes to financial statements additionally, a trial before a judge in west virginia in the cabell county and city of huntington cases concluded in july 2021 and the judge has not yet issued a decision. in addition, a trial in the case brought by the ohio attorney general is scheduled to begin in september 2021 and a trial in the case brought by the washington attorney general is scheduled to begin in november 2021. the ohio attorney general has issued a press release indicating support for the proposed settlement agreement; however, the washington attorney general has issued a press release stating that washington will not agree to the proposed settlement agreement. these public announcements are not binding and there is no assurance that any state that has made a public announcement of support for the proposed settlement agreement will ultimately execute the proposed settlement agreement.
private plaintiffs the proposed settlement agreement does not address claims by private parties, which includes unions and other health and welfare funds, hospital systems and other healthcare providers, businesses and individuals alleging personal injury. private parties had brought approximately 442 lawsuits as of august 10, 2021. of these, 128 are purported class actions. the causes of action asserted by these plaintiffs are similar to those asserted by public plaintiffs. a trial in one case is currently scheduled to begin in october 2021. we are vigorously defending ourselves in these matters.
insurance litigation we are involved in legal proceedings with two insurers related to the availability of insurance coverage for the lawsuits described above. in october 2020, we filed a complaint for declaratory judgment against national union fire insurance company of pittsburgh, pa ("national union") seeking a declaration that national union is obligated to reimburse us for defense costs incurred in connection with the lawsuits described above. in january, 2021, swiss re international se commenced an arbitration in london seeking a determination that it does not have an obligation to reimburse us for defense and indemnity expenses incurred in connection with the lawsuits described above. we have not recorded a receivable for any recoveries related to these insurance litigation matters as of june 30, 2021.
department of justice investigations we have received federal grand jury subpoenas issued in connection with investigations being conducted by the u.s. attorney's office for the eastern district of new york and the fraud section of the u.s. department of justice ("doj"). we have also received civil requests for information from other doj offices. we believe that these investigations concern operation of our anti-diversion program, our anti-diversion policies and procedures, and distribution of certain controlled substances. we are cooperating with these requests. we are unable to predict the outcome of any of these investigations.
cordis product liability lawsuits as of august 10, 2021, we are named as a defendant in 419 product liability lawsuits coordinated in alameda county superior court in california involving claims by approximately 5,427 plaintiffs that allege personal injuries associated with the use of cordis optease and trapease inferior vena cava ("ivc") filter products. another 32 lawsuits involving similar claims by approximately 37 plaintiffs are pending in other jurisdictions. these lawsuits seek a variety of remedies, including unspecified monetary damages. in july 2021, we entered into an agreement to settle approximately 1,300 claims. this agreement is subject to certain contingencies. we continue to vigorously defend ourselves in these lawsuits and are engaged in ongoing resolution discussions with certain plaintiffs.
at june 30, 2021, we had a total of $524 million net of estimated insurance recoveries, accrued for losses and legal defense costs, net of expected insurance recoveries, related to the cordis ivc filter lawsuits in the consolidated balance sheets. we believe there is a range of estimated losses with respect to these matters. because no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount within the range, we have accrued the minimum amount in the range. we estimate the high end of the range to be approximately $1.03 billion, net of estimated insurance recoveries. the sale of the cordis disposal group does not include product liability related to the ivc filters in the u.s. and canada, which we retained.
sec investigation in february 2021, we received a subpoena from the u.s. securities and exchange commission requesting the production of documents from 2015 through 2019 relating to inventory in the cordis business, analysis of goodwill of the medical segment and other matters. we are cooperating with this inquiry and cannot predict its outcome or duration.
shareholder securities litigation in august 2019, the louisiana sheriffs' pension & relief fund filed a purported class action complaint against cardinal health and certain current and former officers and employees in the united states district court for the southern district of ohio purportedly on behalf of all purchasers of our common shares between march 2015 and may 2018. in june 2020, the court appointed 1199 seiu health care employees pension fund as lead plaintiff and a consolidated amended complaint was filed in september 2020. the amended complaint alleges that the defendants violated sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the securities and exchange act of 1934 by making misrepresentations and omissions related to the acquisition integration of the cordis business and inventory and supply chain problems within the cordis business, and seeks to recover unspecified damages and equitable relief for the alleged misstatements and omissions. the complaint also alleges that one of the individual defendants violated section 20a of the exchange act because he sold shares of cardinal health stock during the time period. in november 2020, we filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint. we believe that the claims asserted in this cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k notes to financial statements complaint are without merit and intend to vigorously defend against them.
specialty solutions doj investigation in november 2018, the united states attorney's office for the district of massachusetts (the "usao") commenced an investigation pertaining to the u.s. federal healthcare fraud and abuse laws. these requests sought, among other things, documents and information relating to discounts and rebates offered or provided to certain specialty solutions customers. we are cooperating with these requests and are engaged in resolution discussions with the usao and department of health and human services, office of inspector general. in connection with these discussions, we recorded $13 million of expense within litigation charges/(recoveries) on our consolidated statements of earnings/(loss) during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021. we cannot predict the outcome of the discussions and it is possible that we may incur additional losses or agree to other remedial measures; however, we are not currently able to estimate a range of reasonably possible additional losses.
other civil litigation generic pharmaceutical pricing antitrust litigation in december 2019, pharmaceutical distributors including us were added as defendants in a civil class action lawsuit filed by indirect purchasers of generic drugs, such as hospitals and retail pharmacies. the indirect purchaser case is part of a multidistrict litigation consisting of multiple individual class action matters consolidated in the eastern district of pennsylvania. the indirect purchaser plaintiffs allege that pharmaceutical distributors encouraged manufacturers to increase prices, provided anti-competitive pricing information to manufacturers and improperly engaged in customer allocation. we have filed a motion to dismiss the complaints and we intend to vigorously defend ourselves.
active pharmaceutical ingredient impurity litigation many participants in the pharmaceutical supply chain, including active pharmaceutical ingredient ("api") manufacturers, finished dose manufacturers, repackagers, distributors, and retailers have been named as defendants in lawsuits arising out of recalls of certain medications due to alleged impurities in the active pharmaceutical ingredients or finished product.
in february 2019, a multidistrict litigation was created in the u.s. district court for the district of new jersey (the "sartan mdl") alleging api impurities in certain generic blood pressure medications. we have been named as a defendant in the sartan mdl. we are vigorously defending ourselves in this matter.
antitrust litigation proceeds we received and recognized income resulting from settlements of lawsuits in which we were a class member or plaintiff of $112 million, $16 million and $94 million during fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.
8. income taxes earnings/(loss) before income taxes and provision for/(benefit from) income taxes the following table summarizes earnings/(loss) before income taxes:
the following table summarizes the components of provision for/(benefit from) income taxes:
provision for/(benefit from) income taxes          $(289)                    $(79)                  $386
tax effects of self-insurance pre-tax loss during fiscal 2021, our wholly-owned insurance subsidiary recorded a self-insurance pre-tax loss in its fiscal 2020 statutory financial statements primarily related to opioid litigation. this self-insurance pre-tax loss, which did not impact our pre-tax consolidated results, was deducted on our fiscal 2020 consolidated federal income tax return and contributed to a significant net operating loss for tax purposes. the net operating loss was carried back and applied to adjust our taxable income for fiscal 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018 as permitted under the coronavirus aid, relief and economic security ("cares") act enacted by the united states congress in march 2020.
accordingly, our provision for income taxes during fiscal 2021 included a $424 million benefit from the net operating loss carryback primarily to reflect the difference between the federal statutory income tax rate during the fiscal years from 2015 to 2018 (35 percent for fiscal 2015, 2016, and 2017 and 28 percent for fiscal 2018) and the current federal statutory income tax rate of 21 percent.
notes to financial statements liability by approximately $700 million during fiscal 2021 related to this matter.
we have recorded these amounts based on management's judgment and our current understanding of tax law; however, it is possible that the tax authorities could challenge these tax benefits or that the tax law could change. the actual amount of the tax benefit may differ materially from these estimates.
tax effects of opioid litigation charges in connection with the $1.17 billion and $5.63 billion pre-tax charges for the opioid litigation, during fiscal 2021 and 2020, we recorded a tax benefit of $228 million and $488 million, respectively. our tax benefits are estimates, which reflect our current assessment of the estimated future deductibility of the amount that may be paid under the accrual taken in connection with the opioid litigation and are net of unrecognized tax benefits of $219 million and $469 million, respectively.
we have made reasonable estimates and recorded amounts based on management's judgment and our current understanding of the tax act; however, these estimates require significant judgment since the u.s. tax law governing deductibility was changed by the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act ("tax act"). further, it is possible congress or the tax authorities could challenge our interpretation of the tax act or the estimates and assumptions used to assess the future deductibility of these benefits. the actual amount of the tax benefit may differ materially from these estimates.
effective tax rate the following table presents a reconciliation of the provision based on the federal statutory income tax rate to our effective income tax rate:
state and local income taxes, net of federal benefit                       3.2                       2.5                     0.9
tax effect of foreign operations                                           0.7                         -                   (0.7)
change in valuation allowances                                           (1.4)                       1.5                     4.5
impact of resolutions with irs and other related matters (2)            (13.6)                     (0.4)                   (0.1)
legal entity reorganization                                                  -                         -                   (3.6)
(1)    the table represents the following: fiscal 2021 is pretax income with tax benefit, fiscal 2020 is pretax loss with tax benefit, and fiscal 2019 is pretax income with tax expense.
(3)    includes the tax impact of global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti") tax, the foreign-derived intangible income deduction and other foreign income that is taxable under the u.s. tax code.
the income tax benefit rate was 89.7% and 2.1% in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 compared to an income tax expense rate of 22.1% in fiscal 2019. fluctuations in the effective tax rates are primarily due to the impact of opioid litigation in fiscal 2021 and 2020, as well as the impact of the carryback claim filed in accordance with the cares act provision in fiscal year 2021.
our effective tax rate has benefits from negotiated lower than statutory tax rates in select foreign jurisdictions which individually are not material to our effective tax rate but in aggregate have a favorable tax impact of approximately $20 million during fiscal 2021.
as of june 30, 2021, foreign earnings of approximately $825 million are considered indefinitely reinvested for working capital and other offshore investment needs. the computation of tax required if those earnings are repatriated is not practicable. for amounts not considered indefinitely reinvested, we have recorded an immaterial amount of income tax expense in our financial statements in fiscal 2021.
deferred income taxes deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between financial reporting and tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards for tax purposes.
the following table presents the components of the deferred income tax assets and liabilities at june 30:
78       cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k notes to financial statements deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the preceding table, after netting by taxing jurisdiction and for uncertain tax positions, are in the following captions in the consolidated balance sheets at june 30:
at june 30, 2021 we had gross federal, state and international loss and credit carryforwards of $272 million, $3.9 billion and $2.3 billion, respectively, the tax effect of which is an aggregate deferred tax asset of $805 million. substantially all of these carryforwards are available for at least three years. approximately $477 million of the valuation allowance at june 30, 2021 applies to certain federal, state and international loss carryforwards that, in our opinion, are more likely than not to expire unutilized. however, to the extent that tax benefits related to these carryforwards are realized in the future, the reduction in the valuation allowance would reduce income tax expense.
unrecognized tax benefits we had $932 million, $998 million and $456 million of unrecognized tax benefits at june 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the june 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 balances include $849 million, $753 million and $303 million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would have an impact on the effective tax rate. the remaining unrecognized tax benefits relate to tax positions for which ultimate deductibility is highly certain but for which there is uncertainty as to the timing of such deductibility. recognition of these tax benefits would not affect our effective tax rate. we include the full amount of unrecognized tax benefits in deferred income taxes and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. the following table presents a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of unrecognized tax benefits:
balance at beginning of fiscal year                      $998                   $456                  $423
additions for tax positions of the current year           121                    500                    24
additions for tax positions of prior years                223                     78                    39
reductions for tax positions of prior years             (138)                   (27)                   (5)
expiration of the statute of limitations                  (1)                    (3)                     -
balance at end of fiscal year                            $932                   $998                  $456
it is reasonably possible that there could be a change in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months due to activities of the u.s. internal revenue service ("irs") or other taxing authorities, possible settlement of audit issues, reassessment of existing unrecognized tax benefits or the expiration of statutes of limitations. we estimate that the range of the possible change in unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months is a net decrease of $0 million to $20 million, exclusive of penalties and interest.
we recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes. at june 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, we had $49 million, $146 million and $122 million, respectively, accrued for the payment of interest and penalties. these balances are gross amounts before any tax benefits and are included in deferred income taxes and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. as a result of our irs audit settlements and carryback claim, an immaterial amount of interest was recorded in fiscal 2021. during fiscal 2020 and 2019, we recognized $16 million and $8 million of expense for interest and penalties in income tax expense, respectively.
we are a party to a tax matters agreement with carefusion corporation ("carefusion"), which has been acquired by becton, dickinson and company. under the tax matters agreement, carefusion is obligated to indemnify us for certain tax exposures and transaction taxes prior to our fiscal 2010 spin-off of carefusion. the indemnification receivable was $72 million and $176 million at june 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets.
as a result of the acquisition of the patient recovery business, medtronic plc is obligated to indemnify us for certain tax exposures and transaction taxes related to periods prior to the acquisition under the purchase agreement. the indemnification receivable was $12 million and $19 million at june 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets.
notes to financial statements
(1)the other investments balance includes investments in mutual funds, which offset fluctuations in deferred compensation liabilities. these mutual funds invest in the equity securities of companies with both large and small market capitalization and high-quality fixed income debt securities. the fair value of these investments is determined using quoted market prices.
(2)the fair value of interest rate swaps, foreign currency contracts, net investment hedges and commodity contracts is determined based on the present value of expected future cash flows considering the risks involved, including non-performance risk, and using discount rates appropriate for the respective maturities. observable level 2 inputs are used to determine the present value of expected future cash flows. the fair value of these derivative contracts, which are subject to master netting arrangements under certain circumstances, is presented on a gross basis in prepaid expenses and other, other assets, other accrued liabilities, and deferred income taxes and other liabilities within the consolidated balance sheets.
assets and (liabilities) measured on a nonrecurring basis assets and liabilities held for sale of $1.1 billion and $96 million, respectively, at june 30, 2021 are primarily related to the divestiture of our cordis business. these estimated fair values utilized level 3 unobservable inputs based on expected sales proceeds following a competitive bidding process. see note 2 for additional information regarding assets and liabilities held for sale.
10. financial instruments we utilize derivative financial instruments to manage exposure to certain risks related to our ongoing operations. the primary risks managed through the use of derivative instruments include interest rate risk, currency exchange risk, and commodity price risk. we do not use derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. while the majority of our derivative instruments are designated as hedging instruments, we also enter into derivative instruments that are designed to hedge a risk, but are not designated as hedging instruments. these derivative instruments are adjusted to current fair value through earnings at the end of each period. we are exposed to counterparty credit risk on all of our derivative instruments. accordingly, we have established and maintain strict counterparty credit guidelines and only enter into derivative instruments with major financial institutions that are rated investment grade or better. we do not have significant exposure to any one counterparty and we believe the risk of loss is remote. additionally, we do not require collateral under these agreements.
interest rate risk management we are exposed to the impact of interest rate changes. our objective is to manage the impact of interest rate changes on cash flows and the market value of our borrowings. we utilize a mix of debt maturities along with both fixed-rate and variable-rate debt to manage changes in interest rates. in addition, we enter into interest rate swaps to further manage our exposure to interest rate variations related to our borrowings and to lower our overall borrowing costs.
currency exchange risk management we conduct business in several major international currencies and are subject to risks associated with changing foreign exchange rates. our objective is to reduce earnings and cash flow volatility associated with foreign exchange rate changes to allow management to focus its attention on business operations. accordingly, we enter into various contracts that change in value as foreign exchange rates change to protect the value of existing foreign currency assets and liabilities, commitments and anticipated foreign currency revenue and expenses.
commodity price risk management we are exposed to changes in the price of certain commodities. our objective is to reduce earnings and cash flow volatility associated with forecasted purchases of these commodities to allow management to focus its attention on business operations. accordingly, we enter into derivative contracts when possible to manage the price risk associated with certain forecasted purchases.
the following table summarizes the fair value of our assets and liabilities related to derivatives designated as hedging instruments and the respective line items in which they were recorded in the consolidated balance sheets at june 30:
fair value hedges we enter into pay-floating interest rate swaps to hedge the changes in the fair value of fixed-rate debt resulting from fluctuations in interest rates. these contracts are designated and qualify as fair value hedges. accordingly, the gain or loss recorded on the pay-floating interest rate swaps is directly offset by the change in fair value of the underlying debt. both the derivative instrument and the underlying debt are adjusted to market value at the end of each period with any resulting gain or loss recorded in interest expense, net in the consolidated statements of earnings/(loss). during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 there was no gain or loss recorded to interest expense as changes in the market value of our derivative instruments offset changes in the market value of the underlying debt.
during fiscal 2021, we unwound certain interest rate swap contracts with the notional amount of $550 million. in connection with the unwind of these contracts, we received cash proceeds of
80       cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k notes to financial statements
$18 million. the related gain will be recognized in interest expense, net in our statements of earnings/(loss) over the remaining term of the debt agreement, which matures in march 2023.
during fiscal 2021, we entered into a pay-floating interest rate swap with total notional amounts of $200 million. this swap has been designated as fair value hedges of our fixed rate debt and is included in deferred income taxes and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.
in may 2020, we unwound certain interest rate swap contracts. in connection with the unwind of these contracts, we received cash proceeds of $112 million. the related gain will be recognized in interest expense, net in our statements of earnings/(loss) over the remaining term of the related debt agreements, which ranged from 48 months to 63 months at june 30, 2020.
in connection with the debt repayment as described in note 6, two pay-floating interest rate swaps with notional amounts of $200 million matured in the second quarter of fiscal 2020.
during fiscal 2019, we terminated notional amounts of $163 million of pay-floating interest rate swaps in connection with the debt repurchases in fiscal 2019 described in note 6. these swaps were previously designated as fair value hedges.
(1) included in interest expense, net in the consolidated statements of earnings/(loss).
cash flow hedges we enter into derivative instruments to hedge our exposure to changes in cash flows attributable to interest rate, foreign currency and commodity price fluctuations associated with certain forecasted transactions. these derivative instruments are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges. accordingly, the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss and reclassified into earnings in the same line item associated with the forecasted transaction and in the same period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings.
during fiscal 2020, we entered into forward interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of $200 million to hedge probable, but not firmly committed, future transactions associated with our debt. during fiscal 2021, we terminated these swaps and reclassified an immaterial deferred gain from accumulated other comprehensive loss into interest expense, net in our consolidated statements of earnings/(loss) because the forecasted transactions were probable of not occurring.
we enter into foreign currency contracts to protect the value of anticipated foreign currency revenues and expenses. at june 30, 2021 and 2020, we held contracts to hedge probable, but not firmly committed, revenue and expenses. the principal currencies hedged are the chinese renminbi, canadian dollar, euro, thai baht and mexican peso.
we enter into commodity contracts to manage the price risk associated with forecasted purchases of certain commodities used in our medical segment.
(1)    included in revenue in the consolidated statements of earnings/(loss).
(2)    included in cost of products sold in the consolidated statements of earnings/(loss).
(3)    included in sg&a expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings/(loss).
(4) included in interest expense, net in the consolidated statements of earnings/(loss).
notes to financial statements net investment hedges we hedge the foreign currency risk associated with certain net investment positions in foreign subsidiaries. to accomplish this, we enter into cross-currency swaps that are designated as hedges of net investments.
cross-currency swaps designated as net investment hedges are marked-to-market using the current spot exchange rate as of the end of the period, with gains and losses included in the foreign currency translation component of accumulated other comprehensive loss until the sale or substantial liquidation of the underlying net investments. to the extent the cross-currency swaps designated as net investment hedges are not highly effective, changes in carrying value attributable to the change in spot rates are recorded in earnings.
pre-tax gain and loss from net investment hedges recorded in the foreign currency translation component of accumulated other comprehensive loss was a $7 million loss and a $35 million gain during fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. gains recognized in interest expense, net in the consolidated statements of earnings/(loss) for the portion of the net investment hedges excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness were $19 million and $17 million during fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively.
economic (non-designated) hedges we enter into foreign currency contracts to manage our foreign exchange exposure related to sales transactions, intercompany financing transactions and other balance sheet items subject to revaluation that do not meet the requirements for hedge accounting treatment. accordingly, these derivative instruments are adjusted to current market value at the end of each period through earnings. the gain or loss recorded on these instruments is substantially offset by the remeasurement adjustment on the foreign currency denominated asset or liability. the settlement of the derivative instrument and the remeasurement adjustment on the foreign currency denominated asset or liability are both recorded in other (income)/expense, net. the principal currency managed through foreign currency contracts is the chinese renminbi, canadian dollar, euro, mexican peso, and brazilian real.
the following tables summarize the outstanding economic (non-designated) derivative instruments at june 30:
the following table summarizes the gain/(loss) recognized in earnings for economic (non-designated) derivative instruments:
(1)    included in other income, net in the consolidated statements of earnings/(loss).
fair value of financial instruments the carrying amounts of cash and equivalents, trade receivables, net, accounts payable, and other accrued liabilities at june 30, 2021 and 2020 approximate fair value due to their short-term maturities.
the following table summarizes the estimated fair value of our long-term obligations and other short-term borrowings compared to the respective carrying amounts at june 30:
the fair value of our long-term obligations and other short-term borrowings is estimated based on either the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues or other inputs derived from available market information, which represents a level 2 measurement.
the following table is a summary of the fair value gain/(loss) of our derivative instruments based upon the estimated amount that we would receive (or pay), considering counter-party credit risk, to terminate the contracts at june 30:
11. shareholders' equity at june 30, 2021 and 2020, authorized capital shares consisted of the following: 750 million class a common shares, without par value; 5 million class b common shares, without par value; and 500 thousand non-voting preferred shares, without par value. the class a common shares and class b common shares are collectively referred to below as "common shares". holders of common shares are entitled to share equally in any dividends declared by the board of directors and to participate equally in all distributions of assets upon liquidation. generally, the holders of class a common shares are entitled to one vote per share, and the holders of class b common shares are entitled to one-fifth of one vote per share on proposals presented to shareholders for vote. under certain circumstances, the holders of class b common
82       cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k notes to financial statements shares are entitled to vote as a separate class. only class a common shares were outstanding at june 30, 2021 and 2020.
we repurchased $1.15 billion of our common shares, in the aggregate, through share repurchase programs during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, as described below. we funded the repurchases with available cash and short term borrowings. the common shares repurchased are held in treasury to be used for general corporate purposes.
during fiscal 2021, we repurchased 3.7 million common shares having an aggregate cost of $200 million. the average price paid per common share was $54.40. these repurchases were made under an accelerated share repurchase ("asr") program, which began on february 9, 2021 and was completed on march 31, 2021.
during fiscal 2020, we repurchased 7.3 million common shares having an aggregate cost of $350 million. the average price paid per common share was $48.00. these repurchases were made under an asr program, which began on august 20, 2019 and was completed on december 4, 2019.
during fiscal 2019, we repurchased 11.5 million common shares having an aggregate cost of $600 million. the average price paid per common share was $52.32. these repurchases were made under an asr program, which began on august 16, 2018 and was completed on october 25, 2018.
accumulated other comprehensive loss the following table summarizes the changes in the balance of accumulated other comprehensive loss by component and in total:
(in millions)                                                                                                  foreign                                        unrealized                accumulated other currency                                   gain/(loss) on                    comprehensive translation                                  derivatives,                             loss adjustments and other                          net of tax balance at june 30, 2019                                                                                       $(95)                                          $16                           $(79)
total other comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to cardinal health, inc., net of tax of $4 million        3                                             (28)                            (25)
total other comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to cardinal health, inc., net of tax of $4 million        46                                              24                              70
12. earnings/(loss) per share attributable to cardinal health, inc.
the following table reconciles the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to cardinal health, inc.:
net earnings/(loss) attributable to cardinal health, inc.                                 $611                   $(3,696)                  $1,363
effect of dilutive securities:
employee stock options, restricted share units, and performance share units                  2                          -                       1
basic earnings/(loss) per common share attributable to cardinal health, inc.:            $2.09                   $(12.61)                   $4.55
diluted earnings/(loss) per common share attributable to cardinal health, inc.:           2.08                    (12.61)                    4.53
the potentially dilutive employee stock options, restricted share units and performance share units that were anti-dilutive for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 were 3 million, 6 million and 7 million, respectively. during fiscal 2020, there were 2 million potentially dilutive employee stock options, restricted share units and performance share units not included in the computation of diluted loss per common share attributable to cardinal health, inc. because their effect would be anti-dilutive as a result of the net loss for the fiscal year.
13. segment information our operations are principally managed on a products and services basis and are comprised of two operating segments, which are the same as our reportable segments: pharmaceutical and medical. the factors for determining the reportable segments include the manner in which management evaluates performance for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance combined with the nature of the individual business activities.
revenue our pharmaceutical segment distributes branded and generic pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical and over-the-counter healthcare and consumer products in the united states. this segment also provides services to pharmaceutical manufacturers and healthcare providers for specialty pharmaceutical products; operates pharmacies, including pharmacies in community health centers, nuclear pharmacies and radiopharmaceutical manufacturing facilities; provides pharmacy management services to hospitals as well as medication therapy management and patient outcomes services to hospitals, other healthcare providers and payers; and repackages generic pharmaceuticals and over-the-counter healthcare products.
notes to financial statements products, this segment also distributes a broad range of medical, surgical and laboratory products known as national brand products and provides supply chain services and solutions to hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, clinical laboratories and other healthcare providers in the united states and canada. this segment also distributes medical products to patients' homes in the united states through our cardinal health at-home solutions division.
(1)corporate revenue consists of the elimination of inter-segment revenue and other revenue not allocated to the segments.
nuclear and precision health solutions                                    808                        802                       850
cardinal health at-home solutions                                       2,202                      2,015                     1,800
(1)products and services offered by our specialty solutions division are referred to as "specialty pharmaceutical products and services"
(2)comprised of all pharmaceutical segment businesses except for nuclear and precision health solutions division.
(3)comprised of all medical segment businesses except for cardinal health at-home solutions division
(4)corporate revenue consists of the elimination of inter-segment revenue and other revenue not allocated to the segments.
(1)corporate revenue consists of the elimination of inter-segment revenue and other revenue not allocated to the segments.
segment profit we evaluate segment performance based on segment profit, among other measures. segment profit is segment revenue, less segment cost of products sold, less segment distribution, selling, general, and administrative ("sg&a") expenses. segment sg&a expenses include share-based compensation expense as well as allocated corporate expenses for shared functions, including corporate management, corporate finance, financial and customer care shared services, human resources, information technology, legal and compliance, including certain litigation defense costs. corporate expenses are allocated to the segments based on headcount, level of benefit provided and other ratable allocation methodologies. the results attributable to noncontrolling interests are recorded within segment profit.
•surgical gown recall costs/(income); in connection with a voluntary recall for certain surgical gowns and a voluntary recall and field actions for surgical procedure packs containing affected gowns, we recognized a pre-tax charge of $85 million during fiscal 2020;
•impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets; in connection with the divestiture of the cordis business, we recognized a $60 million pre-tax write-down of the net assets held for sale during fiscal 2021; in connection with the navihealth divestiture discussed in note 2, we recognized a pre-tax gain of $508 million during fiscal 2019;
•litigation (recoveries)/charges, net; in connection with the opioid litigation as discussed further in note 7, we recognized pre-tax charges of $1.17 billion and $5.63 billion during fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively;
•state opioid assessment related to prior fiscal years; in connection with the new york opioid stewardship act as discussed further in note 7, we recognized a pre-tax charge of $41 million during fiscal 2021, related to calendar years 2017 and 2018 assessments;
•loss on early extinguishment of debt;
•(gain)/loss on sale of equity interest in navihealth; in connection with the sale of our remaining equity interest in a partnership that owned navihealth as discussed in note 2, we recognized a $579 million pre-tax gain ($493 million after tax) during fiscal 2020;
•provision for/(benefit from) income taxes in addition, certain investment spending, certain portions of enterprise-wide incentive compensation and other spending are not allocated to the segments. investment spending generally
84       cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k notes to financial statements includes the first-year spend for certain projects that require incremental investments in the form of additional operating expenses. because approval for these projects is dependent on executive management, we retain these expenses at corporate. investment spending within corporate was $27 million, $69 million and $55 million for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
the following tables present segment profit by reportable segment and corporate:
total segment profit                 2,261                      2,416                   2,410
total operating earnings              $472                   $(4,098)                  $2,060
(1) assets of $1.1 billion classified as held for sale related to the cordis divestiture were included within medical at june 30, 2021.
14. share-based compensation we maintain stock incentive plans (collectively, the "plans") for the benefit of certain of our officers, directors and employees. at june 30, 2021, 9 million shares remain available for future grants under the amended cardinal health, inc. 2011 long-term incentive plan ("2011 ltip"). under the 2011 ltip's fungible share counting provisions, stock options are counted against the plan as one share for every share issued; awards other than stock options are counted against the plan as two and one-half shares for every share issued. this means that only 3 million shares could be issued under awards other than stock options while 9 million shares could be issued under stock options. shares are issued out of treasury shares when stock options are exercised and when restricted share units and performance share units vest.
the following table provides total share-based compensation expense by type of award:
performance share unit expense                  16                   17                   9
the total tax benefit related to share-based compensation was $12 million, $16 million and $16 million for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
restricted share units restricted share units granted under the plans generally vest in equal annual installments over three years. restricted share units accrue cash dividend equivalents that are payable upon vesting of the awards.
the following table summarizes all transactions related to restricted share units under the plans:
notes to financial statements the following table provides additional data related to restricted share unit activity:
total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to nonvested restricted share and share unit awards not yet recognized, pre-tax          $73                  $77                 $75
total fair value of shares vested during the year                                                                                                       $70                  $57                 $68
stock options until the end of fiscal 2018, stock options were granted to our officers and certain employees. there were no stock options granted to employees during fiscal year 2021, 2020 or 2019. employee stock options granted under the plans generally vest in equal annual installments over three years and are exercisable for a period up to ten years from the grant date. all stock options are exercisable at a price equal to the market value of the common shares underlying the option on the grant date.
the following table summarizes all stock option transactions under the plans:
aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding options at period end                                                                   $11                    $12                   $10
aggregate intrinsic value of exercisable options at period end                                                                    11                     12                    10
aggregate intrinsic value of exercised options                                                                                    10                      8                     1
excess tax benefits from share based compensation                                                                                (5)                      6                     7
total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested stock options not yet recognized, pre-tax               -                      1                     5
total fair value of shares vested during the year                                                                                                         8                    20
weighted-average remaining contractual life of outstanding options                                                                                5
weighted-average remaining contractual life of exercisable options                                                                                5
the fair values were estimated on the grant date using a lattice valuation model. we believe the lattice model provides reasonable estimates because it has the ability to take into account individual exercise patterns based on changes in our stock price and other variables, and it provides for a range of input assumptions, which are disclosed in the table below. the risk-free rate is based on the u.s. treasury yield curve at the time of the grant. we analyzed historical data to estimate option exercise behaviors and employee terminations to be used within the lattice model. the expected life of the options granted was calculated from the option valuation model and represents the length of time in years that the options granted are expected to be outstanding. expected volatilities are based on implied volatility from traded options on our common shares and historical volatility over a period of time commensurate with the contractual term of the option grant (up to ten years).
performance share units performance share units generally vest over a 3-year performance period based on achievement of specific performance goals. based on the extent to which the targets are achieved, vested shares may range from zero to 240 percent of the target award amount. performance share units accrue cash dividend equivalents that are payable upon vesting of the awards.
86       cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k notes to financial statements the following table summarizes all transactions related to performance share units under the plans (based on target award amounts):
(in millions, except per share amounts)             performance                    weighted-average share units                     grant date fair value per share nonvested at june 30, 2019                            0.9                            $51.45
the following table provides additional data related to performance share unit activity:
total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to nonvested performance share units not yet recognized, pre-tax          $26                  $29                 $12
weighted-average period over which performance share unit cost is expected to be recognized (in years)                                         2                   2                   2
total fair value of shares vested during the year                                                                                         $1                   $5                  $-
employee retirement savings plans substantially all of our domestic non-union employees are eligible to be enrolled in our company-sponsored contributory retirement savings plans, which include features under section 401(k) of the internal revenue code of 1986, and provide for matching and discretionary contributions by us. the total expense for our employee retirement savings plans was $55 million, $66 million and $99 million for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
schedule ii       valuation and qualifying accounts cardinal health, inc. and subsidiaries schedule ii - valuation and qualifying accounts
(in millions)                                     balance at                 charged to costs   charged to                 deductions (3)                        balance at beginning of period                 and expenses (1)   other accounts (2)                                            end of period fiscal 2021
(1)fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 include $70 million, $49 million and $60 million, respectively, for reserves related to service charges and customer pricing disputes, excluded from provision for bad debts on the consolidated statements of cash flows and classified as a reduction in revenue in the consolidated statements of earnings/(loss).
(2)recoveries of amounts provided for or written off in prior years was $1 million in each fiscal year 2021, 2020 and 2019.
(3)write-off of uncollectible accounts or actual sales returns.
the sum of the components may not equal the total due to rounding.
88       cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k directors, executive officers, and corporate governance directors, executive officers and corporate governance information about our executive officers the following is a list of our executive officers:
name                                age                                                                                  position michael c. kaufmann                  58                                                                   chief executive officer jason m. hollar                      48                                                                   chief financial officer victor l. crawford                   60                                           chief executive officer, pharmaceutical segment stephen m. mason                     50                                                  chief executive officer, medical segment michele a. m. holcomb                                                executive vice president, strategy and corporate development ola m. snow                                                                                         chief human resources officer jessica l. mayer                     52                                                        chief legal and compliance officer brian s. rice                        58         executive vice president, chief information officer and customer support services the business experience summaries provided below for our executive officers describe positions held during the last five years (unless otherwise indicated).
mr. kaufmann has served as chief executive officer since january 2018. from november 2014 through december 2017, mr. kaufmann served as chief financial officer.
mr. hollar has served as chief financial officer since may 2020. prior to that, mr. hollar served as the executive vice president and chief financial officer of tenneco inc. ("tenneco") from july 2018. from june 2017 to june 2018, mr. hollar was senior vice president finance at tenneco. prior to that, mr. hollar served as chief financial officer of sears holding corporation ("sears") from october 2016 to april 2017 and was senior vice president, finance, at sears beginning in october 2014. sears filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy in october 2018.
mr. crawford has served as chief executive officer, pharmaceutical segment since november 2018. from september 2012 until november 2018, mr. crawford served as the chief operating officer, healthcare, education, business dining for aramark corporation.
mr. mason has served as chief executive officer, medical segment since august 2019. from september 2016 through august 2019, he served as president of our cardinal health at-home solutions within our medical segment.
ms. holcomb has served as executive vice president, strategy and corporate development since january 2017. she joined us from teva pharmaceutical industries ltd., where she served as senior vice president, strategy, portfolio, search, and partnerships and chief operating officer, global r&d from october 2015 to december 2016.
ms. snow has served as chief human resources officer since october 2018. from january 2016 through september 2018, ms. snow served as senior vice president, human resources, total rewards, talent acquisition and corporate business partner.
ms. mayer has served as chief legal and compliance officer since march 2019. ms. mayer served as executive vice president, deputy general counsel and secretary from september 2017 through march 2019 and was senior vice president, deputy general counsel from december 2015 through september 2017.
mr. rice has served as executive vice president, chief information officer and customer support services since february 2019. from 2009 until the beginning of 2019, mr. rice served as senior vice president, chief information officer & global and business services for kellogg company.
directors and corporate governance we have adopted standards of business conduct that apply to all of our directors, officers and employees. the standards of business conduct outline our corporate values and standards of integrity and behavior and are designed to protect and promote our reputation. the full text of the standards of business conduct is posted on our website at www.cardinalhealth.com under "about us - ethics and compliance."
any waiver of the standards of business conduct for directors or executive officers must be approved by the risk oversight committee. as required under sec and new york stock exchange rules, we will disclose future amendments to our standards of business conduct and waivers from the standards of business conduct for our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer, or persons performing similar functions, and our other executive officers and directors on our website within four business days following the date of the amendment or waiver.
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k directors, executive officers, and corporate governance the other information called for by item 10 of form 10-k is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement (which will be filed with the sec pursuant to regulation 14a under the exchange act) relating to our 2021 annual meeting of shareholders (our "2021 proxy statement") under the captions "corporate governance" and "share ownership information."
the other information called for by item 12 of form 10-k is incorporated by reference to our 2021 proxy statement under the caption "share ownership information."
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k exhibits exhibits, financial statement schedules
(a)(1) the following financial statements are included in the "financial statements" section of this report:
page consolidated financial statements and schedule:
consolidated statements of earnings/(loss) for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019
consolidated statements of comprehensive income/(loss) for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019
consolidated statements of shareholders' equity for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019
consolidated statements of cash flows for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019
notes to consolidated financial statements
all other schedules not listed above have been omitted as not applicable or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or in the notes thereto.
2.1.1                                                                 stock and asset purchase agreement, dated april 18, 2017, between cardinal health, inc. and medtronic plc (incorporated by reference to exhibit 2.1 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on april 18, 2017, file no. 1-11373)
2.1.2       amendment no. 1, dated as of july 28, 2017, to stock and asset purchase agreement, dated april 18, 2017, between cardinal health, inc. and medtronic plc (incorporated by reference to exhibit 2.2.2 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended june 30, 2017, file no. 1-11373)
3.1                                                                   amended and restated articles of incorporation of cardinal health, inc., as amended (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2008, file no. 1-11373)
3.2                                                                                                                     cardinal health, inc. restated code of regulations (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.2 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on november 12, 2019, file no. 1-11373)
4.1                                                                                          specimen certificate for common shares of cardinal health, inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.01 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2001, file no. 1-11373)
4.2.1                                                             indenture, dated as of june 2, 2008, between cardinal health, inc. and the bank of new york trust company, n.a. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on june 2, 2008, file no. 1-11373)
4.2.2                                                                                                                                               form of 3.200% notes due 2022 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.2 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on may 21, 2012, file no. 1-11373)
4.2.3                                                                                                                                          form of 3.200% notes due 2023 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.2 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on february 22, 2013, file no. 1-11373)
4.2.4                                                                                                                                          form of 4.600% notes due 2043 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.3 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on february 22, 2013, file no. 1-11373)
4.2.5                                                                                                                                          form of 2.400% notes due 2019 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on november 19, 2014, file no. 1-11373)
4.2.6                                                                                                                                          form of 3.500% notes due 2024 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.2 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on november 19, 2014, file no. 1-11373)
4.2.7                                                                                                                                          form of 4.500% notes due 2044 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.3 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on november 19, 2014, file no. 1-11373)
4.2.8                                                                                                                                              form of 3.750% notes due 2025 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.2 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on june 23, 2015, file no. 1-11373)
4.2.9                                                                                                                                              form of 4.900% notes due 2045 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.3 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on june 23, 2015, file no. 1-11373)
4.2.10                                                                                                                                              form of 2.616% notes due 2022 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.2 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on june 12, 2017, file no. 1-11373)
4.2.11                                                                                                                                       form of floating rate notes due 2022 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.3 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on june 12, 2017, file no. 1-11373)
4.2.12                                                                                                                                              form of 3.079% notes due 2024 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.4 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on june 12, 2017, file no. 1-11373)
4.2.13                                                                                                                                              form of 3.410% notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.5 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on june 12, 2017, file no. 1-11373)
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k exhibits
4.2.14                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            form of 4.368% notes due 2047 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.6 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on june 12, 2017, file no. 1-11373)
4.3                                                                      agreement to furnish to the securities and exchange commission upon request a copy of instruments defining the rights of holders of certain long-term debt of cardinal health, inc. and consolidated subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.07 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2005, file no. 1-11373)
4.4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               description of securities (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.4 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, file no. 1-11373)
10.1.1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               cardinal health, inc. 2011 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k/a filed on november 4, 2011, file no. 1-11373)*
10.1.2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                first amendment to cardinal health, inc. 2011 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1.2 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014)*
10.1.3                                                                                                                                                                                         form of nonqualified stock option agreement under the cardinal health, inc. 2011 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k/a filed on november 4, 2011, file no. 1-11373)*
10.1.4                                                                                                                                                                           form of nonqualified stock option agreement under the cardinal health, inc. 2011 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1.3 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2012, file no. 1-11373)*
10.1.5                                                                                                                                                                                                form of restricted share units agreement under the cardinal health, inc. 2011 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1.8 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014)*
10.1.6                                                                                                                                                                                           form of performance share units agreement under the cardinal health, inc. 2011 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k/a filed on november 4, 2011, file no. 1-11373)*
10.1.7       form of amendment to stock option and restricted share units agreements under the cardinal health, inc. 2011 long-term incentive plan, the cardinal health, inc. 2005 long-term incentive plan and the cardinal health, inc. 2007 nonemployee directors equity incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1.9 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013, file no. 1-11373)*
10.2.1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         amended cardinal health, inc. 2011 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on november 7, 2016, file no. 1-11373)*
10.2.2                                                                                                                                                                                                        first amendment to amended cardinal health, inc. 2011 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2.2 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year end june 30, 2017, file no. 1-11373)*
10.2.3                                                                                                                                                                                                second amendment to the amended cardinal health, inc. 2011 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended december 31, 3019, file no. 1-11373)*
10.2.4                                                                                                                                                                     form of nonqualified stock option agreement under the amended cardinal health, inc. 2011 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2.3 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year end june 30, 2017, file no. 1-11373)*
10.2.5                                                                                                                                                                        form of restricted share units agreement under the amended cardinal health, inc. 2011 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2.4 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year end june 30, 2017, file no. 1-11373)*
10.2.6                                                                                                                                                                      form of restricted share units agreement under the amended cardinal health, inc. 2011 long-term incentive plan (incorporate by reference to exhibit 10.3 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended december 31, 2019, file no. 1-11373)*
10.2.7                                                                                                                                                                       form of performance share units agreement under the amended cardinal health, inc. 2011 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2.5 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year end june 30, 2017, file no. 1-11373)*
10.2.8                                                                                                                                                            form of directors restricted share units agreement under the amended cardinal health, inc. 2011 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended december 31, 2018, file no. 1-11373)
10.3.1                                                                                                                                                                                                                               cardinal health, inc. 2005 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2008, file no. 1-11373)*
10.3.2                                                                                                                                                                                                          first amendment to cardinal health, inc. 2005 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1.1 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2009, file no. 1-11373)*
10.3.3                                                                                                                                                                                                         second amendment to cardinal health, inc. 2005 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1.2 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2009, file no. 1-11373)*
10.3.4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                third amendment to cardinal health, inc. 2005 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2.4 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014)*
10.3.5                                                                                                                                                                          form of nonqualified stock option agreement under the cardinal health, inc. 2005 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1.11 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2010, file no. 1-11373)*
10.4.1                                                                                                                                                                                                             cardinal health, inc. 2007 nonemployee directors equity incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended december 31, 2007, file no. 1-11373)*
10.4.2                                                                                                                                                                                       first amendment to cardinal health, inc. 2007 nonemployee directors equity incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2.1 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2009, file no. 1-11373)*
10.4.3                                                                                                                                                                                     second amendment to the cardinal health, inc. 2007 nonemployee directors equity incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.5 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended december 31, 2011, file no. 1-11373)*
10.5                                                                                                                                                                                         cardinal health deferred compensation plan, amended and restated effective january 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended december 31, 2019, file no. 1-11373)*
10.6.1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              cardinal health, inc. senior executive severance plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on september 26, 2018, file no. 1-11373)
10.6.2                                                                                                                                                                                                        first amendment to the cardinal health, inc. senior executive severance plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended december 31, 2019, file no. 1-11373)
10.7                                                                                                                                                                                                                  cardinal health, inc. policy regarding shareholder approval of severance agreements (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.09 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on august 7, 2006, file no. 1-11373)*
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k exhibits
10.8.1                                                                                       confidentiality and business protection agreement, effective as of february 15, 2010, between cardinal health, inc. and michael c. kaufmann (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.15 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2010, file no. 1-11373)*
10.8.2                                                                                                     aircraft time sharing agreement, effective as of february 8, 2018, by and between cardinal health, inc. and michael c. kaufmann (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2018, file no. 1-11373)
10.9.1                                                                                       confidentiality and business protection agreement, effective as of november 1, 2018, between cardinal health, inc. and victor l. crawford (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.13.1 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, file no. 1-11373)*
10.9.2                                                                                                                                 letter agreement, dated october 30, 2018, between cardinal health, inc. and victor l. crawford (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.13.2 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, file no. 1-11373) *
10.9.3                                                                                                                                                              letter agreement, dated march 9, 2020, between cardinal health, inc. and jason hollar (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on march 19, 2020, file no. 1-11373)*
10.9.4                                                                                                                  confidentiality and business protection agreement, effective as of april 27, 2020, between cardinal health, inc. and jason hollar (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on march 19, 2020, file no. 1-11373)*
10.10                                                                                                                                   form of indemnification agreement between cardinal health, inc. and certain individual directors (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.38 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2004, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.1                                                                                                                  issuing and paying agency agreement, dated august 9, 2006, between cardinal health, inc. and the bank of new york (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.01 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2006, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.2                                                                                                             first amendment to issuing and paying agency agreement, dated february 28, 2007, between cardinal health, inc. and the bank of new york (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.01 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on march 6, 2007, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.3                                                                                second amendment to issuing and paying agency agreement, effective as of december 1, 2016, between cardinal health, inc. and the bank of new york (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended december 31, 2016, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.4                                                                                        third amendment to issuing and paying agency agreement, dated september 15, 2017, between cardinal health, inc. and the bank of new york (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2017, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.5                                                                                                             commercial paper dealer agreement, dated august 9, 2006, between cardinal health, inc. and j.p. morgan securities inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.02 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2006, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.6                                                                                                        first amendment to commercial paper dealer agreement, dated february 28, 2007, between cardinal health, inc. and j.p. morgan securities inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.02 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on march 6, 2007, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.7                           second amendment to commercial paper dealer agreement, effective as of december 31, 2012, between cardinal health, inc. and j.p. morgan securities llc (formerly known as j.p. morgan securities inc.) (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended december 31, 2012, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.8                                                                                                 commercial paper dealer agreement between cardinal health, inc. and j.p. morgan securities llc, effective as of december 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.6 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended december 31, 2016, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.9                                                                                                          commercial paper dealer agreement, dated august 9, 2006, between cardinal health, inc. and banc of america securities llc (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.03 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2006, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.10                                                                                                     first amendment to commercial paper dealer agreement, dated february 28, 2007, between cardinal health, inc. and banc of america securities llc (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.03 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on march 6, 2007, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.11         second amendment to commercial paper dealer agreement, effective as of december 31, 2012, between cardinal health, inc. and merrill lynch, pierce, fenner &amp; smith incorporated, f/k/a banc of america securities llc (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.5 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended december 31, 2012, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.12                                                                     commercial paper dealer agreement between cardinal health, inc. and merrill lynch, pierce, fenner &amp; smith incorporated, effective as of december 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended december 31, 2016, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.13                                                                                                           commercial paper dealer agreement, dated august 9, 2006, between cardinal health, inc. and wachovia capital markets, llc (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.04 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2006, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.14                                                                                                      first amendment to commercial paper dealer agreement, dated february 28, 2007, between cardinal health, inc. and wachovia capital markets, llc (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.04 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on march 6, 2007, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.15               second amendment to commercial paper dealer agreement, effective as of december 31, 2012, between cardinal health, inc. and wells fargo securities, llc, as successor in interest to wachovia capital markets, llc (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.6 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended december 31, 2012, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.16                                                                                                commercial paper dealer agreement between cardinal health, inc. and wells fargo securities, llc, effective as of december 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.5 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended december 31, 2016, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.17                                                                                                                commercial paper dealer agreement, dated august 9, 2006, between cardinal health, inc. and goldman, sachs &amp; co. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.05 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2006, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.18                                                                                                           first amendment to commercial paper dealer agreement, dated february 28, 2007, between cardinal health, inc. and goldman, sachs &amp; co. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.05 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on march 6, 2007, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.19                                                                             second amendment to commercial paper dealer agreement, effective as of december 31, 2012, between cardinal health, inc. and goldman, sachs &amp; co. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.7 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended december 31, 2012, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.20                                                                                                    commercial paper dealer agreement between cardinal health, inc. and goldman sachs &amp; co., effective as of december 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended december 31, 2016, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.21                                                                                                                                        form of commercial paper dealer agreement between cardinal health, inc. and suntrust robinson humphrey, inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on april 21, 2009, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.22                                                                                                  form of first amendment to commercial paper dealer agreement between cardinal health, inc. and suntrust robinson humphrey, inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.8 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended december 31, 2012, file no. 1-11373)
10.11.23                                                                                           commercial paper dealer agreement between cardinal health, inc. and suntrust robinson humphrey, inc., effective as of december 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.7 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended december 31, 2016, file no. 1-11373)
cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k exhibits
10.12       second amended and restated five-year credit agreement, dated as of june 27, 2019, among jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. as administrative agent, joint lead arranger and joint book manager, bank of america, n.a. as syndication agent, mufg bank, ltd. as syndication agent, joint lead arranger and joint book manager, barclays bank plc, deutsche bank ag new york branch, goldman sachs bank usa, hsbc bank usa, n.a. and wells fargo bank, n.a., as documentation agents, and bofa securities, inc., as joint lead arranger and joint book manager (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on june 28, 2019, file no. 1-11373)
10.13.1                                                                                                                                             fourth amended and restated receivables purchase agreement, dated as of november 1, 2013, among cardinal health funding, llc, as seller, griffin capital, llc, as servicer, the conduits party thereto, the financial institutions party thereto, the managing agents party thereto, and lc banks party thereto and the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd., new york branch, as the agent (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2013, file no. 1-11373)
10.13.2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            first amendment and joinder, dated as of november 3, 2014, to the fourth amended and restated receivables purchase agreement, dated as of november 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2014, file no. 1-11373)
10.13.3                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    second amendment, dated as of november 14, 2016, to the fourth amended and restated receivables purchase agreement, dated as of november 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4.3 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2017, file no. 1-11373)
10.13.4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     third amendment, dated as of august 30, 2017, to the fourth amended and receivables purchase agreement, dated as of november 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on august 31, 2017, file no. 1-11373)
10.13.5                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                fourth amendment and joinder, dated september 30, 2019, to the fourth amended and restated receivables purchase agreement (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on october 2, 2019, file no. 1-11373)
10.14.1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        seventh amended and restated performance guaranty, dated as of november 14, 2016, executed by cardinal health, inc. in favor of cardinal health funding, llc (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.5.1 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2017, file no. 1-11373)
10.14.2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  amendment no. 1 to seventh amended and restated performance guaranty, dated as of november 14, 2016 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.5.2 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2017, file no. 1-11373
10.14.3                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    amendment no. 2 to seventh amended and restated performance guaranty, dated as of november 6, 2018 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 to cardinal health's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2018, file no. 1-11373)
10.14.4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        amendment no. 3 to seventh amended and restated performance guaranty (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed october 2, 2019, file no. 1-11373)
10.15.1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    tax matters agreement, dated as of august 31, 2009, by and between cardinal health, inc. and carefusion corporation (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 to cardinal health's current report on form 8-k filed on september 4, 2009, file no. 1-11373)
10.15.2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    first amendment to tax matters agreement, dated as of may 28, 2012, by and between cardinal health, inc. and carefusion corporation (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.20.2 to cardinal health's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2012, file no. 1-11373)
21.1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   list of subsidiaries of cardinal health, inc.
23.1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        consent of independent registered public accounting firm
31.1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              certification of chief executive officer pursuant to section 302 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002
31.2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              certification of chief financial officer pursuant to section 302 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002
32.1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   certification of chief executive officer and chief financial officer pursuant to 18 u.s.c. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002
99.1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 statement regarding forward-looking information
* management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
94       cardinal health | fiscal 2021 form 10-k form 10-k cross reference index form 10-k cross reference index item                                                                                                                             page(s)
1                                                                                                             business             32
1a                                                                                                         risk factors             40
2                                                                                                           properties             47
mine safety disclosures            n/a part ii market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities             49
reserved            n/a management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations              3
7a                                                           quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk