The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates and such differences could be material to the financial statements. We report our results in five segments: U.S. property, Asia property, EMEA property, Latin America property, and services. In evaluating financial performance in each business segment, management uses, among other factors, segment gross margin and segment operating profit. Our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to wireless service providers and other tenants, which accounted for 98% of our total revenues. The vast majority of the revenue generated by our property operations during the year ended December 31, 2018, was recurring revenue that we expect to continue to receive in future periods. Revenue lost from cancellations or non-renewal of leases historically has not had a material adverse effect on the revenues generated by our consolidated property operations. We experienced an increase in revenue lost from cancellations primarily due to carrier consolidation-driven churn in India, which we expect will continue to impact our revenues. Our diversified communications site portfolio allows us to adapt to changes in tenant demand and market conditions, which is critical for maintaining operational flexibility and resilience in our business model. We believe the majority of our site leasing activity will continue to come from wireless service providers, with tenants in various industries contributing to incremental leasing demand. Our established tenant base provides us with new business opportunities, resulting in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth. We anticipate that the ongoing transition from 2G to 4G technology in India will lead to a more favorable structural environment for both wireless carriers and communications infrastructure providers in the long term. The consolidation process continues to result in elevated levels of churn within our India business, as merging carriers rationalize redundant legacy equipment installations. We have targeted markets in various stages of network development to diversify our international exposure and position us to benefit from different wireless technology deployments over the long term. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their networks. This rate is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, and the financial performance of our tenants. We expect that our tenants will continue deploying additional equipment across their existing networks, driven by increasing mobile data usage. Our operations are designed to be resilient to external pressures, and we continuously evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios to determine their fit within our existing portfolio. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. Our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities, and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. We believe our operating results during the next 12 months will be sufficient to comply with these covenants, which are critical for maintaining our operational resilience.