The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company's strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of service on a worldwide basis while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of the company's fundamental financial strengths. The company uses cash generated from operations to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends, and reduce indebtedness. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in an environment where customers consolidate their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that can meet certain technical, quality, delivery, and other standards while maintaining competitive prices. The company reported net sales, operating income, and net income attributable to Amphenol Corporation of $8,202.0, $1,686.9, and $1,205.0, respectively, up 17%, 18%, and 85%, respectively, from the prior year. The increase in adjusted operating margin for 2018 compared to 2017 was driven primarily by an increase in operating margin for the interconnect products and assemblies segment. The company reported strong operating leverage on higher sales volumes, which contributed to the increase in operating income margin. The company's strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing performance-enhancing interconnect solutions, strategic acquisitions, and investments, and fostering collaborative, entrepreneurial management. The company’s ability to adapt to market demands and environmental pressures is reflected in its operational flexibility and commitment to innovation. The company has also indicated an intention to repatriate most of its pre-2018 accumulated earnings and has recorded foreign and U.S. state and local tax costs related to the repatriation. The company intends to evaluate certain post-2018 earnings for distribution and accrue for those distributions where appropriate. The company believes that its cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investment position on hand, ability to generate future cash flow from operations, availability under its credit facilities, and access to capital markets provide adequate liquidity to meet its obligations for the next twelve months. The company has significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments and uses debt financing to lower the overall cost of capital and increase return on stockholders' equity. The company’s debt financing includes the use of commercial paper programs, revolving credit facilities, and senior notes as part of its overall cash management strategy. The company has made aggregate cash contributions to its defined benefit pension plans, and there is no current requirement for cash contributions to any of the U.S. plans. The company plans to evaluate annually, based on actuarial calculations and the investment performance of the plans' assets, the timing and amount of cash contributions in the future. The company’s operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations, and it believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. The company strives to offset the impact of increases in the cost of raw materials, labor, and services through price increases, productivity improvements, and cost-saving programs.