The demand for our semiconductor products has been affected in the past, and is likely to continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including general economic and market conditions in the semiconductor industry and in our target markets. Uncertainty in global economic conditions pose significant risks to our business. For example, customers may defer purchases in response to tighter credit and negative financial news, which would in turn adversely affect product demand and our results of operations. Our ability to define specifications for, develop or acquire, complete, introduce and market new products and technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner is critical for maintaining operational flexibility. We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets, which supports our competitive advantage. The financial information and results of operations in this form 10-K for periods prior to April 4, 2018, relate to our predecessors, and we expect our reporting segments to change beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, as a result of the CA merger that closed on November 5, 2018. Our total net revenue increased primarily due to the acquisition of Brocade in fiscal year 2018, as well as strong organic year-over-year growth. We believe that our overall revenue is less susceptible to seasonal variations as a result of our diversified business portfolio, which enhances our resilience strategies. The increase in research and development expense was primarily due to the acquisition of Brocade, higher stock-based compensation expense, and higher variable employee compensation expense due to fiscal year 2018 operating performance. We expect to incur additional research and development expense in future periods as a result of the CA merger and any future acquisitions we may make. The increase in restructuring activities resulting from the Brocade merger indicates our proactive measures to adapt to changes in the business environment. Our liquidity and capital resources are essential for funding business acquisitions, working capital requirements, and research and development needs. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows from operations, and the revolving credit facility will provide sufficient liquidity to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligations for at least the next 12 months. We have structured our operations to maximize the benefit from tax incentives extended to us in various jurisdictions to encourage investment or employment. If we cannot, or elect not to, comply with the operating conditions included in any particular tax incentive, we will lose the related tax benefits, which could adversely affect our cash flows and overall organizational health. Our critical accounting policies involve difficult, subjective, or complex judgments by management, which may impact our operational effectiveness. The process of evaluating the potential impairment of long-lived assets requires significant judgment, and we consider various macroeconomic, industry-specific, and company-specific factors. We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our forecast of product demand and production requirements, which reflects our adaptability to changing market conditions. Our overall strategy emphasizes resilience and the ability to confront and benefit from sudden disruptive changes to survive, grow, and flourish in a turbulent market environment.