We are a global services company with three reportable operating segments: global consumer services group (gcsg), global commercial services (gcs), and global merchant and network services (gmns). Our results for 2018 reflect strong performance and our focus on, and investment in, our four strategic imperatives - expand our leadership in the premium consumer space, build on our strong position in commercial payments, strengthen our global, integrated network, and make American Express an essential part of our customers' digital lives. We continue to invest in new services and card member benefits, new card acquisitions, and expanding our merchant network. Our results also included the benefit of a lower tax provision due to a reduction in the U.S. corporate income tax rate resulting from the tax act, along with several discrete tax benefits. We remain focused on delivering differentiated value to our merchants, card members, and business partners and delivering appropriate returns to our shareholders. We plan to continue making investments in our business to generate and sustain a strong level of revenue growth, which we believe is the foundation for steady and consistent double-digit EPS growth. While we continue to see some headwinds from an uncertain economic environment, regulation in countries around the world, and intense competition, we are committed to maintaining operational flexibility and adapting to external pressures. Our comprehensive enterprise-wide risk management (ERM) program is designed to identify, aggregate, monitor, and manage risks, ensuring that we can respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations. The implementation and execution of the ERM program is headed by our chief risk officer, with oversight from our board of directors through various committees. Our risk appetite defines the authorized risk limits to control exposures within our risk capacity and tolerance, including stressed forward-looking scenarios. We have implemented a comprehensive operational risk framework to measure and manage operational risks, ensuring that we can maintain our integrity and performance while under internal or external variations and disturbances. Our funding strategy aims to maintain broad and diverse funding sources to finance our assets and meet operating requirements, enabling us to continuously meet expected future financing obligations. We seek to maintain liquidity sources in amounts sufficient to meet our expected future financial obligations and business requirements for liquidity for a period of at least twelve months in the event we are unable to raise new funds under our regular funding programs during a substantial weakening in economic conditions. Our capital strategy is to retain sufficient levels of capital generated through earnings and other sources to maintain a solid equity capital base and provide flexibility to support future business growth. We believe that our ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change is critical to our organizational resilience and long-term success. We continuously assess our operational capabilities and resource allocation to ensure that we can adapt to complex situations and maintain our competitive advantage in a turbulent market environment.