Becton, Dickinson and Company ("BD") is a global medical technology company engaged in the development, manufacture, and sale of a broad range of medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment, and diagnostic products used by healthcare institutions, physicians, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, the pharmaceutical industry, and the general public. The company's organizational structure is based upon three principal business segments, BD Medical, BD Life Sciences, and BD Interventional. The ability to sustain long-term growth will depend on factors including the expansion of core business, development of innovative new products, and improvement of operating efficiency and organizational effectiveness. While the economic environment for the healthcare industry is generally stable, destabilization in the future could adversely impact our businesses. Additionally, macroeconomic challenges in Europe continue to constrain healthcare utilization, although the environment is currently viewed as stable. In emerging markets, the company's growth is dependent primarily on government funding for healthcare systems, and global pricing pressure exists which could adversely impact our businesses. The life sciences segment's revenue growth was driven by sales growth across all three of its organizational units, particularly in its diagnostic systems unit. Revenue growth in the diagnostic systems unit also reflected a more severe influenza season in 2018 compared with 2017. The life sciences segment's revenue growth was also driven by the biosciences unit's sales of research reagents and recently launched instruments. Growth in the preanalytical systems unit reflected global sales of core products. International revenues benefited from the inclusion of revenues associated with Bard products in our financial results and reflected increased sales in the medical segment's medication delivery solutions, medication management solutions, and pharmaceutical systems units, as well as growth attributable to sales in all three of the life sciences segment's organizational units. The company continues to invest in research and development, geographic expansion, and new product market programs to drive further revenue and profit growth, indicating a proactive approach to maintaining operational flexibility and adaptability in response to market demands and external pressures. The emphasis on innovation and resource allocation within the organizational structure suggests a commitment to organizational resilience, enabling the company to confront and benefit from sudden disruptive changes while aiming to preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity.