Our mission is to help people experience the world, and we aim to achieve this through global leadership in online travel and restaurant reservation services by providing platforms, tools, and insights to our business partners to help them be successful. We believe that our growth has primarily been generated by our worldwide accommodation reservation service brand, booking.com, which has been due, in part, to the availability of a large and growing number of instantly bookable properties. We intend to continue to invest in adding accommodations available for reservation on our platforms, which will help us to grow our accommodation reservation business. We have experienced significant growth in our accommodation reservation services, which we believe is the result of the broader shift of travel purchases from offline to online, the widespread adoption of mobile devices, and the growth of travel overall, including in higher growth emerging markets. We believe that continuing to expand the number and variety of accommodations available through our services will help us to continue to grow our accommodation reservation business. Our international business represents the substantial majority of our financial results, and we expect our operating results and other financial metrics to continue to be largely driven by international performance. The markets for the services we offer are intensely competitive, constantly evolving, and subject to rapid change, and current and new competitors can launch new services at relatively low cost. We have observed a long-term trend of decreasing performance marketing returns on investment, a trend we expect to continue, though the rate of decrease may fluctuate. We believe that many factors influence cancellation rates, and it is uncertain whether future cancellation rates will continue to decrease, stabilize, or continue their prior trend of generally increasing over time. We have experienced volatility in transaction growth rates, increased cancellation rates, and weaker trends in hotel average daily rates across many regions of the world, particularly in those countries that appear to be most affected by economic and political uncertainties. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. We also intend to broaden the scope of our business and explore strategic alternatives from time to time in the form of acquisitions. The uncertain and highly competitive environment in which we operate makes the prediction of future results of operations difficult, and accordingly, we may not be able to sustain revenue growth and profitability. We believe that our existing cash balances and liquid resources will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures, and other obligations through at least the next twelve months. However, if we are not successful in generating sufficient cash flow from operations or in raising additional capital when required, we may be required to reduce our planned capital expenditures and scale back the scope of our business plan, which could have a material adverse effect on our future financial condition or results of operations. We believe that our future success depends in large part on our ability to continue to profitably grow our brands worldwide and to offer other travel and travel-related services. Factors beyond our control, such as oil prices, stock market volatility, terrorist attacks, unusual or extreme weather, and political instability, can disrupt travel and limit the ability or willingness of travelers to visit certain locations or otherwise result in declines in travel demand.