BlackRock is implementing a number of steps to prepare for various outcomes, including effecting organizational, governance, and operational changes, applying for and receiving licenses and permissions in the EU, and engaging in client communications. These steps, many of which have been time-consuming and costly, are expected to add complexity to BlackRock's European operations. In addition, depending on the terms of the UK's exit from the EU, BlackRock may experience organizational and operational challenges and incur additional costs in connection with its European operations post-Brexit, which may impede the company's growth or impact its financial performance. The company believes that it will be able to continue to grow assets under management (AUM) organically by focusing on strong investment performance, efficient delivery of beta for index products, client service, developing new products, and optimizing distribution capabilities. BlackRock's diversified platform, in terms of style, product, client, and geography, enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning BlackRock to invest for the long term by striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and prudent discretionary expense management. The diversity of BlackRock's platform facilitates the generation of organic growth in various market environments, and as client preferences evolve. BlackRock continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients, and operate efficiently. Anticipated industry consolidation and regulatory requirements should continue to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. BlackRock's framework for long-term value creation is predicated on generating differentiated organic growth, leveraging scale to increase operating margins over time, and returning capital to shareholders on a consistent basis. The company has previously disclosed risk factors in its SEC reports, which could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements or historical performance. These risk factors include changes and volatility in political, economic, or industry conditions, the interest rate environment, foreign exchange rates, or financial and capital markets, which could result in changes in demand for products or services or in the value of AUM. BlackRock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees earned as a percentage of AUM and, in some cases, performance fees, which are normally expressed as a percentage of fund returns to the client. Numerous factors, including price movements in the equity, debt, or currency markets, or in the price of real assets, commodities, or alternative investments in which BlackRock invests on behalf of clients, could impact BlackRock's AUM, revenue, and earnings. The company serves a diverse mix of institutional and retail clients across the globe, maintaining differentiated client relationships and a fiduciary focus. The anticipated impact of technological changes and the adequacy of intellectual property, information, and cybersecurity protection are also critical to BlackRock's operational resilience. The company continues to monitor various factors, including AUM, for potential indicators of impairment, and it performs assessments to determine if any intangible assets are impaired and whether the indefinite-life and finite-life classifications are still appropriate. BlackRock's management believes that the company's cash flows, excluding the impact of consolidated sponsored investment products, provide investors with useful information on the cash flows of BlackRock relating to its ability to fund additional operating, investing, and financing activities.