We believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and to our merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private label items, and through our online offerings. Our financial performance depends heavily on our ability to control costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, most particularly health care and utility expenses. Our philosophy is not to seek to minimize employee wages and benefits; rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. This may cause us to absorb costs that other employers might seek to pass through to their workforces. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and other international operating segments. We continue to consider undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries prior to fiscal 2018 to be indefinitely reinvested and have not provided for withholding or state taxes. Our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. We opened 21 net new warehouses and relocated 4 warehouses in 2018 and plan to open approximately 20 net new warehouses and relocate up to 4 warehouses in 2019. These expenditures are expected to be financed with cash from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. We maintain bank credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes. Our international operations maintain borrowing capacity under bank credit facilities, of which a portion is guaranteed by the company. The company has letter of credit facilities for commercial and standby letters of credit. The outstanding standby letters of credit under these facilities at the end of 2018 totaled $149 and expire within one year. We believe our estimates for self-insured liabilities are reasonable and provide for a certain degree of coverage to account for variables, although actual claims and costs could differ significantly from recorded liabilities. We use different mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary and participate in a reinsurance program. The costs of claims are highly unpredictable and can fluctuate as a result of inflation rates, regulatory or legal changes, and unforeseen developments in claims of an extended nature. Our investments in merchandise pricing can include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members. We believe that our gasoline business draws members but generally has a significantly lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. Rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. We achieve sales growth by opening new warehouses, and as our warehouse base grows, available and desirable potential sites become more difficult to secure. The negative aspects of such growth, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses, are continuing to decline in significance as they relate to the results of our total operations. Our membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base materially influences our profitability. The increase in membership fees was primarily due to membership sign-ups at existing and new warehouses.