The company is in the process of modifying internal reporting processes and systems to accommodate the new structure and will report under the new segment structure in fiscal 2019. The increase in segment operating income was due to growth at our parks and resorts and studio entertainment segments, partially offset by lower results at our media networks and consumer products & interactive media segments. The increase in operating cash flow at studio entertainment was due to higher operating cash receipts driven by an increase in revenue, partially offset by higher operating cash disbursements driven by higher marketing expenses. Parks and resorts cash flow reflected higher operating cash receipts due to increased revenue, partially offset by higher spending on labor and other costs. The company believes that its financial condition is strong and that its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets and borrowing capacity provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements and future capital expenditures related to the expansion of existing businesses and development of new projects. However, the company's operating cash flow and access to the capital markets can be impacted by macroeconomic factors outside of its control. The company recorded gains of $560 million in connection with the sales of real estate and property rights in New York City. The company recorded a $3 million adjustment to a fiscal 2017 non-cash net gain of $255 million recorded in connection with the acquisition of a controlling interest in bamtech. The company is contractually committed to acquire broadcast programming and make certain minimum lease payments for the use of property under operating lease agreements. The company has various contractual obligations, which are recorded as liabilities in our consolidated financial statements. The increase in operating labor was primarily due to inflation and a full year of operations at Shanghai Disney Resort. The increase in cost of sales was due to a full year of operations at Shanghai Disney Resort, inflation, and higher volumes. The company recorded charges of $53 million, $9 million, and $17 million related to parks and resorts for fiscal years 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively, which are excluded from parks and resorts segment operating income. The charge in fiscal 2018 was for an impairment of our equity investment in villages nature. The charges in fiscal 2017 and 2016 were for severance costs. The company recorded non-cash impairment charges of $210 million, $22 million, and $7 million in fiscal years 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. The fiscal 2018 impairment charges were recorded in "equity in the income (loss) of investees, net" in the consolidated statements of income. The company is required to test goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis and if current events or circumstances require, on an interim basis. The company compares the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount, and to the extent the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment of goodwill is recognized for the excess up to the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. The company evaluates its allowance for doubtful accounts and estimates collectability of accounts receivable based on its analysis of historical bad debt experience in conjunction with its assessment of the financial condition of individual companies with which it does business. The company has exposure for certain tax and legal matters. The company's bank facilities contain only one financial covenant, relating to interest coverage, which the company met on September 29, 2018, by a significant margin. The company's share of bamtech's results was previously reported in equity in the income of investees. The company expects a cash tax benefit similar to the reduction in the statutory rate, as well as a benefit from the immediate deduction for investments in qualified fixed assets and film and television productions.