We are one of the largest health benefits companies in the United States, serving approximately 40 medical members through our affiliated health plans. Our operations are managed through three reportable segments: commercial & specialty business, government business, and other. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. Several economic factors related to healthcare costs, such as regulatory mandates of coverage, have a direct impact on the volume of care consumed by our members. The potential effect of escalating healthcare costs and any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business. We strive to price our healthcare benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical trends and frequently make adjustments to respond to legislative and regulatory changes as well as pricing and other actions taken by existing competitors and new market entrants. Our strategy has been to participate in rating regions where we have an appropriate level of confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, including factors such as expected financial performance and regulatory environment. We have established a new pharmacy benefits manager, ingeniorx, to provide our members with more cost-effective solutions and improve our ability to integrate pharmacy benefits. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale and provides us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic, and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. We have experienced growth in our life and disability and vision memberships primarily due to higher sales in our large group business. Our consolidated financial condition reflects a strong liquidity position, with cash, cash equivalents, and investments in fixed maturity and equity securities. We manage our cash, investments, and capital structure to meet the short-term and long-term obligations of our business while maintaining financial flexibility. Our investment strategy seeks to minimize volatility in our expense and cash flow while maximizing long-term returns. We regularly review the appropriate use of capital, including acquisitions and dividends to shareholders. Our regulated subsidiaries are subject to various government regulations that restrict the timing and amount of dividends and other distributions. We have a shelf registration statement on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register an unlimited amount of any combination of debt or equity securities. Our ability to borrow under our credit facilities is subject to compliance with certain covenants, and we maintain a strong financial condition and liquidity position to support our operational continuity and strategic initiatives.