The information in this discussion contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. Our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to assist readers in understanding our financial information from our management's perspective. Equinix provides global data center offerings that protect and connect the world's most valued information assets. Global enterprises, financial services companies, and content and network service providers rely upon Equinix's leading insight and data centers around the world for the safe housing of their critical IT equipment and the ability to directly connect to the networks that enable today's information-driven economy. Our global platform enables scalable, reliable, and cost-effective colocation, interconnection, and traffic exchange that lowers overall cost and increases flexibility. Our focused business model is built on our critical mass of customers and the resulting "marketplace" effect. As more customers choose our IBX data centers, it benefits their suppliers and business partners to colocate with us as well, in order to gain the full economic and performance benefits of our offerings. We continue to monitor the available capacity in each of our selected markets. To the extent we have limited capacity available in a given market, it may limit our ability for growth in that market. We perform demand studies on an ongoing basis to determine if future expansion is warranted in a market. Our business is based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings. Our recurring revenues have comprised more than 90% of our total revenues during the past three years. We expect our cost of revenues to increase as we continue to grow our business, including results from recent acquisitions. We expect our current efforts to improve our back office systems will continue over the next several years. We anticipate that we will continue to invest in sales and marketing initiatives and expect our sales and marketing expenses to continue to increase as we continue to grow our business, including the impact from recent acquisitions. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase in future periods as we continue to scale our operations to support our growth. We believe we have sufficient cash, coupled with anticipated cash generated from operating activities, to meet our operating requirements, including repayment of the current portion of our debt as it becomes due, payment of regular dividend distributions, and completion of our publicly announced expansion projects. Our ability to satisfy quarterly asset tests depends upon our analysis and the fair market values of our REIT and non-REIT assets. We apply discount rates based on industry benchmarks relative to the market and forecasting risks. We expect to incur higher interest expense in future periods in connection with additional indebtedness that we incurred during 2018 and as a result of the increasing interest rates. We have various debt obligations with maturity dates ranging from 2019 to 2027 under which a total principal balance remained outstanding. We believe that our current expansion activities in the U.S. can be funded with our U.S.-based cash and cash equivalents and investments. We may pursue additional expansion opportunities, primarily the build-out of new IBX data centers, in certain of our existing markets which are at or near capacity within the next year, as well as potential acquisitions and joint ventures. An inability to pursue additional expansion opportunities will have a material adverse effect on our ability to maintain our desired level of revenue growth in future periods.