The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, contributing to revenue growth, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business. As online advertising evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings which may affect our monetization. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business. We continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. We continue to make significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, as well as in new products and services. Our capital expenditures have grown over time. We expect this trend to continue in the long term as we invest heavily in data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure. In addition, acquisitions remain an important part of our strategy and use of capital, and we expect to continue to spend cash on acquisitions and other investments. The increase in tac to distribution partners was a result of an increase in Google properties revenues and the associated tac rate. The increase in the Google properties tac rate was driven by changes in partner agreements and the ongoing shift to mobile, which carries higher tac because more mobile searches are channeled through paid access points. The increase in tac to Google network members from 2017 to 2018 was a result of an increase in Google network members' properties revenues offset by a decrease in the associated tac rate. We expect cost of revenues to increase in dollar amount and as a percentage of total revenues in future periods based on a number of factors, including Google network members tac rates, which are affected by a combination of factors such as geographic mix, product mix, revenue share terms, and fluctuations of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies. We expect that R&D expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in future periods. We expect that sales and marketing expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in future periods. We believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months. Our international revenues are favorably affected as the U.S. dollar weakens relative to other foreign currencies, and unfavorably affected as the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to other foreign currencies. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. We evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate. We expect that our revenue growth rate will continue to be affected by evolving user preferences, the acceptance by users of our products and services as they are delivered on diverse devices and modalities, our ability to create a seamless experience for both users and advertisers, and movements in foreign currency exchange rates. The growth during both periods was primarily driven by increases in mobile search resulting from ongoing growth in user adoption and usage, as well as continued growth in advertiser activity. The positive effect on our revenues from an increase in paid clicks was partially offset by a decrease in the cost-per-click paid by our advertisers.