We believe that our current cash position, access to the long-term debt capital markets, funds available from our commercial paper programs, and cash flow generated from operations should be sufficient not only for our operating requirements but also to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs and fund dividend payments, share repurchases, and any required long-term debt payments through the next several fiscal years. Our operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from our customers, offset by cash payments we make for products and services, employee compensation, operations and occupancy costs. Cash provided by or used in operating activities is also subject to changes in working capital. The increase in net earnings during fiscal 2018 was primarily due to a lower effective income tax rate in fiscal 2018 resulting from the enactment of the tax act and higher comparable sales. The increase in comparable sales reflected a number of factors, including the execution of our strategic efforts to drive an enhanced interconnected experience in both the physical and digital worlds. We assess our sales performance by evaluating both net sales and comparable sales. Total comparable sales increased 5.2% in fiscal 2018. The increase in comparable sales reflected a number of factors, including the execution of our strategy and broad-based growth across our stores and online. Our comparable customer transactions increased 2.2% during fiscal 2017. The increase in comparable average ticket was due in large part to strong sales in big ticket purchases in certain categories, such as appliances and vinyl plank flooring. We recognize revenue, net of estimated returns and sales tax, at the time the customer takes possession of merchandise or when a service is performed. We estimate the liability for sales returns, including the estimated gross profit impact, based on our historical return levels and believe that our estimate for sales returns is a reasonable reflection of future returns. We have established liabilities for certain losses related to general liability, workers' compensation, employee group medical, and automobile claims for which we are self-insured. Our self-insured retention or deductible, as applicable, for each claim involving general liability, workers' compensation, and automobile liability is limited to $25 million, $1 million, and $1 million, respectively. We evaluate our long-lived assets each quarter for indicators of potential impairment. Indicators of impairment include current period losses combined with a history of losses, our decision to relocate or close a store or other location before the end of its previously estimated useful life, or when changes in other circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. We believe the percentage relationship between net sales and major categories in our consolidated statements of earnings, as well as the percentage change in the associated dollar amounts, are relevant to an evaluation of our business. The additional week in fiscal 2018 contributed significantly to our gross profit. We have commercial paper programs with an aggregate borrowing capacity of $3.0 billion. We also issue senior notes from time to time and use derivative financial instruments in the management of our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currencies and interest rates on certain long-term debt. Our board of directors authorized a $15.0 billion share repurchase program that replaced the previous authorization. The increase in gross profit margin for fiscal 2018 was primarily driven by a benefit from the adoption of ASU No. 2014-09 and a benefit from mix of products sold, partially offset by higher transportation and fuel costs in our supply chain and shrink. The increase in gross profit was also due to the additional week in fiscal 2018. We recognize a return asset, and corresponding adjustment to cost of sales, for our right to recover the goods returned by the customer, measured at the former carrying amount of the goods, less any expected recovery cost.