Open surgery remains the predominant form of surgery and is used in almost every area of the body. However, the large incisions required for open surgery create trauma to patients, typically resulting in longer hospitalization and recovery times, increased hospitalization costs, and additional pain and suffering relative to minimally invasive surgery (MIS), where MIS is available. For over three decades, MIS has reduced trauma to patients by allowing selected surgeries to be performed through small ports rather than large incisions. Our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of articulation of the surgical instruments used in the surgical field analogous to the motions of a human wrist, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon's hand. Within our integrated ecosystem, our products are designed to decrease variability in surgery by offering dependable, consistent functionality and user experiences for surgeons seeking better outcomes. We take a holistic 'systems' approach to offer intelligent technology and systems designed to work together to make MIS intervention more available and applicable. The success of the da Vinci SP product is dependent on positive experiences and improved clinical outcomes for the procedures it has been cleared for as well as securing additional clinical clearances. The growth of instrument and accessory revenue largely reflects continued procedure adoption. Service revenue growth has been driven by the growth of the base of installed da Vinci surgical systems. The installed base of da Vinci surgical systems grew 13% to approximately 4,986 at December 31, 2018. We believe our leasing program has been effective and well-received, and we are willing to expand it based on customer demand, including alternative structures such as usage-based payment models. Our da Vinci system leasing provides customers with flexibility regarding how they acquire da Vinci surgical systems. Future demand for da Vinci surgical systems will be impacted by factors including hospital response to the evolving health care environment under the current U.S. administration, procedure growth rates, hospital consolidation trends, evolving system utilization and point of care dynamics, capital replacement trends, additional reimbursements in various global markets, including Japan, and the timing of when we receive regulatory clearance in our other OUS markets for our da Vinci XI surgical system, da Vinci X surgical system, and da Vinci SP surgical system. We expect that our OUS procedures and revenue will make up a greater portion of our business in the long term. We focus our organization and investments on developing, marketing, and training products and services for procedures in which da Vinci can bring patient value relative to alternative treatment options and/or economic benefit to healthcare providers. We believe that growth in da Vinci hernia repair reflects improved clinical outcomes within certain patient populations, as well as potential cost benefits relative to certain alternative treatments. Our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economic solutions across the spectrum of procedure complexity. We expect capital investments to exceed $250 million in each of the next two years. We intend to fund these needs with cash generated from operations. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, together with income to be derived from the sale of our products, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements beyond one year and for the foreseeable future.