During the last six months of fiscal 2018, we have had a comprehensive reassessment of the business, established a new leadership team, and worked with that team to develop action plans to improve performance, improve in-stocks and drive a better customer experience. The 2018 strategic reassessment of the business was part of our focus to build a sustainable foundation to position the company for long-term success. We have sharpened our focus on retail fundamentals, aligned our leadership team to improve our decision-making and execution, and aligned our portfolio to concentrate on our core home improvement business. We are now investing in top-selling items in job lot quantities for our pro customer. Our commitment to exit our Orchard Supply Hardware operations, as well as close 20 under-performing stores across the U.S. and 31 locations in Canada, reflects our strategic initiatives to enhance operational flexibility and adaptability in response to external pressures. The decision to pursue an exit of certain non-core activities within our U.S. home improvement business is aimed at reconfiguring our resources to better align with major objectives and customer needs. As we transition into 2019, we will remain focused on our mission of delivering the right home improvement products, with the best service and value, across every channel and community we serve. We intend to achieve this mission by winning in four key areas including driving merchandising excellence, transforming our supply chain, delivering operational efficiency, and intensifying customer engagement. Our focus on operational efficiency aims to simplify store operations and improve our in-stock execution to better capitalize on the traffic we are driving to both our stores and online. We have significant opportunity to grow our business by focusing on competitive pricing, in-stocks, carrying the brands that are important to pro customers, consistent service levels, and providing a differentiated experience. Overall, we are making progress in our business, beginning to see positive results from merchandising pilots and improvement in performance in key categories. Our strategic initiatives demonstrate that we are aligned on the right initiatives to achieve our long-term targets. We believe that our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund our operations and investments to grow our business, repay our debt as it becomes due, pay dividends, and fund our share repurchases over the next 12 months. Our cash flows provided by operating activities have been the primary source of our liquidity, driven primarily by changes in working capital. We expect to continue to have access to the capital markets on both short-term and long-term bases when needed for liquidity purposes by issuing commercial paper or new long-term debt. The lowering of our credit ratings during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 did not have a material impact on our access to liquidity or to our interest costs. We are self-insured for certain losses relating to workers' compensation, automobile, general and product liability, extended protection plan, and certain medical and dental claims, which reflects our approach to risk management and resilience. The company recorded impairment charges totaling $331 million within selling, general and administrative expenses, which indicates our ongoing assessment of organizational health and performance under pressure.