The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks, uncertainties, and changes in condition, significance, value, and effect. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to those discussed in "risk factors" and elsewhere in this 2018 Form 10-K. Our vision is to realize full value from natural technology extensions of our company. We aim to increase our strategic relevance with our customers by contributing more to their continued success. Our core technical competency is integrating hardware, process, materials, software, and process control enabling results on the wafer. The increase in gross margin as a percentage of revenue for fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017 was primarily due to favorable margin mix and higher revenue. We believe we are in a strong position with our leadership and competency in deposition, etch, and clean to facilitate some of the most significant innovations in semiconductor device manufacturing. Our focus on research and development, with several ongoing programs relating to sustaining engineering, product and process development, and concept and feasibility, reflects our commitment to innovation and adaptation in response to market demands. We believe that maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves is important to support sustaining levels of investment in R&D and capital infrastructure. Anticipated cash flows from operations based on our current business outlook, combined with our current levels of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments as of June 24, 2018, are expected to be sufficient to support our anticipated levels of operations, investments, debt service requirements, capital expenditures, capital redistributions, and dividends through at least the next twelve months. However, uncertainty in the global economy and the semiconductor industry, as well as disruptions in credit markets, have in the past, and could in the future, impact customer demand for our products, as well as our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. The anticipated future revenue value from shipments to Japanese customers was approximately $607 million as of June 24, 2018. We evaluate if the deferred tax assets are realizable on a quarterly basis and will continue to assess the need for changes in valuation allowances, if any. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, of subsequent events on our fiscal year 2019 consolidated financial statements. Our customer base includes leading semiconductor memory, foundry, and integrated device manufacturers that make products such as NVM, DRAM memory, and logic devices. The increase in shipments during the fiscal year 2018 as compared to the last two fiscal years is related to stronger customer demand. We believe that our technology inflections in our industry, including 3D device scaling, multiple patterning process flow, and advanced packaging/chip integration will lead to an increase in our served addressable market for our products and services in deposition, etch, and clean. Our liquidity will depend to a great extent on our future revenues and our ability to appropriately manage our costs based on demand for our products and services. We have built a strong global presence with core competencies in areas like nanoscale applications enablement, chemistry, plasma and fluidics, advanced systems engineering, and a broad range of operational disciplines. We provide guarantees and standby letters of credit to certain parties as required for certain transactions initiated during the ordinary course of business.