The company believes that ownership of real estate, combined with the co-investment by franchisees, enables us to achieve restaurant performance levels that are among the highest in the industry. The strength of the alignment among the company, its franchisees, and suppliers is key to McDonald's long-term success. By leveraging the system, McDonald's is able to identify, implement, and scale ideas that meet customers' changing needs and preferences. The company continues to evolve to a more heavily franchised business model, currently about 93% franchised, with a long-term goal of approximately 95%. This evolution is designed to efficiently drive growth as a better McDonald's through the velocity growth plan. The plan is built on retaining existing customers, regaining customers who visit less often, and converting casual to committed customers. The company has established sustainable platforms that enable execution of the plan with greater speed, efficiency, and impact while remaining focused on the fundamentals of running great restaurants. The company continues to build on its competitive advantages of system alignment and geographic diversification to deliver consistent, yet locally-relevant restaurant experiences. The company recognizes that its success in advancing each of the pillars within its strategy will be demonstrated as customers continue to feel good about visiting McDonald's restaurants. The velocity growth plan highlights the commitment to global priorities that are consistent with strategic priorities and provides an opportunity to collaborate with franchisees and suppliers to drive meaningful progress. The company has demonstrated an ability to manage inflationary cost increases effectively, which reflects its resilience in the face of economic pressures. The company also continually reviews its mix of company-operated and franchised restaurants to help optimize overall performance. The company expects to achieve systemwide sales growth of 3% to 5%, operating margin in the mid-40% range, and earnings per share growth in the high-single digits over the long term. The company has significant operations outside the U.S., where it earns about 65% of its operating income, and it expects existing domestic cash flows and the issuance of domestic debt to continue to be sufficient to fund its activities. The company's cash provided by operations totaled $7.0 billion, and free cash flow was $4.2 billion in 2018, reflecting an increase in free cash flow of 14% compared with 2017. The company also maintains a strong focus on enhancing the overall customer experience through technology and restaurant modernization. The company’s strategic initiatives are designed to confront and adapt to changing market conditions, ensuring operational continuity and resilience in the face of external disturbances. The company’s ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite adversity is reflected in its financial performance and strategic direction. The company recognizes the importance of inter-organizational collaboration and resource allocation in achieving its major objectives and maintaining organizational health.