The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this annual report on Form 10-K, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes. Altria's management believes that adjusted financial measures provide useful additional insight into underlying business trends and results and provide a more meaningful comparison of year-over-year results. Altria's management reviews certain financial results, including diluted EPS, on an adjusted basis, which excludes certain income and expense items. Altria's management cannot estimate on a forward-looking basis the impact of certain income and expense items because these items may be infrequent, are difficult to predict, and may be highly variable. The factors described represent continuing risks to this forecast. Altria has announced a cost reduction program that it expects will deliver approximately $575 million in annualized cost savings by the end of 2019. The consolidation of certain of its operating companies' manufacturing facilities to streamline operations and achieve greater efficiencies was completed in the first quarter of 2018 and delivered Altria's goal of approximately $50 million in annualized cost savings. Altria's management believes it is appropriate to disclose operating companies income to help investors analyze the business performance and trends of the various business segments. The preparation of financial statements includes the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities. Altria recognizes the funded status of its defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans on the consolidated balance sheet and records gains or losses that have not been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. Altria's management reviews its actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and makes modifications to the assumptions based on current rates and trends. The anticipated decrease in pension and postretirement expense is due primarily to lower amortization of unrecognized losses, partially offset by higher interest costs. Altria's management believes that the estimated fair values of each reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible asset are reasonable, although actual performance could be significantly different from forecasted performance. Altria's management has concluded that it is not probable that a loss has been incurred in any of the pending tobacco-related cases. Altria's businesses promote their products with consumer incentives, trade promotions, and consumer engagement programs. Altria's businesses recognize revenues from sales contracts with customers upon shipment of goods when control of such products is obtained by the customer. Altria expects the adjusted diluted EPS growth to come in the last three quarters of 2019, with a mid-single-digit decline in the first quarter. The anticipated impact of changes in the business environment, including regulatory developments and competitive activity, has the potential to affect Altria's future performance. Altria's management believes that the strategic initiatives undertaken, including the focus on innovative product efforts, will enhance its organizational resilience and adaptability in the face of external pressures and market volatility. The company's ability to absorb strain and preserve its functioning despite adversity is central to its operational management and strategic planning. Altria's management emphasizes the importance of maintaining organizational health and effectiveness through proactive measures and resource allocation strategies that align with its major objectives and future orientation.