Our overall gross margin percentage increased to 59% for 2018 from 42% for 2017 primarily due to favorable market conditions across key markets combined with strong execution in delivering products featuring advanced technologies, including 1xnm dram and 64-layer 3d nand, enabling manufacturing cost reductions. We periodically assess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment. In the fourth quarter of 2016, we identified factors such as the lengthening period of time between dram product technology node transitions, an increased re-use rate of equipment, and industry trends. As a result, we revised the estimated useful lives of equipment in our dram wafer fabrication facilities from five to seven years in the fourth quarter of 2016. The effect of the revision was not material for 2016 and reduced depreciation expense at the time by approximately $100 million per quarter. Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations and financing obtained from capital markets and financial institutions. Cash generated from operations is highly dependent on selling prices for our products, which can vary significantly from period to period. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months. To develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and R&D. We estimate that capital expenditures in 2019 for property, plant, and equipment, net of partner contributions, to be $10.5 billion plus or minus 5%, focused on technology transitions and product enablement. The actual amounts for 2019 will vary depending on market conditions. We continue to jointly develop nand technologies with intel through the third generation of 3d nand, which is expected to be completed in the second half of 2019. In the second quarter of 2018, we and intel agreed to independently develop subsequent generations of 3d nand in order to better optimize the technology and products for our respective business needs. We continue to jointly develop 3d xpoint technologies with intel through the second generation of 3d xpoint technology, which is expected to be completed in the second half of 2019. Our R&D expenses were reduced by reimbursements under these development partner arrangements by $201 million, $213 million, and $205 million for 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies. Significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of a loss, if any, from such contingencies. An accrual is made when it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an asset has been impaired and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Our management believes the accounting policies below are critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. We periodically assess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment. We revised the estimated useful lives of equipment in our dram wafer fabrication facilities from five to seven years in the fourth quarter of 2016. The effect of the revision was not material for 2016 and reduced depreciation expense at the time by approximately $100 million per quarter. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months.