Given the multiple-year duration and largely fixed cost nature of content commitments, if membership acquisition and retention do not meet our expectations, our margins may be adversely impacted. The long-term and fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and the market segments in which we operate. If we do not accurately anticipate costs or mitigate risks, including for content that we obtain but ultimately does not appear on or is removed from our service, our business may suffer. We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute through our service. We are devoting more resources toward the development, production, marketing and distribution of original programming, which can help differentiate our service from other offerings, enhance our brand and attract and retain members. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining or revising our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected. We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our service. As we scale our streaming service, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party "cloud" computing services. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers and other rights holders licensing rights to distribute such content. If studios, content providers or other rights holders refuse to license streaming content or other rights upon terms acceptable to us, our business could be adversely affected. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and our overall business. We may not be successful in recruiting new personnel and in retaining and motivating existing personnel, which may be disruptive to our operations. Labor disputes may have an adverse effect on the company's business. We may face potential liability or suffer losses in connection with arrangements with third parties related to the development, production, marketing and distribution of our original programming. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. Any significant disruption to our service or access to our systems could result in a loss of memberships and adversely affect our business and results of operation. We rely upon the ability of consumers to access our service through the internet. If network operators block, restrict or otherwise impair access to our service over their networks, our service and business could be negatively affected. We may be unable to maintain or, in newer markets establish, a positive reputation concerning our service, including the content we offer. If we are unable to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected. We expect to continue to significantly increase our investments in global streaming content, particularly in original content, which will impact our liquidity and result in future negative free cash flows for many years. Our substantial indebtedness and other obligations may limit our flexibility to plan for or react to changes in our business and industry. If we are unable to service our debt and other obligations from cash flows, we may need to refinance or restructure all or a portion of such obligations prior to maturity. We cannot assure you that we would be able to implement any of these alternative measures on satisfactory terms or at all or that the proceeds from such alternatives would be adequate to meet any debt or other obligations then due.