Our business plan is designed to achieve growth while managing the risks associated with fluctuating commodity prices and changes in customer demand. At PSE&G, our focus is on enhancing system reliability and resiliency, meeting customer expectations and supporting public policy objectives by investing capital in transmission and distribution infrastructure and clean energy projects. Over the next five years, we expect to invest between $11 billion and $16 billion in our business which is expected to provide an annual rate base growth of 7%-9%. We filed for our Energy Strong Program II (ES II), a proposed five-year $2.5 billion program to harden, modernize and make our electric and gas distribution systems more resilient. The size and duration of ES II, as well as certain other elements of the program, are subject to BPU approval. The BPU adopted infrastructure investment program regulations that encourage utilities to construct, install, or remediate utility plant and facilities related to reliability, resiliency, and/or safety to support the provision of safe and adequate service. We continue to advocate for measures to ensure the implementation by PJM and FERC of market design and transmission planning rules that promote fair and efficient electricity markets. Our operational flexibility has allowed us to take advantage of opportunities in a rapidly evolving market while managing costs. We emphasize operational performance while developing opportunities in both our competitive and regulated businesses. Our diverse fuel mix and dispatch flexibility allowed us to generate approximately 56 terawatt hours while addressing fuel availability and price volatility. We continually assess a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term stockholder value, including investments in capital improvements and additions, such as the installation of environmental upgrades and retrofits, improvements to system resiliency, and modernization of existing infrastructure. We expect our capital requirements to be met through internally generated cash flows and external financings, consisting of short-term debt for working capital needs and long-term debt for capital investments. PSEG's financial strength is predicated on a solid balance sheet, positive operating cash flow, and reasonable risk-adjusted returns on increased investment. We expect to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance in an environment with low gas prices, to capitalize on or otherwise address regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business, and to respond to issues and challenges. Our future success will depend on our ability to focus on controlling costs while maintaining safety, reliability, and customer satisfaction, and complying with applicable standards and requirements. We must successfully manage our energy obligations and re-contract our open supply positions in response to changes in prices and demand. We are committed to enhancing the resiliency of our infrastructure and maintaining the reliability of the service we provide to our customers. Our investments reflect a higher percentage of earnings contribution by PSE&G, and we are focused on achieving energy efficiency targets required under New Jersey's clean energy law, supporting electric vehicle infrastructure, deploying energy storage, and implementing programs that will enhance our operational capabilities and resilience.