In fiscal 2018, we continue to invest significant resources toward advancements primarily in support of 4G- and 5G-based technologies as well as other technologies to extend the demand for our products and generate new or expanded licensing opportunities. We are currently in dispute with Apple surrounding what we believe is an attempt by Apple to reduce the amount of royalties that its contract manufacturers are required to pay to us for use of our intellectual property. Unfavorable resolutions of one or more of these matters have had and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business, including increased legal costs until the respective matters are resolved. We expect our business to be impacted by industry dynamics, including concentration of device share among a few companies within the premium tier, which could exacerbate the negative impact on our business and financial results if any of those companies do not utilize our chipsets. We have announced a cost plan designed to align our cost structure to our long-term margin targets, executing targeted actions across our businesses to reduce annual costs by $1 billion. Our research and development expenditures were $5.6 billion in fiscal 2018, and we expect to continue to invest heavily in research and development for new technologies, applications, and services for voice and data communications. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation, and licensing of 5G technologies to sustain and grow our business long term. We expect initial commercial 5G network deployments and device launches to begin in calendar 2019, which we believe will drive transformation across industries beyond traditional cellular communications. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless value chain and governments as to the benefits of our licensing program and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. Our QTL results in fiscal 2018 were negatively impacted by our continued dispute with Apple and its contract manufacturers. We did not record any revenues in fiscal 2018 for royalties due on sales of Apple's products, and as a result, QTL revenues and EBT were negatively impacted by these continued disputes. We expect these companies will continue to take such actions in the future, resulting in increased legal costs and negatively impacting our future revenues. We are also subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions, and the assessment of our income tax positions involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations. The unfavorable resolution of one or more legal and regulatory proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows. We believe that adequate amounts have been reserved based on facts known; however, the final determination of tax audits and any related legal proceedings could materially differ from amounts reflected in our income tax provision and the related accruals. We expect our business, particularly QCT, to continue to be impacted by intense competition, particularly in China, as our competitors expand their product offerings and/or reduce the prices of their products as part of a strategy to attract new and/or retain existing customers.