The company expands the product lines and services it offers by developing and commercializing its own technologies and by making strategic acquisitions of complementary businesses. The company's strategy is to augment internal growth at existing businesses with complementary acquisitions. The increase in operating income was primarily due to profit on higher sales and, to a lesser extent, the effects of acquisitions and productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases. The company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, focused research projects, and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience. The company recorded restructuring and other costs, net, of $91 million, including charges to cost of revenues primarily for the sale of inventories revalued at the date of acquisition. The company also recorded cash restructuring costs in its continuing effort to streamline operations, including severance at several businesses and abandoned facility expenses at businesses that have been or are being consolidated in the U.S. and Europe. The restructuring actions for which charges were incurred in 2018 are expected to result in annual cost savings of approximately $65 million beginning in part in 2018 and, to a greater extent, in 2019. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future. The company has operations and a taxable presence in approximately 50 countries outside the U.S. and expects to fund the acquisition of Gatan Inc. with a combination of existing cash balances and short-term borrowings. The company has identified restructuring actions that will result in additional charges primarily in 2019 and expects to identify additional actions during 2019 which will be recorded when specified criteria are met. The company also recorded a provision for income taxes in 2018 including a net provision to adjust the estimated initial effects of the tax cuts and jobs act. The company evaluates goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually and when events occur or circumstances change that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of the asset below its carrying amount. The company believes that the most complex and sensitive judgments result primarily from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. The company’s management evaluates segment operating performance using operating income before certain charges/credits to cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses, principally associated with acquisition-related activities; restructuring and other costs/income including costs arising from facility consolidations. The company’s references throughout this discussion to productivity improvements generally refer to improved cost efficiencies from its practical process improvement business system, reduced costs resulting from global sourcing initiatives, and a lower cost structure following restructuring actions. The company recorded a provision for income taxes in 2017 principally due to a net provision from the effects of the tax act consisting primarily of a one-time transition tax on deemed repatriated earnings and profits of foreign subsidiaries. The company continues to implement tax planning initiatives related to non-U.S. subsidiaries. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 24 months.