The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. We remain intently focused on improving employee and public safety with programs such as courage to care, total safety culture, and up way (our continuous improvement culture). We entered 2018 with network congestion on key routes and terminals, compounded by high freight car inventory levels that negatively impacted operational performance during the first half of the year. On October 1, 2018, we began implementation of the first phase of our unified plan 2020, which included several initiatives focused on increasing reliability of our service product, reducing variability in network operations, and improving resource utilization costs. As a result, network operations improved significantly as we progressed throughout the fourth quarter. We reduced our active locomotive fleet by 625 locomotives and reduced operating car inventory by more than 10% compared to September 30, 2018, while handling relatively similar volume levels. We will continue using a multi-faceted approach to safety, utilizing technology, risk assessment, training and employee engagement, quality control, and targeted capital investments. We will continue our efforts to increase detection of rail defects; improve or close crossings; and educate the public and law enforcement agencies about crossing safety through a combination of our own programs (including risk assessment strategies), industry programs, and local community activities across our network. In 2019, we will continue to implement our g55+0 and unified plan 2020 initiatives to further increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource utilization. We expect full implementation of all phases of the unified plan 2020 by mid-2019. Beyond the initial implementation of unified plan 2020, we will continue to evaluate the entire network and make further changes as warranted. In addition, we are working through a terminal rationalization process to more fully optimize our train operations and crew resources. These potential changes, combined with other g55+0 initiatives, are designed to better align our management structure and decision-making processes in conjunction with our unified plan 2020 operating model. We expect to fund our 2019 cash capital plan by using some or all of the following: cash generated from operations, proceeds from the sale or lease of various operating and non-operating properties, proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt, and cash on hand. Our annual capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan. We expect our plan will enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency by adding or improving facilities and track, and make investments that meet customer demand and take advantage of opportunities for long-term growth. We also maintain adequate resources, including our credit facility, and when necessary, access to capital markets to meet any foreseeable cash requirements. Deterioration of our operating results or financial condition due to internal or external factors could negatively impact our ability to access capital markets as a source of liquidity. Access to liquidity through the capital markets is also dependent on our financial stability. We believe the adjusted results provide relevant information to our investors as they more accurately reflect ongoing financial performance. We will continue to balance investment in our network infrastructure and terminal capacity as appropriate, including new capacity investments designed to support future business growth and operational efficiency.