We invest in scientific innovation to create transformative medicines for people with serious diseases, focusing on developing and commercializing therapies for cystic fibrosis and advancing research and development programs in other serious diseases. Our business highlights include obtaining approvals for new treatments and expanding access to existing therapies, which reflects our commitment to adapting to patient needs and market demands. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. To supplement our internal research programs, we collaborate with biopharmaceutical and technology companies, leading academic research institutions, and other organizations to advance research in our areas of therapeutic interest and access technologies needed to execute our strategy. Our corporate compliance program is designed to actively identify, prevent, and mitigate risk through compliance policies and systems, promoting a culture of compliance that supports operational continuity and organizational health. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies, frequently evaluating our drug development programs in light of new data and insights to balance risk and potential. This process can result in abrupt changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available, demonstrating our operational flexibility and adaptability in response to unexpected situations. Our strategic investments and collaborations enhance our research capabilities, allowing us to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform our operations to emerge stronger from challenging situations. We maintain a substantial investment in research activities, which are expected to continue to be affected by business development activities. Our research expenses increased due to collaboration agreements, reflecting our proactive measures to foster innovation. We expect our future cash flows will be substantially dependent on our cystic fibrosis product sales, and we may borrow under our revolving credit facility to support our operations. The adequacy of our available funds to meet future operating and capital requirements will depend on various factors, including the amounts of future revenues generated by cystic fibrosis products and the potential introduction of new drug candidates. We have entered into collaboration agreements that include funding for research and development efforts, which are contingent upon continued involvement in the programs. Our collaborations require significant judgments and have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements, reflecting our organizational resilience in navigating complex situations. The determination to release the majority of our valuation allowances on deferred tax assets demonstrates our adaptability and positive adjustment under challenging conditions, enhancing our financial strength and operational resilience. We expect to continue utilizing our net operating losses to offset income, which will further support our strategic initiatives and organizational effectiveness.