Management measures the results of the company's segments using each segment's operating income, including certain corporate overhead allocations, as well as other measures. We face strong sales competition from other discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, warehouse clubs and supermarkets, as well as ecommerce businesses. We also compete with a number of companies for attracting and retaining quality employees. We are influenced by a number of factors including catastrophic events, weather, competitive pressures, consumer disposable income, consumer debt levels and buying patterns, consumer credit availability, cost of goods, currency exchange rate fluctuations, customer preferences, deflation, inflation, fuel and energy prices, general economic conditions, insurance costs, interest rates, labor costs, tax rates, the imposition of tariffs, cybersecurity attacks and unemployment. We define our financial framework as strong, efficient growth, consistent operating discipline, and strategic capital allocation. Our objective of prioritizing strong, efficient growth means we will focus on the most productive growth opportunities, increasing comparable store and club sales, accelerating ecommerce sales growth and expansion of omni-channel initiatives while slowing the rate of growth of new stores and clubs. We operate with discipline by managing expenses, optimizing the efficiency of how we work and creating an environment in which we have sustainable lowest cost to serve. The improvements in fiscal 2019 were partially offset by additional investments in ecommerce and technology, as well as a charge related to a securities class action lawsuit. We are allocating more capital to ecommerce, technology, supply chain, and store remodels and less to new store and club openings, when compared to prior years. Our total dividend payments were $6.1 billion, $6.1 billion and $6.2 billion for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund operations, finance our global investment and expansion activities, pay dividends and fund our share repurchases for the foreseeable future. We generated free cash flow of $17.4 billion, $18.3 billion and $21.1 billion for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities and free cash flow in fiscal 2018 from fiscal 2017 were primarily due to the timing of tax and other payments, as well as lapping the previous year's improvements in working capital management and the benefit from the application of tax regulations adopted in fiscal 2017. Our working capital deficit was $15.6 billion and $18.9 billion as of January 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. We generally operate with a working capital deficit due to our efficient use of cash in funding operations, consistent access to the capital markets and returns provided to our shareholders in the form of payments of cash dividends and share repurchases. We have strong commercial paper and long-term debt ratings that have enabled and should continue to enable us to refinance our debt as it becomes due at favorable rates in capital markets. The strength and stability of our operations have historically supplied us with a significant source of liquidity. We believe cash flows from operations, our current cash position and access to capital markets will continue to be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating cash needs, which include funding seasonal buildups in merchandise inventories and funding our capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments and share repurchases. We utilize the liquidity provided by short-term borrowings to provide funding for our operations, dividend payments, share repurchases, capital expenditures and other cash requirements. We also enter into contracts for outsourced services; however, the obligations under these contracts are not significant and the contracts generally contain clauses allowing for cancellation without significant penalty.