item 1a. risk factors.
we discuss our expectations regarding future performance, events and outcomes, such as our business outlook and objectives in this form 10-k, as well as in our quarterly and annual reports, current reports on form 8-k, press releases and other written and oral communications. all statements, except for historical and present factual information, are "forward-looking statements" and are based on financial data and business plans available only as of the time the statements are made, which may become outdated or incomplete. we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or other factors, except to the extent required by law. forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain, and investors must recognize that events could significantly differ from our expectations.
the following discussion of "risk factors" identifies significant factors that may adversely affect our business, operations, financial position or future financial performance. this information should be read in conjunction with management's discussion and analysis and the consolidated financial statements and related notes incorporated in this report. the following discussion of risks is not all inclusive, but is designed to highlight what we believe are important factors to consider when evaluating our expectations. these and other factors could cause our future results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements and from historical trends, perhaps materially.
our business is subject to numerous risks as a result of our having significant operations and sales in international markets, including foreign currency fluctuations, currency exchange or pricing controls and localized volatility.
we are a global company, with operations in approximately 70 countries and products sold in more than 180 countries and territories around the world. we hold assets, incur liabilities, generate sales and pay expenses in a variety of currencies other than the u.s. dollar, and our operations outside the u.s. generate more than fifty percent of our annual net sales. fluctuations in exchange rates for foreign currencies have and could continue to reduce the u.s. dollar value of sales, earnings and cash flows we receive from non-u.s. markets, increase our supply costs (as measured in u.s. dollars) in those markets, negatively impact our competitiveness in those markets or otherwise adversely impact our business results or financial condition. moreover, discriminatory or conflicting fiscal or trade policies in different countries, including changes to tariffs and existing trade policies and agreements, could adversely affect our results. see also the results of operations and cash flow, financial condition and liquidity sections of the md&a, and the consolidated financial statements and related notes.
we also have businesses and maintain local currency cash balances in a number of countries with currency exchange, import authorization, pricing or other controls or restrictions, such as nigeria, algeria, argentina, egypt and turkey. our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely impacted if we are unable to successfully manage such controls and restrictions, continue existing business operations and repatriate earnings from overseas, or if new or increased tariffs, quotas, exchange or price controls, trade barriers or similar restrictions are imposed on our business.
additionally, our business, operations or employees have been and could continue to be adversely affected by political volatility, labor market disruptions or other crises or vulnerabilities in individual countries or regions, including political instability or upheaval, broad economic instability or sovereign risk related to a default by or deterioration in the creditworthiness of local governments, particularly in emerging markets.
uncertain economic conditions may adversely impact demand for our products or cause our customers and other business partners to suffer financial hardship, which could adversely impact our business.
our business could be negatively impacted by reduced demand for our products related to one or more significant local, regional or global economic disruptions. these disruptions have included and may in the future include: a slow-down or recession in the general economy; reduced market growth rates; tighter credit markets for our suppliers, vendors or customers; a significant shift in government policies; the deterioration of economic relations between countries or regions, including potential negative consumer sentiment toward non-local products or sources; or the inability to conduct day-to-day transactions through our financial intermediaries to pay funds to or collect funds from our customers, vendors and suppliers. additionally, these and other economic conditions may cause our suppliers, distributors, contractors or other third-party partners to suffer financial or operational difficulties that they cannot overcome, resulting in their inability to provide us with the the procter & gamble company 3
materials and services we need, in which case our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. customers may also suffer financial hardships due to economic conditions such that their accounts become uncollectible or are subject to longer collection cycles. in addition, if we are unable to generate sufficient sales, income and cash flow, it could affect the company's ability to achieve expected share repurchase and dividend payments.
disruptions in credit markets or changes to our credit ratings may reduce our access to credit.
a disruption in the credit markets or a downgrade of our current credit rating could increase our future borrowing costs and impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us, which could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources or significantly increase our cost of capital.
our business results depend on our ability to manage disruptions in our global supply chain.
our ability to meet our customers' needs and achieve cost targets depends on our ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements, including execution of supply chain optimizations and certain sole supplier or sole manufacturing plant arrangements. the loss or disruption of such manufacturing and supply arrangements, including for issues such as labor disputes, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, discontinuity in our internal information and data systems, inability to procure sufficient raw or input materials, significant changes in trade policy, natural disasters, increasing severity or frequency of extreme weather events due to climate change or otherwise, acts of war or terrorism, disease outbreaks or other external factors over which we have no control, have interrupted product supply and, if not effectively managed and remedied, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
our businesses face cost fluctuations and pressures that could affect our business results.
our costs are subject to fluctuations, particularly due to changes in the prices of commodities and raw materials and the costs of labor, transportation, energy, pension and healthcare. therefore, our business results depend, in part, on our continued ability to manage these fluctuations through pricing actions, cost saving projects and sourcing decisions, while maintaining and improving margins and market share. failure to manage these fluctuations could adversely impact our results of operations or cash flows.
our ability to meet our growth targets depends on successful product, marketing and operations innovation and successful responses to competitive innovation and changing consumer habits.
we are a consumer products company that relies on continued global demand for our brands and products. achieving our business results depends, in part, on successfully developing, introducing and marketing new products and on making significant improvements to our equipment and manufacturing processes. the success of such innovation depends on our ability to correctly anticipate customer and consumer acceptance and trends, to obtain, maintain and enforce necessary intellectual property protections and to avoid infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others. we must also successfully respond to technological advances made by, and intellectual property rights granted to, competitors. failure to continually innovate, improve and respond to competitive moves and changing consumer habits could compromise our competitive position and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
the ability to achieve our business objectives depends on how well we can compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing markets and channels.
the consumer products industry is highly competitive. across all of our categories, we compete against a wide variety of global and local competitors. as a result, we experience ongoing competitive pressures in the environments in which we operate, which may result in challenges in maintaining profit margins. to address these challenges, we must be able to successfully respond to competitive factors and emerging retail trends, including pricing, promotional incentives, product delivery windows and trade terms. in addition, evolving sales channels and business models may affect customer and consumer preferences as well as market dynamics, which, for example, may be seen in the growing consumer preference for shopping online, ease of competitive entry into certain categories, and growth in hard discounter channels. failure to successfully respond to competitive factors and emerging retail trends, and effectively compete in growing sales channels and business models, particularly e-commerce and mobile commerce applications, could negatively impact our results of operations or cash flows.
a significant change in customer relationships or in customer demand for our products could have a significant impact on our business.
we sell most of our products via retail customers, which include mass merchandisers, e-commerce, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, wholesalers, baby stores, specialty beauty stores (including airport duty-free stores), high-frequency stores, pharmacies, electronics stores and professional channels. our success depends on our ability to successfully manage relationships with our retail trade customers, which includes our ability to offer trade terms that are mutually acceptable and are aligned with our pricing and profitability targets. continued concentration among our retail customers could create significant cost and margin pressure on our business, and our business performance could suffer if we cannot reach agreement with a key customer on trade terms and principles. our business could also be negatively impacted if a key customer were to significantly reduce the inventory level of or shelf space allocated to our products as a result of increased offerings of other branded manufacturers, private label brands and generic non-branded products or for other reasons, significantly tighten product delivery windows or experience a significant business disruption.
4 the procter & gamble company if the reputation of the company or one or more of our brands erodes significantly, it could have a material impact on our financial results.
the company's reputation, and the reputation of our brands, form the foundation of our relationships with key stakeholders and other constituencies, including consumers, customers and suppliers. the quality and safety of our products are critical to our business. many of our brands have worldwide recognition and our financial success directly depends on the success of our brands. the success of our brands can suffer if our marketing plans or product initiatives do not have the desired impact on a brand's image or its ability to attract consumers. our results of operations or cash flows could also be negatively impacted if one of our brands suffers substantial harm to its reputation due to a significant product recall, product-related litigation, defects or impurities in our products, product misuse, changing consumer perceptions of certain ingredients or environmental impacts, allegations of product tampering or the distribution and sale of counterfeit products. additionally, negative or inaccurate postings or comments on social media or networking websites about the company or one of its brands could generate adverse publicity that could damage the reputation of our brands or the company. if we are unable to effectively manage real or perceived issues, including concerns about safety, quality, ingredients, efficacy, environmental impacts or similar matters, sentiments toward the company or our products could be negatively impacted, and our results of operations or cash flows could suffer. our company also devotes time and resources to citizenship efforts that are consistent with our corporate values and are designed to strengthen our business and protect and preserve our reputation, including programs driving ethics and corporate responsibility, strong communities, diversity and inclusion, gender equality and environmental sustainability. if these programs are not executed as planned or suffer negative publicity, the company's reputation and results of operations or cash flows could be adversely impacted.
we rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, which creates additional risk.
due to the scale and scope of our business, we must rely on relationships with third parties, including our suppliers, contract manufacturers, distributors, contractors, commercial banks, joint venture partners and external business partners, for certain functions. if we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships and the agreements under which our third-party partners operate, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted. further, failure of these third parties to meet their obligations to the company or substantial disruptions in the relationships between the company and these third parties could adversely impact our operations and financial results. additionally, while we have policies and procedures for managing these relationships, they inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, governance and compliance, thereby potentially increasing our financial, legal, reputational and operational risk.
a significant information security or operational technology incident, including a cybersecurity breach, or the failure of one or more key information or operations technology systems, networks, hardware, processes, and/or associated sites owned or operated by the company or one of its service providers could have a material adverse impact on our business or reputation.
we rely extensively on information and operational technology ("it/ot") systems, networks and services, including internet and intranet sites, data hosting and processing facilities and technologies, physical security systems and other hardware, software and technical applications and platforms, many of which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. the various uses of these it/ot systems, networks and services include, but are not limited to:
•shipping products to customers;
•marketing and selling products to consumers;
•collecting, transferring, storing and/or processing customer, consumer, employee, vendor, investor, and other stakeholder information and personal data, including such data from persons covered by an expanding landscape of privacy and data regulations, such as citizens of the european union who are covered by the general data protection regulation ("gdpr") or residents of california covered by the california consumer privacy act ("ccpa");
•summarizing and reporting results of operations, including financial reporting;
•managing our banking and other cash liquidity systems and platforms;
•hosting, processing and sharing, as appropriate, confidential and proprietary research, business plans and financial information;
•collaborating via an online and efficient means of global business communications;
•complying with regulatory, legal and tax requirements;
•providing data security; and
•handling other processes necessary to manage our business.
numerous and evolving information security threats, including advanced persistent cybersecurity threats, pose a risk to the security of our services, systems, networks and supply chain, as well as to the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data and of our critical business operations. in addition, because the techniques, tools and tactics used in cyber-attacks frequently change and may be difficult to detect for periods of time, we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures or fully mitigating harms after such an attack.
our it/ot databases and systems and our third-party providers' databases and systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to advanced computer viruses or other malicious codes, ransomware, unauthorized access attempts, denial of service attacks, phishing, social engineering, hacking and other cyber-attacks. such attacks may originate from outside parties, hackers, criminal organizations or other threat actors, including nation states. in addition, insider actors-malicious or otherwise-could cause technical disruptions and/or confidential data leakage. we cannot guarantee that our security efforts or the security efforts of our third-party providers will prevent material breaches, operational incidents or other breakdowns to our or our third-party providers' it/ot databases or systems.
if the it/ot systems, networks or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly or cause operational outages or aberrations, or if we or one of our third-party providers suffer significant unavailability of key operations, or inadvertent disclosure of, lack of integrity of, or loss of our sensitive business or stakeholder information, due to any number of causes, ranging from catastrophic events or power outages to improper data handling, security incidents or employee error or malfeasance, and our business continuity plans do not effectively address these failures on a timely basis, we may be exposed to reputational, competitive, operational, financial and business harm as well as litigation and regulatory action. periodically, we also upgrade our it/ot systems or adopt new technologies. if such a new system or technology does not function properly or otherwise exposes us to increased cybersecurity breaches and failures, it could affect our ability to order materials, make and ship orders, and process payments in addition to other operational and information integrity and loss issues. the costs and operational consequences of responding to the above items and implementing remediation measures could be significant and could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.
changing political conditions could adversely impact our business and financial results.
changes in the political conditions in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products may be difficult to predict and may adversely affect our business and financial results. for example, the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union ("brexit") has created uncertainty regarding, among other things, the u.k.'s future legal and economic framework and how the u.k. will interact with other countries, including with respect to the free movement of goods, services, capital and people. in addition, results of elections, referendums or other political processes in certain markets in which our products are manufactured, sold or distributed could create uncertainty regarding how existing governmental policies, laws and regulations may change, including with respect to sanctions, taxes, tariffs, import and export controls and the general movement of goods, services, capital and people between countries and other matters. the potential implications of such uncertainty, which include, among others, exchange rate fluctuations, new or increased tariffs, trade barriers and market contraction, could adversely affect the company's results of operations and cash flows.
we must successfully manage compliance with laws and regulations, as well as manage new and pending legal and regulatory matters in the u.s. and abroad.
our business is subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations across the countries in which we do business, including those laws and regulations involving intellectual property, product liability, product composition or formulation, packaging content or end-of-life responsibility, marketing, antitrust, data protection, environmental (including increasing focus on the climate, water, and waste impacts of consumer packaged goods companies' operations and products), employment, anti-bribery, anti-corruption, tax, accounting and financial reporting or other matters. rapidly changing laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations, as well as increased enforcement actions, create challenges for the company, including our compliance and ethics programs, may alter the environment in which we do business and may increase the ongoing costs of compliance, which could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. if we are unable to continue to meet these challenges and comply with all laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations, it could negatively impact our reputation and our business results. failure to successfully manage regulatory and legal matters and resolve such matters without significant liability or damage to our reputation may materially adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. furthermore, if pending legal or regulatory matters result in fines or costs in excess of the amounts accrued to date, that may also materially impact our results of operations and financial position.
changes in applicable tax regulations and resolutions of tax disputes could negatively affect our financial results.
the company is subject to taxation in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. changes in the various tax laws can and do occur. for example, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "u.s. tax act"). the changes included in the u.s. tax act are broad and complex.  the ongoing impacts of the u.s. tax act may differ from the estimates provided elsewhere in the reports we file with the securities and exchange commission, possibly materially, due to, among other things, changes in interpretations, any regulatory guidance or legislative action to address questions that arise or any updates or changes to estimates the company has used to calculate the impacts.
additionally, longstanding international tax norms that determine each country's jurisdiction to tax cross-border international trade are subject to potential evolution. an outgrowth of the original base erosion and profit shifting ("beps") project is a project undertaken by the more than 130 member countries of the expanded oecd inclusive framework focused on "addressing the challenges of the digitalization of the economy." the breadth of this project extends beyond pure digital businesses and is likely to
6 the procter & gamble company impact all multinational businesses by potentially redefining jurisdictional taxation rights. as this and other tax laws and related regulations change or evolve, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially impacted. given the unpredictability of these possible changes, it is very difficult to assess whether the overall effect of such potential tax changes would be cumulatively positive or negative, but such changes could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.
furthermore, we are subject to regular review and audit by both foreign and domestic tax authorities. while we believe our tax positions will be sustained, the final outcome of tax audits and related litigation, including maintaining our intended tax treatment of divestiture transactions such as the fiscal 2017 beauty brands transaction with coty, may differ materially from the tax amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements, which could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.
we must successfully manage ongoing acquisition, joint venture and divestiture activities.
as a company that manages a portfolio of consumer brands, our ongoing business model includes a certain level of acquisition, joint venture and divestiture activities. we must be able to successfully manage the impacts of these activities, while at the same time delivering against our business objectives. specifically, our financial results have been, and in the future could be, adversely impacted by the dilutive impacts from the loss of earnings associated with divested brands or dissolution of joint ventures. our results of operations and cash flows have been and, in the future could also be, impacted by acquisitions or joint venture activities, if: 1) changes in the cash flows or other market-based assumptions cause the value of acquired assets to fall below book value, or 2) we are not able to deliver the expected cost and growth synergies associated with such acquisitions and joint ventures, including as a result of integration and collaboration challenges, which could also result in an impairment of goodwill and intangible assets.
our business results depend on our ability to successfully manage productivity improvements and ongoing organizational change, including attracting and retaining key talent as part of our overall succession planning.
our financial projections assume certain ongoing productivity improvements and cost savings, including staffing adjustments as well as employee departures. failure to deliver these planned productivity improvements and cost savings, while continuing to invest in business growth, could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. additionally, successfully executing organizational change, management transitions at leadership levels of the company and motivation and retention of key employees, is critical to our business success. factors that may affect our ability to attract and retain sufficient numbers of qualified employees include employee morale, our reputation, competition from other employers and availability of qualified individuals. our success depends on identifying, developing and retaining key employees to provide uninterrupted leadership and direction for our business. this includes developing and retaining organizational capabilities in key growth markets where the depth of skilled or experienced employees may be limited and competition for these resources is intense, as well as continuing the development and execution of robust leadership succession plans.
we must successfully manage the demand, supply, and operational challenges associated with the actual or perceived effects of a disease outbreak, including epidemics, pandemics, or similar widespread public health concerns.
our business may be negatively impacted by the fear of exposure to or actual effects of a disease outbreak, epidemic, pandemic, or similar widespread public health concern, such as travel restrictions or recommendations or mandates from governmental authorities to avoid large gatherings or to self-quarantine as a result of the novel coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic. these impacts include, but are not limited to:
•significant reductions in demand or significant volatility in demand for one or more of our products, which may be caused by, among other things: the temporary inability of consumers to purchase our products due to illness, quarantine or other travel restrictions, or financial hardship, shifts in demand away from one or more of our more discretionary or higher priced products to lower priced products, or stockpiling or similar pantry-loading activity. if prolonged, such impacts can further increase the difficulty of business or operations planning and may adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows;
•inability to meet our customers' needs and achieve cost targets due to disruptions in our manufacturing and supply arrangements caused by constrained workforce capacity or the loss or disruption of other essential manufacturing and supply elements such as raw materials or other finished product components, transportation, or other manufacturing and distribution capability;
•failure of third parties on which we rely, including our suppliers, contract manufacturers, distributors, contractors, commercial banks, joint venture partners and external business partners, to meet their obligations to the company, or significant disruptions in their ability to do so, which may be caused by their own financial or operational difficulties and may adversely impact our operations; or
•significant changes in the political conditions in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products, including quarantines, import/export restrictions, price controls, or governmental or regulatory actions, closures or other restrictions that limit or close our operating and manufacturing facilities, restrict our employees' ability to travel or perform necessary business functions, or otherwise prevent our third-party partners, suppliers, or customers from sufficiently staffing operations, including operations necessary for the production, distribution, sale, and support of our products, which the procter & gamble company 7
despite our efforts to manage and remedy these impacts to the company, their ultimate impact also depends on factors beyond our knowledge or control, including the duration and severity of any such outbreak as well as third-party actions taken to contain its spread and mitigate its public health effects.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
management's discussion and analysis forward-looking statements certain statements in this report, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report, including without limitation, the following sections: "management's discussion and analysis," "risk factors" and "notes 4 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements." these forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words "believe," "project," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "intend," "strategy," "future," "opportunity," "plan," "may," "should," "will," "would," "will be," "will continue," "will likely result," and similar expressions. forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by law.
risks and uncertainties to which our forward-looking statements are subject include, without limitation: (1) the ability to successfully manage global financial risks,
12 the procter & gamble company including foreign currency fluctuations, currency exchange or pricing controls and localized volatility; (2) the ability to successfully manage local, regional or global economic volatility, including reduced market growth rates, and to generate sufficient income and cash flow to allow the company to effect the expected share repurchases and dividend payments; (3) the ability to manage disruptions in credit markets or changes to our credit rating; (4) the ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements (including execution of supply chain optimizations and sole supplier and sole manufacturing plant arrangements) and to manage disruption of business due to factors outside of our control, such as natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, or disease outbreaks; (5) the ability to successfully manage cost fluctuations and pressures, including prices of commodities and raw materials, and costs of labor, transportation, energy, pension and healthcare; (6) the ability to stay on the leading edge of innovation, obtain necessary intellectual property protections and successfully respond to changing consumer habits and technological advances attained by, and patents granted to, competitors; (7) the ability to compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing sales channels, including by successfully responding to competitive factors such as prices, promotional incentives and trade terms for products; (8) the ability to manage and maintain key customer relationships; (9) the ability to protect our reputation and brand equity by successfully managing real or perceived issues, including concerns about safety, quality, ingredients, efficacy or similar matters that may arise; (10) the ability to successfully manage the financial, legal, reputational and operational risk associated with third-party relationships, such as our suppliers, contract manufacturers, distributors, contractors and external business partners; (11) the ability to rely on and maintain key company and third party information and operational technology systems, networks and services, and maintain the security and functionality of such systems, networks and services and the data contained therein; (12) the ability to successfully manage uncertainties related to changing political conditions (including the united kingdom's exit from the european union) and potential implications such as exchange rate fluctuations and market contraction; (13) the ability to successfully manage regulatory and legal requirements and matters (including, without limitation, those laws and regulations involving product liability, product and packaging composition, intellectual property, labor and employment, antitrust, data protection, tax, environmental, and accounting and financial reporting) and to resolve pending matters within current estimates; (14) the ability to manage changes in applicable tax laws and regulations including maintaining our intended tax treatment of divestiture transactions; (15) the ability to successfully manage our ongoing acquisition, divestiture and joint venture activities, in each case to achieve the company's overall business strategy and financial objectives, without impacting the delivery of base business objectives; (16) the ability to successfully achieve productivity improvements and cost savings and manage ongoing organizational changes, while successfully identifying, developing and retaining key employees, including in key growth markets where the availability of skilled or experienced employees may be limited; and (17) the ability to successfully manage the demand, supply, and operational challenges associated with a disease outbreak, including epidemics, pandemics, or similar widespread public health concerns (including the novel coronavirus, covid-19, outbreak). a detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected herein, is included in the section titled "economic conditions and uncertainties" and the section titled "risk factors" (part i, item 1a) of this form 10-k.
the purpose of management's discussion and analysis (md&a) is to provide an understanding of procter & gamble's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows by focusing on changes in certain key measures from year to year. the md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. the md&a is organized in the following sections:
•overview
•economic conditions and uncertainties
•cash flow, financial condition and liquidity
•other information throughout the md&a we refer to measures used by management to evaluate performance, including unit volume growth, net sales and net earnings. we also refer to a number of financial measures that are not defined under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america (u.s. gaap), consisting of organic sales growth, core earnings per share (core eps), adjusted free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow productivity. organic sales growth is net sales growth excluding the impacts of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign exchange from year-over-year comparisons. core eps is diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations excluding certain items that are not judged to be part of the company's sustainable results or trends. adjusted free cash flow is operating cash flow less capital spending, transitional tax payments related to the u.s. tax act and tax payments related to the merck otc consumer healthcare acquisition. adjusted free cash flow productivity is the ratio of adjusted free cash flow to net earnings. we believe these measures provide our investors with additional information about our underlying results and trends, as well as insight to some of the metrics used to evaluate management. the explanation at the end of the md&a provides more details on the use and the derivation of these measures, as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures.
management also uses certain market share and market consumption estimates to evaluate performance relative to competition despite some limitations on the availability and the procter & gamble company 13
comparability of share and consumption information. references to market share and consumption in the md&a are based on a combination of vendor purchased traditional brick-and-mortar and online data in key markets as well as internal estimates. all market share references represent the percentage of sales of our products in dollar terms on a constant currency basis, relative to all product sales in the category. the company measures fiscal-year-to-date market shares through the most recent period for which market share data is available, which typically reflects a lag time of one or two months as compared to the end of the reporting period. management also uses unit volume growth to evaluate and explain drivers of changes in net sales. organic volume growth reflects year-over-year changes in unit volume excluding the impacts of acquisitions and divestitures and certain one-time items, if applicable, and is used to explain changes in organic sales.
overview procter & gamble is a global leader in the fast-moving consumer goods industry, focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods of superior quality and value to our consumers around the world. our products are sold in more than 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, e-commerce, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, wholesalers, baby stores, specialty beauty stores (including airport duty-free stores), high-frequency stores, pharmacies, electronics stores and professional channels. we also sell direct to consumers. we have on-the-ground operations in approximately 70 countries.
our market environment is highly competitive with global, regional and local competitors. in many of the markets and industry segments in which we sell our products, we compete against other branded products, as well as retailers' private-label brands. additionally, many of the product segments in which we compete are differentiated by price tiers (referred to as super-premium, premium, mid-tier and value-tier products). we believe we are well positioned in the industry segments and markets in which we operate, often holding a leadership or significant market share position.
organizational structure in fiscal 2020, our organizational structure was comprised of sector business units (sbus), enterprise markets (ems), corporate functions (cf) and global business services (gbs).
sector business units our sbus are organized into ten product categories. under u.s. gaap, the sbus underlying the ten product categories are aggregated into five reportable segments: beauty; grooming; health care; fabric & home care; and baby, feminine & family care. the sbus are responsible for developing overall brand strategy, new product upgrades and innovations and marketing plans. the following provides additional detail on our reportable segments and the ten product categories and brand composition within each segment.
reportable segments                        % ofnet sales (1)       % of netearnings (1)                                                                                                                   product categories (sub-categories)   major brands beauty                                                   19%                        21%                                                                                            hair care (conditioner, shampoo, styling aids, treatments)   head &amp; shoulders, herbal essences, pantene, rejoice skin and personal care (antiperspirant and deodorant, personal cleansing, skin care)   olay, old spice, safeguard, secret, sk-ii grooming                                                  9%                        10%          grooming (2) (shave care - female blades &amp; razors, male blades &amp; razors, pre- and post-shave products, other shave care; appliances)   braun, gillette, venus health care                                              13%                        12%                                                                                                 oral care (toothbrushes, toothpaste, other oral care)   crest, oral-b personal health care (gastrointestinal, rapid diagnostics, respiratory, vitamins/minerals/supplements, pain relief, other personal health care)   metamucil, neurobion, pepto-bismol, vicks fabric &amp; home care                                   33%                        31%                                                                                 fabric care (fabric enhancers, laundry additives, laundry detergents)   ariel, downy, gain, tide home care (air care, dish care, p&amp;g professional, surface care)   cascade, dawn, fairy, febreze, mr. clean, swiffer baby, feminine &amp; family care                         26%                        26%                                                                                                       baby care (baby wipes, taped diapers and pants)   luvs, pampers feminine care (adult incontinence, feminine care)   always, always discreet, tampax family care (paper towels, tissues, toilet paper)   bounty, charmin, puffs
(1) percent of net sales and net earnings from continuing operations for the year ended june 30, 2020 (excluding results held in corporate).
14 the procter & gamble company recent developments:
during fiscal 2019, the company completed the acquisition of the over-the-counter (otc) healthcare business of merck kgaa (merck otc) for $3.7 billion (based on exchange rates at the time of closing). this business primarily sells otc consumer healthcare products, mainly in markets in europe, latin america and asia. total sales for the business during merck otc's fiscal year ended december 31, 2017 were approximately $1 billion. refer to note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for more details on this transaction.
during fiscal 2019, the company also dissolved our pgt healthcare partnership, a venture between the company and teva pharmaceutical industries, ltd (teva) in the otc consumer healthcare business. pursuant to the agreement, pgt product assets were returned to the original respective parent companies to reestablish independent otc businesses. this transaction was accounted for as a sale of the teva portion of the pgt business. the company recorded an after-tax gain on the sale of $353 million.
organization design changes:
the company implemented changes to our organization design effective july 1, 2019. in the new design, the ten product categories were organized into six sbus. the sbus are responsible for global brand strategy, innovation and supply chain. they have direct profit responsibility for markets representing the large majority of the company's sales and earnings (referred to as focus markets) and are responsible for innovation plans, supply plans and operating frameworks to drive growth and value creation in the remaining markets (referred to as enterprise markets). for segment reporting purposes, the product categories continue to be aggregated into the same five external reporting segments. throughout the md&a, we reference business results by region, which are comprised of north america, europe, greater china, latin america, asia pacific and india, middle east and africa (imea).
beauty: we are a global market leader in the beauty category. most of the beauty markets in which we compete are highly fragmented with a large number of global and local competitors. we compete in skin and personal care and in hair care. in skin and personal care, we offer a wide variety of products, ranging from deodorants to personal cleansing to skin care, such as our olay brand, which is one of the top facial skin care brands in the world with approximately 6% global market share. we are the global market leader in the retail hair care market with over 20% global market share primarily behind our pantene and head & shoulders brands.
grooming: we compete in shave care and appliances. in shave care, we are the global market leader in the blades and razors market. our global blades and razors market share is over 60%, primarily behind our gillette and venus brands. our appliances, such as electric shavers and epilators, are sold under the braun brand in a number of markets around the world where we compete against both global and regional competitors. we hold nearly 25% of the male electric shavers market and over 50% of the female epilators market.
health care: we compete in oral care and personal health care. in oral care, there are several global competitors in the market and we have the number two market share position with nearly 20% global market share behind our crest and oral-b brands. in personal health care, we are a top ten competitor in a large, highly fragmented industry, primarily behind respiratory treatments (vicks brand) and digestive wellness products (metamucil, pepto bismol and align brands). as discussed earlier, in fiscal 2019, we dissolved the pgt healthcare partnership with teva, which previously managed nearly all of our personal health care sales outside the u.s., and reestablished an independent otc business. we also acquired merck otc as discussed above.
fabric & home care: this segment is comprised of a variety of fabric care products, including laundry detergents, additives and fabric enhancers; and home care products, including dishwashing liquids and detergents, surface cleaners and air fresheners. in fabric care, we generally have the number one or number two market share position in the markets in which we compete and are the global market leader with over 25% global market share, primarily behind our tide, ariel and downy brands. our global home care market share is approximately 25% across the categories in which we compete primarily behind our cascade, dawn, febreze and swiffer brands.
baby, feminine & family care:  in baby care, we are the global market leader and compete mainly in taped diapers, pants and baby wipes with nearly 25% global market share. we have the number one or number two market share position in most of the key markets in which we compete, primarily behind pampers, the company's largest brand, with annual net sales of over $7 billion. we are the global market leader in the feminine care category with 25% global market share, primarily behind our always and tampax brands. we also compete in the adult incontinence category in certain markets behind always discreet, achieving nearly 10% market share in most of the key markets in which we compete. our family care business is predominantly a north american business comprised primarily of the bounty paper towel and charmin toilet paper brands. u.s. market shares are over 40% for bounty and over 25% for charmin.
enterprise markets as a result of the changes in our organization design effective july 1, 2019, ems are responsible for sales and profit delivery in specific countries, supported by sbu agreed innovation and supply chain plans, along with scaled services like planning, distribution and customer management.
corporate functions cf provides company-level strategy and portfolio analysis, corporate accounting, treasury, tax, external relations, governance, human resources and legal services.
global business services gbs provides technology, processes and standard data tools to enable the sbus, the ems and cf to better understand the business and better serve consumers and customers. the gbs organization is responsible for providing world-class solutions at a low cost and with minimal capital investment.
strategic focus procter & gamble aspires to serve the world's consumers better than our best competitors in every category and in every country in which we compete, and, as a result, deliver total shareholder return in the top one-third of our peer group.  delivering and sustaining leadership levels of shareholder value creation requires balanced top- and bottom-line growth and strong cash generation.
the company has undertaken an effort to focus and strengthen its business portfolio to compete in categories and with brands that are structurally attractive and that play to p&g's strengths. the ongoing portfolio of businesses consists of ten product categories where p&g has leading market positions, strong brands and consumer-meaningful product technologies.
within these categories, our strategic choices are focused on winning with consumers.  the consumers who purchase and use our products are at the center of everything we do.  we win with consumers by delivering superiority across the five key elements of product, packaging, brand communication, retail execution and value equation. winning with consumers around the world and against our best competitors requires innovation.  innovation has always been, and continues to be, p&g's lifeblood.  innovation requires consumer insights and technology advancements that lead to product improvements, improved marketing and merchandising programs and game-changing inventions that create new brands and categories.
productivity improvement is critical to delivering our balanced top- and bottom-line growth and value creation objectives. productivity improvement and sales growth reinforce and fuel each other. our objective is to drive productivity improvement across all elements of cost, including cost of goods sold, marketing and promotional spending and non-manufacturing overhead. we plan to reinvest productivity improvements and cost savings in product and packaging improvements, brand awareness-building advertising and trial-building sampling programs, increased sales coverage and r&d programs as well as to offset cost increases (including commodity and foreign exchange impacts) and improve operating margins.
we are constructively disrupting our industry and the way we do business, including how we innovate, communicate and leverage new technologies, to create more value.
we are improving operational effectiveness and organizational culture through enhanced clarity of roles and responsibilities, accountability and incentive compensation programs.
we believe these strategies are right for the long-term health of the company and our objective of delivering total shareholder return in the top one-third of our peer group.
the company expects the delivery of the following long-term annual financial targets will result in total shareholder returns in the top third of the competitive fast-moving consumer goods peer group:
•organic sales growth above market growth rates in the categories and geographies in which we compete;
•core earnings per share (eps) growth of mid-to-high single digits; and
•adjusted free cash flow productivity of 90% or greater.
in periods with significant macroeconomic pressures, such as the current covid-19 pandemic, we intend to maintain a disciplined approach to investing so as not to sacrifice the long-term health of our businesses to meet short-term objectives in any given year.
summary of 2020 results amounts in millions, except per share amounts                     2020                    2019                  change vs. prior year net sales                                                  $70,950                  $67,684                               5         %
cash flow from operating activities                         17,403                   15,242                              14         %
•net sales increased 5% to $71.0 billion on a 4% increase in unit volume. foreign exchange had a negative 2% impact on net sales. net sales growth was driven by a double digit increase in health care, a high single digit increase in fabric & home care, a mid-single digit increase in beauty and a low single digit increase in baby, feminine & family care. grooming net sales decreased low single digits. organic sales increased 6% on a 4% increase in organic volume. organic sales increased high single digits in health care and in fabric & home care, increased mid-single digits in beauty and in baby, feminine & family care and increased low single digits in grooming.
•operating income increased $10.2 billion, or 186% versus year ago, due primarily to the $8.3 billion base period non-cash impairment charges related to shave care goodwill and gillette indefinite-lived intangible assets (shave care impairment). the remaining $1.9 billion increase was driven by the net sales increase and an increase in operating margin.
•net earnings increased $9.1 billion or 230% versus year ago, due to the aforementioned items and a reduction in current year effective tax rates, partially offset by the base period gain on the dissolution of the pgt healthcare partnership and other minor divestitures. foreign exchange impacts negatively affected net earnings by approximately $390 million.
•net earnings attributable to procter & gamble were $13.0 billion, an increase of $9.1 billion or 234% versus the prior year primarily due to the aforementioned items.
•cash flow from operating activities was $17.4 billion.
◦ adjusted free cash flow productivity was 114%.
economic conditions and uncertainties we discuss expectations regarding future performance, events and outcomes, such as our business outlook and objectives, in annual and quarterly reports, press releases and other written and oral communications. all such statements, except for historical and present factual information, are "forward-looking statements" and are based on financial data and our business plans available only as of the time the statements are made, which may become out-of-date or incomplete. we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or other factors, except as required by law. forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain and investors must recognize that events could be significantly different from our expectations. for more information on risk factors that could impact our results, please refer to "risk factors" in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k.
global economic conditions. our products are sold in numerous countries across north america, europe, latin america, asia and africa, with more than half our sales generated outside the united states. as such, we are exposed to and impacted by global macro-economic factors, u.s. and foreign government policies and foreign exchange fluctuations. current global economic conditions are highly volatile due to the covid-19 pandemic, resulting in both market size contractions in certain countries due to economic slowdowns and government restrictions on movement, as well as market size increases in certain countries due to pantry loading and increased consumption of household cleaning and personal health and hygiene products by consumers. other macro-economic factors also remain dynamic, and any causes of market size contraction, such as reduced gdp in commodity-dependent economies, greater political unrest or instability in the middle east, central & eastern europe, certain latin american markets, the hong kong market in greater china and the korean peninsula and economic uncertainty related to the united kingdom's exit from the european union, could reduce our sales or erode our operating margin, in either case reducing our net earnings and cash flows.
changes in costs. our costs are subject to fluctuations, particularly due to changes in commodity prices, transportation costs and our own productivity efforts. we have significant exposures to certain commodities, in particular certain oil-derived materials like resins and paper-based materials like pulp, and volatility in the market price of these commodity input materials has a direct impact on our costs. disruptions in our manufacturing, supply and distribution operations due to the covid-19 pandemic may also impact our costs. if we are unable to manage these impacts through pricing actions, cost savings projects and sourcing decisions, as well as through consistent productivity improvements, it may adversely impact our gross margin, operating margin, net earnings and cash flows. sales could also be adversely impacted following pricing actions if there is a negative impact on consumption of our products. we strive to implement, achieve and sustain cost improvement plans, including outsourcing projects, supply chain optimization and general overhead and workforce optimization. as discussed later in the md&a, in 2012 we initiated overhead and supply chain cost improvement projects. in fiscal 2017, we communicated specific elements of an additional multi-year cost reduction program which is resulting in targeted enrollment reductions and other savings. if we are not successful in executing and sustaining these changes, there could be a negative impact on our gross margin, operating margin, net earnings and cash flows.
foreign exchange. we have both translation and transaction exposure to the fluctuation of exchange rates. translation exposures relate to exchange rate impacts of measuring income statements of foreign subsidiaries that do not use the u.s. dollar as their functional currency. transaction exposures relate to 1) the impact from input costs that are denominated in a currency other than the local reporting currency and 2) the revaluation of transaction-related working capital balances denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. in four of the past five years, including fiscal 2020, the u.s. dollar has strengthened versus a number of foreign currencies, leading to lower sales and earnings from these foreign exchange impacts. certain countries experiencing significant exchange rate fluctuations, like argentina, brazil, greater china, turkey and the united kingdom have had, and could continue to have, a significant impact on our sales, costs and net earnings. increased pricing in response to certain fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may offset portions of the currency impacts but could also have a negative impact on consumption of our products, which would affect our sales, gross margin, operating margin, net earnings and cash flows.
government policies. our net earnings could be affected by changes in u.s. or foreign government tax policies, for example, the u.s. tax act, and the current work being led by the oecd for the g20 focused on "addressing the challenges of the digitalization of the economy." the breadth of this project extends beyond pure digital businesses and is likely to impact all multinational businesses by redefining jurisdictional taxation rights. further, our sales, net earnings and cash flows may be impacted by u.s. and foreign government policies to manage the covid-19 pandemic, such as movement restrictions or site closures. additionally, we attempt to carefully manage our debt, currency and other exposures in certain countries with currency exchange, import authorization and pricing controls, such as nigeria, algeria, egypt, argentina and turkey. further, our sales, net earnings and cash flows could be affected by changes to international trade agreements in north america and elsewhere, including increases of import tariffs, both currently effective and future potential changes. changes in government policies in these areas might cause an increase or decrease in our sales, gross margin, operating margin, net earnings and cash flows.
covid-19 pandemic disclosures the company's priorities during the covid-19 pandemic are protecting the health and safety of our employees; maximizing the availability of products that help consumers with their health, hygiene and cleaning needs; and using our employees' talents and our resources to help society meet and overcome the current challenges. because the company sells products that are essential to the daily lives of consumers, the covid-19 pandemic has not had a material net impact to our consolidated sales, net earnings and cash flows in the current year. however, the pandemic has had offsetting impacts during the period. for example, during the second half of fiscal 2020 we experienced a significant increase in demand and consumption of certain of our product categories (health, hygiene and home cleaning products) primarily in north america, caused in part by changing consumer habits and pantry stocking, due to the covid-19 pandemic, contributing to increases in sales, net earnings and cash flows. at the same time, we experienced a decrease in sales due to the economic slowdown and restricted consumer movements in certain regions, including europe, imea, asia pacific and latin america, in certain channels, including travel retail, professional and electronics stores, and in certain of our beauty and grooming products. while we experienced a decrease in sales in greater china during the third quarter of fiscal 2020, demand recovered in the fourth quarter as restrictions on consumer movement were relaxed. in the future, the pandemic may cause reduced demand for our products if it results in a recessionary global economic environment. demand in certain of our enterprise markets, including certain countries in latin america, asia pacific, and imea may be particularly susceptible to recession. it could also lead to volatility in consumer access to our products due to government actions impacting our ability to produce and ship products or impacting consumers' movements and access to our products. we believe that over the long term, there will continue to be strong demand for categories in which we operate, particularly our products that deliver essential health, hygiene and cleaning benefits. however, the timing and extent of demand recovery in markets such as greater china and japan, the resumption of international travel, the timing and impact of potential consumer pantry destocking in markets including north america and europe, and product demand volatility caused by future economic trends are unclear. accordingly, there may be heightened volatility in sales, net earnings and cash flows during and subsequent to the duration of the pandemic. our retail customers are also being impacted by the pandemic. their success in addressing the issues and maintaining their operations could impact consumer access to, and as a result, sales of our products.
our ability to continue to operate without any significant negative impacts will in part depend on our ability to protect our employees and our supply chain. the company has endeavored to follow actions recommended by governments and health authorities to protect our employees world-wide, with particular measures in place for those working in our plants and distribution facilities. we have also worked closely with local and national officials to keep our manufacturing facilities open due to the essential nature of the majority our products. we were able to broadly maintain our operations in the current fiscal year, but we have experienced some disruption in our supply chain in certain enterprise markets due primarily to the restriction of employee movements as well as increased transportation and manufacturing costs. we intend to continue to work with government authorities and implement our employee safety measures to ensure that we are able to continue manufacturing and distributing our products during the pandemic. however, uncertainty resulting from the pandemic could result in an unforeseen disruption to our supply chain (for example a closure of a key manufacturing or distribution facility or the inability of a key material or transportation supplier to source and transport materials) that could impact our operations.
because the pandemic has not had a material negative impact on our operations or demand for our products and resulting sales and net earnings, it has also not negatively impacted the company's liquidity position. we continue to generate operating cash flows to meet our short-term liquidity needs, and we expect to maintain access to the capital markets enabled by our strong short- and long-term credit ratings. we have also not observed any material impairments of our assets or a significant change in the fair value of assets due to the covid-19 pandemic.
for additional information on risk factors that could impact our results, please refer to "risk factors" in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k.
18 the procter & gamble company results of operations the key metrics included in the discussion of our consolidated results of operations include net sales, gross margin, selling, general and administrative costs (sg&a), other non-operating items and income taxes. the primary factors driving year-over-year changes in net sales include overall market growth in the categories in which we compete, product initiatives, competitive activities (the level of initiatives, pricing and other activities by competitors), marketing spending, retail executions (both in-store and online), and acquisition and divestiture activity, all of which drive changes in our underlying unit volume, as well as our pricing actions (which can also impact volume), changes in product and geographic mix and foreign currency impacts on sales outside the u.s.
most of our cost of products sold and sg&a are to some extent variable in nature. accordingly, our discussion of these operating costs focuses primarily on relative margins rather than the absolute year-over-year changes in total costs. the primary drivers of changes in gross margin are input costs (energy and other commodities), pricing impacts, geographic mix (for example, gross margins in north america are generally higher than the company average for similar products), product mix (for example, the beauty segment has higher gross margins than the company average), foreign exchange rate fluctuations (in situations where certain input costs may be tied to a different functional currency than the underlying sales), the impacts of manufacturing savings projects and reinvestments (for example, product or package improvements) and to a lesser extent scale impacts (for costs that are fixed or less variable in nature). the primary components of sg&a are marketing-related costs and non-manufacturing overhead costs. marketing-related costs are primarily variable in nature, although we may achieve some level of scale benefit over time due to overall growth and other marketing efficiencies. while overhead costs are variable to some extent, we generally experience more scale-related impacts for these costs due to our ability to leverage our organization and systems' infrastructures to support business growth.
for a detailed discussion of the fiscal 2019 year over year changes, please refer to the md&a in part ii, item 7 of the company's form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019.
net sales net sales increased 5% to $71.0 billion in fiscal 2020 on a 4% increase in unit volume versus the prior year. volume increased double digits in health care, increased mid-single digits in fabric & home care and increased low single digits in beauty and baby, feminine & family care. volume decreased low single digits in grooming. excluding the impacts of acquisitions and divestitures, including the merck otc acquisition, organic volume increased mid-single digits in health care and increased high single digits in fabric & home care.
on a regional basis, volume increased high single digits in north america and increased low single digits in greater china, europe, asia pacific and latin america driven by innovation, market growth and increased demand, particularly in household cleaning and personal health and hygiene products in the second half of the fiscal year, driven in part by increased consumption and pantry loading due to the covid-19 pandemic. volume decreased low single digits in imea as growth in the first half of the year was more than offset by market contraction in the second half of the fiscal year driven by economic slowdown resulting from the covid-19 pandemic. unfavorable foreign exchange reduced net sales by 2%. increased pricing had a positive 1% impact on net sales. mix had a positive 1% impact on net sales driven by the disproportionate organic growth of the personal health care and home care categories and the north america region, all of which have higher than company average selling prices. organic sales grew 6% on a 4% increase in organic volume.
operating costs comparisons as a percentage of net sales; years ended june 30               2020               2019                  basis point change gross margin                                                            50.3   %           48.6   %                        170
earnings before income taxes                                            22.3   %            9.0   %                      1,330
gross margin increased 170 basis points to 50.3% of net sales in fiscal 2020. gross margin benefited from:
•150 basis points from total manufacturing cost savings (130 basis points net of product and packaging reinvestments),
•90 basis points from lower commodity costs and
•60 basis points of positive pricing impacts.
growth of the fabric & home care segment which has lower than company average gross margin and mix within segments due to the growth of lower margin product forms and larger sizes in certain categories), a 20 basis-point negative impact from unfavorable foreign exchange and 20 basis points of other impacts.
total sg&a increased 5% to $20.0 billion, primarily due to increases in marketing spending and, to a lesser extent, increases in other net operating expenses and overhead costs. sg&a as a percentage of net sales was unchanged at 28.2%. an increase in marketing spending and other net operating expenses as a percentage of net sales was offset by a decrease in overhead costs as a percentage of net sales.
•marketing spending as a percentage of net sales increased 10 basis points due to investments in media and other marketing spending, partially offset by the positive scale impacts of the net sales increase and savings in agency compensation, production costs and advertising spending.
•overhead costs as a percentage of net sales decreased 40 basis points due to the positive scale impacts of the net sales increase and productivity savings, partially offset by inflation and other cost increases.
operating margin increased 1,400 basis points to 22.1% for fiscal 2020. 1,230 basis points of this increase is due to the shave care impairment charge in the base period. the remaining increase is due to the increase in gross margin as discussed above.
non-operating items
•interest income was $155 million in fiscal 2020, a reduction of $65 million versus the prior year due to a reduction in average cash and investment securities balances and a reduction in u.s. interest rates.
•other non-operating income, which consists primarily of divestiture gains and other non-operating items decreased $433 million to $438 million, primarily due to the base period gains from brand divestitures including a $355 million before-tax gain from the dissolution of the pgt healthcare partnership.
•a 1,750 basis-point reduction due to the prior year impact of the shave care impairment charge as there was no tax benefit related to the goodwill portion of the charge and
•a 135 basis-point current year reduction from a tax benefit arising from transactions to simplify our legal entity structure.
•a 60 basis-point increase from unfavorable impacts from geographic mix of current year earnings, caused primarily by disproportionately higher sales and earnings in the u.s.,
•a 30 basis-point increase from current year unfavorable discrete impacts related to uncertain tax positions (15 basis-point increase in the current year rate versus a 15 basis-point decrease in the prior year rate) and
•a 5 basis-point increase from lower excess tax benefits of share-based compensation (155 basis-point reduction in the current year versus 160 basis-point reduction in the prior year).
net earnings operating income increased 186% or $10.2 billion to $15.7 billion. $8.3 billion of the increase was due to the base period charge for the shave care impairment. the remaining $1.9 billion increase was due to the net sales increase and the increase in gross margin partially offset by the increase in sg&a, all of which are discussed above.
earnings before income taxes increased 161% or $9.8 billion to $15.8 billion, as the increase in operating income discussed above was partially offset by the base period gains from the dissolution of the pgt healthcare partnership and other minor brand divestitures. net earnings increased 230% or $9.1 billion to $13.1 billion due to the increase in operating income and the reduction in effective income taxes rates discussed above. foreign exchange impacts reduced net earnings by approximately $390 million in fiscal 2020 due to weakening of certain currencies against the u.s. dollar, including those in argentina, brazil, china, turkey and the united kingdom. this impact includes both transactional charges and translational impacts from converting earnings from foreign subsidiaries to u.s. dollars.
core eps increased 13% to $5.12. core eps represents diluted net eps from continuing operations, excluding the base year charge for the shave care impairment, the base year gain on the dissolution of the pgt healthcare partnership and incremental restructuring charges in both years related to our productivity and cost savings plans. the increase was primarily driven by the increase in net sales and the increase in operating margin discussed previously.
20 the procter & gamble company segment results segment results reflect information on the same basis we use for internal management reporting and performance evaluation. the results of these reportable segments do not include certain non-business unit specific costs. these costs, including the shave care impairment in fiscal 2019, are reported in our corporate segment and are included as part of our corporate segment discussion. additionally, we apply blended statutory tax rates in the segments. eliminations to adjust segment results to arrive at our consolidated effective tax rate are included in corporate. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on items included in the corporate segment.
net sales change drivers 2020 vs. 2019 (1)
volume with acquisitions &amp; divestitures                     volume excluding acquisitions &amp; divestitures                    foreign exchange                   price                     mix               other (2)                          net sales growth beauty                                                               3                %                                                 2                  %                         (2)       %                   2   %                   1   %               -           %                             4       %
(1)net sales percentage changes are approximations based on quantitative formulas that are consistently applied.
(2)other includes the sales mix impact from acquisitions and divestitures and rounding impacts necessary to reconcile volume to net sales.
($ millions)                 2020                    2019         change vs. 2019
% of net sales              20.5%                   20.4%                  10 bps beauty net sales increased 4% to $13.4 billion in fiscal 2020 on a 3% increase in unit volume. unfavorable foreign exchange impacts reduced net sales by 2%. higher pricing increased net sales by 2%. favorable product mix added 1% to net sales due to the disproportionate growth of the skin and personal care category, including the olay skin care brand, which has higher than segment average selling prices. organic sales increased 5% on a 2% increase in organic volume. global market share of the beauty segment increased 0.2 points. volume increased mid-single digits in north america, europe and asia pacific and increased low single digits in greater china and latin america. volume decreased high single digits in imea.
•volume in hair care increased low single digits. volume increased mid-single digits in europe and asia pacific and increased low single digits in north america and latin america due to product innovation and market growth. volume decreased double digits in imea and decreased low single digits in greater china due to the economic slowdown caused by the covid-19 pandemic in the second half of the fiscal year and market declines in certain countries. global market share of the hair care category was unchanged.
•volume in skin and personal care increased mid-single digits. volume increased double digits in greater china, increased mid-single digits in north america, and increased low single digits in europe and asia pacific due to premium innovation, increased marketing spending and market growth, partially offset by a volume decrease in the sk-ii brand and a mid-single digits decline in imea due to the covid-19 pandemic related travel restrictions. global market share of the skin and personal care category increased nearly half a point.
net earnings increased 4% to $2.7 billion in fiscal 2020 due to the increase in net sales and a 10 basis-point increase in net earnings margin. net earnings margin increased due to a decrease in sg&a as a percentage of net sales, partially offset by a decrease in gross margin and an increase in the effective tax rate. the gross margin decrease was mainly driven by the negative impacts of unfavorable mix (due to the decline of the super-premium sk-ii brand, driven by the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, and the disproportionate growth of large sizes) and other hurts related to new manufacturing startup costs partially offset by increased selling prices. sg&a as a percentage of net sales decreased due to the positive scale impacts of the net sales increase and a reduction in marketing spending due to productivity savings. the increase in the effective tax rate was driven by the unfavorable geographic mix of earnings.
($ millions)                 2020                    2019         change vs. 2019
grooming net sales decreased 2% to $6.1 billion in fiscal 2020 on a 1% decrease in unit volume. unfavorable foreign exchange impacts reduced net sales by 3%. increased pricing had a 2% positive impact to net sales. organic sales increased 1%. global market share of the grooming segment decreased 0.2 points. volume increased mid-single digits in asia pacific and was unchanged in europe and latin america. volume decreased low single digits in north america and greater china and decreased mid-single digits in imea.
•shave care volume decreased low single digits. volume decreased mid-single digits in imea and decreased low single digits in north america and europe due to market decline and reduced shaving incidents resulting from the covid-19 pandemic and competitive activity. this was partially offset by a mid-single digit volume increase in asia pacific due to innovation. global market share of the shave care category was unchanged.
•appliances volume increased low single digits. volume increased mid-teens in north america and mid-single digits in europe due to innovation and increased consumption of at-home styling products due to pandemic related movement restrictions. volume decreased double digits in asia pacific, decreased high single digits in greater china and decreased low single digits in imea due to market contraction, competitive activity and the economic slowdown caused by the covid-19 pandemic. global market share of the appliances category increased more than a point.
net earnings decreased 13% to $1.3 billion in fiscal 2020 due to the decrease in net sales and a 280 basis-point decrease in net earnings margin. the net earnings margin decreased due to an increase in sg&a as a percentage of net sales, an increase in the effective tax rate and a decrease in gross margin. gross margin decreased due to the negative impact of unfavorable mix (due to the disproportionate growth of disposable razors, styling appliances and the asia pacific region all of which have lower than segment average margins) partially offset by the positive impacts of manufacturing cost savings and increased selling prices. sg&a as a percentage of net sales increased primarily due to a base period gain on the sale of operating real estate partially offset by current period reductions in overhead costs and marketing spending due to productivity savings. the increase in the effective tax rate was primarily due to a base period benefit from the favorable adjustments to reserves for uncertain tax positions.
($ millions)                 2020                    2019         change vs. 2019
% of net sales              18.3%                   18.5%                (20) bps health care net sales increased 10% to $9.0 billion in fiscal 2020 on a 10% increase in unit volume. unfavorable foreign exchange impacts reduced net sales by 2%. increased pricing had a 1% positive impact to net sales. favorable mix increased net sales by 1% due to the disproportionate organic growth of the personal health care category which has higher than segment average selling prices. excluding the net impacts of the merck otc consumer healthcare acquisition and minor brand divestitures, organic sales increased 7% on a 5% increase in organic volume. global market share of the health care segment increased 0.4 points. volume increased more than 20% in imea, increased double digits in latin america and europe, increased high single digits in asia pacific and increased mid-single digits in north america. excluding the net impacts of the merck otc consumer healthcare acquisition and minor brand divestitures, organic volume increased high single digits in imea, increased mid-single digits in latin america and increased low single digits in europe and asia pacific.
•oral care volume increased low single digits. volume increased double digits in imea, increased mid-single digits in latin america and increased low single digits in north america and asia pacific due to product innovation and market growth. this growth was partially offset by low single digits volume decreases in europe and greater china due to competitive activities and the covid-19 pandemic related economic slowdown and electronics stores closures. excluding the impact of minor brand divestitures, organic volume increased low single digits in europe. global market share of the oral care category increased less than half a point.
•volume in personal health care increased over 20%. excluding the impacts of the merck otc consumer healthcare acquisition, organic volume increased double digits. organic volume increased mid-teens in north america and europe and increased mid-single digits in imea due to product innovation, increased marketing spending and increased consumption and retailer inventory increases in certain markets driven by the covid-19 pandemic. this was partially offset by a low single digit volume decrease in asia pacific and latin america due to devaluation related price increases and the covid-19 related economic slowdown. global market share of the personal health care category increased nearly a point.
net earnings increased 9% to $1.7 billion in fiscal 2020 due to the increase in net sales partially offset by a 20 basis-point decrease in net earnings margin. the net earnings margin decreased due to an increase in sg&a as a percentage of net sales and a reduction in non-operating income, partially offset by an increase in gross margin. gross margin increased due to manufacturing cost savings and increased selling prices partially offset by unfavorable mix impact (from the disproportionate growth of certain products and certain markets in imea both of which have lower than segment-average margins). sg&a as a percentage of net
22 the procter & gamble company sales increased due to an increase in overhead costs and other operating expenses primarily caused by the merck otc consumer healthcare acquisition, partially offset by the positive scale impacts of the net sales increase. non-operating income declined due to a base period gain from minor brand divestitures.
($ millions)                 2020                    2019         change vs. 2019
% of net sales              17.5%                   15.9%                 160 bps fabric & home care net sales increased 7% to $23.7 billion in fiscal 2020 on a 6% increase in unit volume. unfavorable foreign exchange impacts reduced net sales by 1%. higher pricing increased net sales by 1%. positive mix impacts increased net sales by 1% due to the disproportionate growth of the home care category and the north america region, both of which have higher than segment average selling prices. organic sales increased 9% on a 7% increase in organic volume. global market share of the fabric & home care segment increased 0.7 points. volume increased double digits in north america, increased high single digits in latin america, increased mid-single digits in greater china and europe and increased low single digits in asia pacific. volume decreased low single digits in imea.
•fabric care volume increased mid-single digits. volume grew double digits in north america and latin america, grew mid-single digits in greater china and grew low single digits in europe. volume growth was driven by product innovation and to a lesser extent the consumption increase and pantry loading driven by the covid-19 pandemic. this growth was partially offset by a low single digit volume decrease in imea due to the covid-19 pandemic related economic slowdown. volume in asia pacific was unchanged. global market share of the fabric care category increased a point.
•home care volume increased double digits. volume increased in all regions led by double digit growth in north america and europe, high single digits growth in asia pacific, mid-single digits growth in latin america and low single digits growth in imea. the volume growth was driven by product innovation as well as the consumption increase and pantry loading driven by the covid-19 pandemic. global market share of the home care category increased more than half a point.
net earnings increased 18% to $4.2 billion in fiscal 2020 due to the increase in net sales and a 160 basis-point increase in net earnings margin. the net earnings margin increased due to an increase in gross margin partially offset by an increase in the effective tax rate. the gross margin increase was driven by manufacturing cost savings and a reduction in commodity costs, partially offset by unfavorable product mix (due to the disproportionate growth of premium innovation that has not yet been cost optimized). sg&a as a percentage of net sales was unchanged as an increase in marketing spending was offset by the positive scale benefits of increased net sales on overhead costs. the increase in the effective tax rate was driven by the unfavorable geographical mix of earnings.
($ millions)                 2020                    2019         change vs. 2019
% of net sales              18.9%                   15.4%                 350 bps baby, feminine & family care net sales increased 3% to $18.4 billion in fiscal 2020 on a 3% increase in unit volume. unfavorable foreign exchange impacts reduced net sales by 2%. increased pricing was a positive 1% impact to net sales. positive mix impact increased net sales by 1% due to the disproportionate growth of the north america region which has higher than segment average selling prices. organic sales increased 4%. global market share of the baby, feminine & family care segment decreased 0.3 points. volume increased high single digits in north america and was unchanged in asia pacific. volume decreased high single digits in latin america, decreased mid-single digits in imea and decreased low single digits in greater china and europe.
•baby care volume decreased mid-single digits. volume decreased double digits in latin america, decreased high single digits in imea, decreased mid-single digits in europe and decreased low single digits in greater china and asia pacific due to competitive activity, devaluation related price increases, category contraction in certain markets (partly due to declining birth rates in china) and to a lesser extent the economic slowdown caused by the covid-19 pandemic. this was partially offset by a low single digit volume increase in north america driven by market growth and product innovation. global market share of the baby care category decreased more than a point.
•feminine care volume increased low single digits. volume growth was led by a double digit increase in asia pacific due to a new launch in the adult incontinence category in japan, as well as high single digits growth in north america, mid-single digits growth in europe and low single digits growth in greater china and latin america, all due to product innovation, increased marketing spending, adult incontinence category growth and to a lesser extent the increased consumption and pantry loading related to the covid-19 pandemic in certain markets. excluding the impact of a minor brand acquisition, volume in north america increased mid-single digits. this was partially offset by a low single digit volume decrease in imea due to the economic slowdown caused by the covid-19 pandemic. global market share of the feminine care category increased nearly a point.
•volume in family care, which is predominantly a north american business, increased high single digits driven by the covid-19 pandemic related market growth, consumption increase and pantry loading, product innovation, increased marketing spending and market growth. in the u.s., all-outlet share of the family care category decreased more than half a point.
net earnings in fiscal 2020 increased 27% to $3.5 billion due to the increase in net sales and a 350 basis-point increase in net earnings margin. net earnings margin increased primarily due to an increase in gross margin, partially offset by an increase in the effective tax rate and a marginal increase in sg&a as a percentage of net sales. the gross margin increase was driven by manufacturing cost savings, a reduction in commodity costs and higher selling prices partially offset by unfavorable product mix (due to the disproportionate growth of large sizes and product forms with lower than segment average margins). sg&a as a percentage of net sales increased marginally due primarily to an increase in marketing spending, partially offset by a reduction in overhead costs driven by productivity savings and the positive scale benefits of the net sales increase. the increase in the effective tax rate was driven by an unfavorable geographic mix of earnings.
($ millions)                       2020                    2019   change vs. 2019
net earnings/(loss)              $(234)                $(7,971)   n/a corporate includes certain operating and non-operating activities not allocated to specific business segments. these include: the incidental businesses managed at the corporate level; financing and investing activities; certain employee benefit costs; other general corporate items; gains and losses related to certain divested brands and categories; certain asset impairment charges; and certain restructuring-type activities to maintain a competitive cost structure, including manufacturing and workforce optimization. corporate also includes reconciling items to adjust the accounting policies used in the segments to u.s. gaap. the most significant ongoing reconciling item is income taxes, to adjust from blended statutory rates that are reflected in the segments to the overall company effective tax rate.
corporate net sales decreased 18% to $395 million in fiscal 2020 due to a decrease in the net sales of the incidental businesses managed at the corporate level. corporate net loss decreased by $7.7 billion in fiscal 2020 primarily due to the $8.0 billion after tax ($8.3 billion before tax) base period charge for the shave care impairment, partially offset by higher base period divestiture gains (primarily driven by gain on the dissolution of the pgt healthcare partnership).
restructuring program to deliver productivity and cost savings in fiscal 2012, the company initiated a productivity and cost savings plan to reduce costs and better leverage scale in the areas of supply chain, research and development, marketing and overheads. the plan was designed to accelerate cost reductions by streamlining management decision making, manufacturing and other work processes to both fund the company's growth strategy and increase the company's operating margin. in fiscal 2017, the company communicated specific elements of an additional multi-year productivity and cost savings program.
the current productivity and cost savings plan is further reducing costs in the areas of supply chain, certain marketing activities and overhead expenses. as part of this plan, the company incurred approximately $1.5 billion in total before- tax restructuring costs across 2019 and 2020. in fiscal 2021 and onwards, the company expects to incur restructuring costs within the range of our historical ongoing level of $250 to $500 million annually. savings generated from the company's restructuring program are difficult to estimate, given the nature of the activities, the timing of the execution and the degree of reinvestment. however, we estimate that through 2020, the underlying restructuring costs incurred since 2012 (approximately $8.2 billion), along with other non-manufacturing enrollment reductions since 2012 have delivered approximately $3.7 billion in annual before-tax gross savings.
restructuring accruals of $472 million as of june 30, 2020 are classified as current liabilities. approximately 52% of the restructuring charges incurred in fiscal 2020 either have been or will be settled with cash. consistent with our historical policies for ongoing restructuring-type activities, the resulting charges are funded by and included within corporate for segment reporting.
in addition to our restructuring programs, we have additional ongoing savings efforts in our supply chain, marketing and overhead areas that yield additional benefits to our operating margins.
refer to note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for more details on the restructuring program and to the operating costs section of the md&a for more information about the total benefit to operating margins from our total savings efforts.
cash flow, financial condition and liquidity we believe our financial condition continues to be of high quality, as evidenced by our ability to generate substantial cash from operations and to readily access capital markets at competitive rates.
operating cash flow provides the primary source of cash to fund operating needs and capital expenditures. excess operating cash is used first to fund shareholder dividends. other discretionary uses include share repurchases and acquisitions to complement our portfolio of businesses, brands and geographies. as necessary, we may supplement operating cash flow with debt to fund these activities. the overall cash position of the company reflects our strong business results and a global cash management strategy that takes into account liquidity management, economic factors and tax considerations.
24 the procter & gamble company operating cash flow operating cash flow was $17.4 billion in 2020, a 14% increase from the prior year. net earnings, adjusted for non-cash items (depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation and deferred income taxes) generated approximately $16.1 billion of operating cash flow. working capital and other impacts generated $1.3 billion of operating cash flow as summarized below.
•a decrease in accounts receivable generated $634 million of cash primarily due to the timing of the end of the fiscal year (which fell on a tuesday versus sunday in the prior year end, resulting in additional collection days in the current year) and lower relative sales at the end of the period in certain markets driven by covid-19. the number of days sales outstanding decreased approximately 5 days versus prior year.
•higher inventory used $637 million of cash mainly due to inventory increases to support initiatives, business growth across all segments and to replenish stocks in certain categories depleted by the covid-19 pandemic related demand increases. inventory days on hand increased approximately 4 days primarily due to initiative support and inventory replenishment.
•accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities increased, generating $1.9 billion of cash. approximately $700 million of this was driven by extended payment terms with our suppliers (see extended payment terms and supply chain financing below). the remaining amount was driven by higher payables from increased manufacturing activity due to the pandemic related demand increases, an increase in marketing spending in the fourth quarter versus the prior year and increases in taxes payable related to the merck integration. days payable outstanding increased approximately 4 days to 81 days as of june 30, 2020 due to the above.
•other net operating assets and liabilities declined, using $710 million of cash, primarily driven by the payment of the current year portion of taxes due related to the u.s. tax act repatriation charge ($215 million) and pension related accruals and contributions.
adjusted free cash flow. we view adjusted free cash flow as an important non-gaap measure because it is a factor impacting the amount of cash available for dividends, share repurchases, acquisitions and other discretionary investments. it is defined as operating cash flow less capital expenditures and excluding payments for the transitional tax resulting from the u.s. tax act and tax payments related to the merck acquisition. adjusted free cash flow is one of the measures used to evaluate senior management and determine their at-risk compensation.
adjusted free cash flow was $14.9 billion in 2020, an increase of 23% versus the prior year. the increase was primarily driven by the increase in operating cash flows as discussed above. adjusted free cash flow productivity, defined as the ratio of adjusted free cash flow to net earnings, was 114% in 2020.
extended payment terms and supply chain financing. beginning in fiscal 2014, in response to evolving market practices, the company began a program to negotiate extended payment terms with its suppliers. at about the same time, the company initiated a supply chain finance program (scf) with several global financial institutions (scf banks). under the scf, qualifying suppliers may elect to sell their receivables from the company to an scf bank. these participating suppliers negotiate their receivables sales arrangements directly with the respective scf bank. while the company is not party to those agreements, the scf banks allow the participating suppliers to utilize the company's creditworthiness in establishing credit spreads and associated costs. this generally provides the suppliers with more favorable terms than they would be able to secure on their own. the company has no economic interest in a supplier's decision to sell a receivable. once a qualifying supplier elects to participate in the scf and reaches an agreement with an scf bank, the supplier elects which individual company invoices they sell to the scf bank. however, all the company's payments to participating suppliers are paid to the scf bank on the invoice due date, regardless of whether the individual invoice is sold by the supplier to the scf bank. the scf bank pays the supplier on the invoice due date for any invoices that were not previously sold by the supplier to the scf bank.
the terms of the company's payment obligation are not impacted by a supplier's participation in the scf. our payment terms with our suppliers for similar materials within individual markets are consistent between suppliers that elect to participate in the scf and those that do not participate. accordingly, our average days outstanding are not significantly impacted by the portion of suppliers or related input costs that are included in the scf. in addition, the scf is available to both material suppliers, where the underlying costs are largely included in cost of goods sold, and to service suppliers, where the underlying costs are largely included in sg&a. as of june 30, 2020, approximately 3% of our global suppliers have elected to participate in the scf. payments to those suppliers during 2020 total approximately $13 billion, which equals approximately 24% of our total cost of goods sold and sg&a for the period. for participating suppliers, we believe substantially all of their receivables with the company are sold to the scf banks. accordingly, we would expect that at each balance sheet date, a similar proportion of amounts originally due to suppliers would instead be payable to scf banks. all outstanding amounts related to suppliers participating in the scf are recorded within accounts payable in our consolidated balance sheets, and the associated payments are included in operating activities within our consolidated statements of cash flows. as of both june 30, 2020 and 2019, the amount due to suppliers participating in the scf and included in accounts payable were approximately $4 billion.
although difficult to project due to market and other dynamics, we anticipate incremental cash flow benefits from the extended payment terms with suppliers could increase at the procter & gamble company 25
a slower rate in fiscal 2021. future changes in our suppliers' financing policies or economic developments, such as changes in interest rates, general market liquidity or the company's creditworthiness relative to participating suppliers could impact suppliers' participation in the scf and/or our ability to negotiate extended payment terms with our suppliers. however, any such impacts are difficult to predict.
investing cash flow net investing activities generated $3.0 billion in cash in 2020, mainly due to proceeds from sales and maturities of investment securities, partially offset by capital spending. net investing activities consumed $3.5 billion in cash in 2019, mainly due to capital spending and business acquisitions, partially offset by proceeds from sales and maturities of short-term investments.
capital spending. capital expenditures, primarily to support capacity expansion, innovation and cost efficiencies, were $3.1 billion in 2020 and $3.3 billion in 2019. capital spending as a percentage of net sales decreased 60 basis points to 4.3% in 2020.
acquisitions. acquisition activity used cash of $58 million in 2020, primarily related to final contractual payments from the prior year acquisition of merck otc along with a minor baby care acquisition. acquisition activity used $3.9 billion in 2019, primarily related to the merck otc acquisition.
proceeds from divestitures and other asset sales. proceeds from asset sales were $30 million and $394 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively, primarily from minor brand divestitures in both years and the sale of real estate in 2019.
investment securities. investments generated net cash of $6.2 billion in 2020 and $3.5 billion in 2019 primarily from sales and maturities of investment securities.
financing cash flow net financing activities consumed $8.4 billion of cash in 2020, mainly due to dividends to shareholders and treasury stock purchases, partially offset by a net increase in debt and the impact of stock options. net financing activities consumed $10.0 billion in cash in 2019, mainly due to dividends to shareholders and treasury stock purchases, partially offset by the impact of stock options.
dividend payments. our first discretionary use of cash is dividend payments. dividends per common share increased 5% to $3.0284 per share in 2020. total dividend payments to common and preferred shareholders were $7.8 billion in 2020 and $7.5 billion in 2019. in april 2020, the board of directors declared an increase in our quarterly dividend from $0.7459 to $0.7907 per share on common stock and series a and b esop convertible class a preferred stock. this represents a 6% increase compared to the prior quarterly dividend and is the 64th consecutive year that our dividend has increased. we have paid a dividend for 130 consecutive years, every year since our incorporation in 1890.
long-term and short-term debt. we maintain debt levels we consider appropriate after evaluating a number of factors, including cash flow expectations, cash requirements for ongoing operations, investment and financing plans (including acquisitions and share repurchase activities) and the overall cost of capital. total debt was $34.7 billion as of june 30, 2020 and $30.1 billion as of june 30, 2019. the increase is primarily due to the issuance of bonds generating $5.0 billion of cash.
liquidity at june 30, 2020, our current liabilities exceeded current assets by $5.0 billion largely due to short-term borrowings under our commercial paper program. we anticipate being able to support our short-term liquidity and operating needs largely through cash generated from operations. the company regularly assesses its cash needs and the available sources to fund these needs. as of june 30, 2020, the company did not have material net cash and cash equivalents related to foreign subsidiaries nor related to any country subject to exchange controls that significantly restrict our ability to access or repatriate the funds. under current law, we do not expect restrictions or taxes on repatriation of cash held outside of the u.s. to have a material effect on our overall liquidity, financial condition or the results of operations for the foreseeable future.
we utilize short- and long-term debt to fund discretionary items, such as acquisitions and share repurchases. we have strong short- and long-term debt ratings, which have enabled, and should continue to enable, us to refinance our debt as it becomes due at favorable rates in commercial paper and bond markets. in addition, we have agreements with a diverse group of financial institutions that, if needed, should provide sufficient funding to meet short-term financing requirements.
on june 30, 2020, our short-term credit ratings were p-1 (moody's) and a-1+ (standard & poor's), while our long-term credit ratings were aa3 (moody's) and aa- (standard & poor's), all with a stable outlook.
we maintain bank credit facilities to support our ongoing commercial paper program. the current facility is an $8.0 billion facility split between a $3.2 billion five-year facility and a $4.8 billion 364-day facility, which expire in november 2024 and november 2020, respectively. both facilities can be extended for certain periods of time as specified in the terms of the credit agreement. these facilities are currently undrawn and we anticipate that they will remain undrawn. these credit facilities do not have cross-default or ratings triggers, nor do they have material adverse events clauses, except at the time of signing. in addition to these credit facilities, we have an automatically effective registration statement on form s-3 filed with the sec that is available for registered offerings of short- or long-term debt securities. for additional details on debt see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.
26 the procter & gamble company guarantees and other off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have guarantees or other off-balance sheet financing arrangements, including variable interest entities, which we believe could have a material impact on our financial condition or liquidity.
contractual commitments the following table provides information on the amount and payable date of our contractual commitments as of june 30, 2020.
($ millions)                                               total                 less than 1 year                  1-3 years                  3-5 years                 after 5 years recorded liabilities total debt                                           $34,589                      $11,189                       $5,154                     $5,148                      $13,098
u.s. tax act transitional charge (1)                   2,346                          224                          450                        984                          688
uncertain tax positions (2)                               59                           59                            -                          -                            -
total contractual commitments                        $46,873                      $13,362                       $7,948                     $7,452                      $18,111
(1)represents the u.s. federal tax liability associated with the repatriation provisions of the u.s. tax act. does not include any provisions made for foreign withholding taxes on expected repatriations as the timing of those payments is uncertain.
(2)as of june 30, 2020, the company's consolidated balance sheet reflects a liability for uncertain tax positions of $643 million, including $158 million of interest and penalties. due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash outflows of liabilities for uncertain tax positions beyond one year, a reasonable estimate of the period of cash settlement beyond twelve months from the balance sheet date of june 30, 2020 cannot be made.
(3)represents future pension payments to comply with local funding requirements. these future pension payments assume the company continues to meet its future statutory funding requirements. considering the current economic environment in which the company operates, the company believes its cash flows are adequate to meet the future statutory funding requirements. the projected payments beyond fiscal year 2023 are not currently determinable.
(4)primarily reflects future contractual payments under various take-or-pay arrangements entered into as part of the normal course of business. commitments made under take-or-pay obligations represent minimum commitments under take-or-pay agreements with suppliers and are in line with expected usage. this includes service contracts for information technology, human resources management and facilities management activities that have been outsourced. while the amounts listed represent contractual obligations, we do not believe it is likely that the full contractual amount would be paid if the underlying contracts were canceled prior to maturity. in such cases, we generally are able to negotiate new contracts or cancellation penalties, resulting in a reduced payment. the amounts do not include other contractual purchase obligations that are not take-or-pay arrangements. such contractual purchase obligations are primarily purchase orders at fair value that are part of normal operations and are reflected in historical operating cash flow trends. we do not believe such purchase obligations will adversely affect our liquidity position.
significant accounting policies and estimates in preparing our financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap, there are certain accounting policies that may require a choice between acceptable accounting methods or may require substantial judgment or estimation in their application. these include revenue recognition, income taxes, certain employee benefits and goodwill and intangible assets. we believe these accounting policies, and others set forth in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, should be reviewed as they are integral to understanding the results of operations and financial condition of the company.
the company has discussed the selection of significant accounting policies and the effect of estimates with the audit committee of the company's board of directors.
revenue recognition our revenue is primarily generated from the sale of finished product to customers. those sales predominantly contain a single performance obligation and revenue is recognized at a single point in time when ownership, risks and rewards transfer, which can be on the date of shipment or the date of receipt by the customer. trade promotions, consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances, in-store merchandising funds, advertising and other promotional activities, and consumer coupons, are offered through various programs to customers and consumers.  sales are recorded net of trade promotion spending, which is recognized as incurred at the time of the sale.  amounts accrued for trade promotions at the end of a period require estimation, based on contractual terms, sales volumes and historical utilization and redemption rates.  the actual amounts paid may be different from such estimates.  these differences, which have historically not been significant, are recognized as a change in management estimate in a subsequent period.  the company adopted asu 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606)" on july 1, 2018.  adoption of this standard resulted in a change the procter & gamble company 27
in the timing of recognition of certain trade promotional spending.
income taxes our annual tax rate is determined based on our income, statutory tax rates and the tax impacts of items treated differently for tax purposes than for financial reporting purposes. also inherent in determining our annual tax rate are judgments and assumptions regarding the recoverability of certain deferred tax balances, primarily net operating loss and other carryforwards, and our ability to uphold certain tax positions.
realization of net operating losses and other carryforwards is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods, which involves business plans, planning opportunities and expectations about future outcomes. although realization is not assured, management believes it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances, will be realized.
we operate in multiple jurisdictions with complex tax policy and regulatory environments. in certain of these jurisdictions, we may take tax positions that management believes are supportable, but are potentially subject to successful challenge by the applicable taxing authority. these interpretational differences with the respective governmental taxing authorities can be impacted by the local economic and fiscal environment.
a core operating principle is that our tax structure is based on our business operating model, such that profits are earned in line with the business substance and functions of the various legal entities. however, because of the complexity of transfer pricing concepts, we may have income tax uncertainty related to the determination of intercompany transfer prices for our various cross-border transactions. we have obtained and continue to prioritize the strategy of seeking advance rulings with tax authorities to reduce this uncertainty. we estimate that our current portfolio of advance rulings reduces this uncertainty with respect to over 70% of our global earnings. we evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. we review these tax uncertainties in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, and adjust them accordingly. we have a number of audits in process in various jurisdictions. although the resolution of these tax positions is uncertain, based on currently available information, we believe that the ultimate outcomes will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
because there are a number of estimates and assumptions inherent in calculating the various components of our tax provision, certain changes or future events such as changes in tax legislation, geographic mix of earnings, completion of tax audits or earnings repatriation plans could have an impact on those estimates and our effective tax rate. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details on the company's income taxes.
employee benefits we sponsor various post-employment benefits throughout the world. these include pension plans, both defined contribution plans and defined benefit plans, and other post-employment benefit (opeb) plans, consisting primarily of health care and life insurance for retirees. for accounting purposes, the defined benefit pension and opeb plans require assumptions to estimate the net projected and accumulated benefit obligations, including the following variables: discount rate; expected salary increases; certain employee-related factors, such as turnover, retirement age and mortality; expected return on assets; and health care cost trend rates. these and other assumptions affect the annual expense and net obligations recognized for the underlying plans. our assumptions reflect our historical experiences and management's best judgment regarding future expectations. as permitted by u.s. gaap, the net amount by which actual results differ from our assumptions is deferred. if this net deferred amount exceeds 10% of the greater of plan assets or liabilities, a portion of the deferred amount is included in expense for the following year. the cost or benefit of plan changes, such as increasing or decreasing benefits for prior employee service (prior service cost), is deferred and included in expense on a straight-line basis over the average remaining service period of the employees expected to receive benefits.
the expected return on plan assets assumption impacts our defined benefit expense since many of our defined benefit pension plans and our primary opeb plan are partially funded. the process for setting the expected rates of return is described in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. for 2020, the average return on assets assumptions for pension plan assets and opeb assets was 6.6% and 8.4%, respectively. a change in the rate of return of 100 basis points for both pension and opeb assets would impact annual after-tax benefit/expense by approximately $130 million.
since pension and opeb liabilities are measured on a discounted basis, the discount rate impacts our plan obligations and expenses. discount rates used for our u.s. defined benefit pension and opeb plans are based on a yield curve constructed from a portfolio of high quality bonds for which the timing and amount of cash outflows approximate the estimated payouts of the plan. for our international plans, the discount rates are set by benchmarking against investment grade corporate bonds rated aa or better. the average discount rate on the defined benefit pension plans of 1.5% represents a weighted average of local rates in countries where such plans exist. a 100 basis point change in the discount rate would impact annual after-tax benefit expense by approximately $220 million. the average discount rate on the opeb plan of 3.1% reflects the higher interest rates generally applicable in the u.s., which is where a majority of the plan participants receive benefits. a 100 basis point change in the discount rate would impact annual after-tax opeb expense by approximately $50 million. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for
28 the procter & gamble company additional details on our defined benefit pension and opeb plans.
goodwill and intangible assets significant judgment is required to estimate the fair value of our goodwill reporting units and intangible assets. accordingly, we typically obtain the assistance of third-party valuation specialists for significant goodwill reporting units and intangible assets. the fair value estimates are based on available historical information and on future expectations. we typically estimate the fair value of these assets using the income method, which is based on the present value of estimated future cash flows attributable to the respective assets. the valuations used to establish and to test goodwill and intangible assets for impairment are dependent on a number of significant estimates and assumptions, including macroeconomic conditions, overall category growth rates, competitive activities, cost containment and margin progression, company business plans and the discount rate applied to cash flows.
indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill are not amortized, but are tested at least annually for impairment. our ongoing annual impairment testing for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets occurs during the 3 months ended december 31. assumptions used in our impairment evaluations, such as forecasted growth rates and cost of capital, are consistent with internal projections and operating plans. we believe these estimates and assumptions are reasonable and comparable to those that would be used by other marketplace participants. unanticipated market or macroeconomic events and circumstances may occur, which could affect the accuracy or validity of the estimates and assumptions. for example, future changes in the judgments, assumptions and estimates that are used in our impairment testing for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including discount and tax rates or future cash flow projections, could result in significantly different estimates of the fair values. in addition, changes to, or a failure to achieve business plans or deterioration of macroeconomic conditions could result in reduced cash flows or higher discount rates, leading to a lower valuation that would trigger an impairment of the goodwill and intangible assets of these businesses.
we test individual indefinite-lived intangible assets by comparing the book value of each asset to the estimated fair value. our impairment testing for goodwill is performed separately from our impairment testing of indefinite-lived intangible assets. the test to evaluate goodwill for impairment is a two-step process. in the first step (step one), we compare the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we perform a second step (step two) to determine the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill. the second step of the impairment analysis requires a valuation of a reporting unit's tangible and intangible assets and liabilities in a manner similar to the allocation of purchase price in a business combination. the difference between the step one fair value and the amounts allocated to the assets and liabilities in step two is the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill. if this implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill is less than its carrying value, that difference represents an impairment.
determining the useful life of an intangible asset also requires judgment. certain brand intangible assets are expected to have indefinite lives based on their history and our plans to continue to support and build the acquired brands. other acquired intangible assets (e.g., certain brands, all customer relationships, patents and technologies) are expected to have determinable useful lives. our assessment as to brands that have an indefinite life and those that have a determinable life is based on a number of factors including competitive environment, market share, brand history, underlying product life cycles, operating plans and the macroeconomic environment of the countries in which the brands are sold. determinable-lived intangible assets are amortized to expense over their estimated lives. an impairment assessment for determinable-lived intangibles is only required when an event or change in circumstances indicates that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.
most of our goodwill reporting units are comprised of a combination of legacy and acquired businesses and as a result have fair value cushions that, at a minimum, exceed two times their underlying carrying values. certain of our goodwill reporting units, in particular shave care and appliances, are comprised entirely of acquired businesses and as a result have fair value cushions that are not as high. the appliances wholly-acquired reporting unit has a fair value that significantly exceeds the underlying carrying value.
during fiscal 2019, a non-cash before- and after-tax impairment charge of $6.8 billion was recognized to reduce the carrying amount of goodwill for the shave care reporting unit, and a non-cash, before-tax impairment charge of $1.6 billion ($1.2 billion after-tax) was recognized to reduce the carrying amount of the gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset to its fair value. the underlying reductions in fair values were due in large part to significant currency devaluations in a number of countries relative to the u.s. dollar, a deceleration of category growth caused by changing grooming habits, primarily in the developed markets, and an increased competitive market environment in the u.s. and certain other markets. as a result of the fiscal 2019 impairment determined by the step two testing, the shave care fair value exceeded the carrying value by approximately 20% as of june 30, 2019. because the impairment testing for intangible assets is a one-step process, the gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset fair value approximated its carrying value at that date. during our annual impairment testing during the quarter ended december 31, 2019, we reduced the discount rate used in the valuation based on developments in the macroeconomic environment. as a result of this change and updates to other underlying cash flow projections, the shave care fair value exceeded the carrying value by more than 20% and the the procter & gamble company 29
gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset fair value exceeded the carrying value by approximately 5%.
the most significant assumptions utilized in the determination of the estimated fair values of the shave care reporting unit and the gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset are the net sales and earnings growth rates (including residual growth rates) and discount rate. the residual growth rate represents the expected rate at which the reporting unit and gillette brand are expected to grow beyond the shorter-term business planning period. the residual growth rate utilized in our fair value estimates is consistent with the reporting unit and brand operating plans and approximates expected long-term category market growth rates. the residual growth rate is dependent on overall market growth rates, the competitive environment, inflation, relative currency exchange rates and business activities that impact market share. as a result, the residual growth rate could be adversely impacted by a sustained deceleration in category growth, grooming habit changes, devaluation of currencies against the u.s. dollar or an increased competitive environment. the discount rate, which is consistent with a weighted average cost of capital that is likely to be expected by a market participant, is based upon industry required rates of return, including consideration of both debt and equity components of the capital structure. our discount rate may be impacted by adverse changes in the macroeconomic environment, volatility in the equity and debt markets or other country specific factors, such as further devaluation of currencies against the u.s. dollar. spot rates as of the fair value measurement date are utilized in our fair value estimates for cash flows outside the u.s.
while management can and has implemented strategies to address these events, changes in operating plans or adverse changes in the future could reduce the underlying cash flows used to estimate fair values and could result in a decline in fair value that would trigger future impairment charges of the shave care reporting unit's goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles. as of june 30, 2020, the carrying values of the shave care goodwill and the gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset were $12.5 billion and $14.1 billion, respectively.
the covid-19 pandemic that occurred during the second half of fiscal 2020 resulted in a reduction in shave incidents by consumers and a weakening of certain currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, which led to a reduction in net sales for gillette-branded products. this resulted in a triggering event for the gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset, which caused us to perform an additional impairment assessment for that asset as of june 30, 2020. that assessment indicated that the fair value of the gillette trade name approximated its carrying value. accordingly, no impairment charge was recorded during the year ended june 30, 2020.
the duration and severity of the pandemic could result in additional future impairment charges for the shave care reporting unit goodwill and the gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset. our june 30, 2020 impairment assessment of the gillette intangible asset assumes the pandemic's impact on net sales will begin to abate during the first half of fiscal 2021 and be largely eliminated by the second half of the fiscal year. there is an extreme level of uncertainty relating to how the pandemic will evolve and how governments and consumers will react. accordingly, there is a significant amount of uncertainty related to this key assumption. a more prolonged pandemic could impact the results of operations due to changes to assumptions utilized in the determination of the estimated fair values of shave care reporting unit and the gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset that are significant enough to trigger an impairment. net sales and earnings growth rates could be negatively impacted by more prolonged reductions or changes in demand for our shave care products, which may be caused by, among other things: the temporary inability of consumers to purchase our products due to illness, quarantine or other travel restrictions, financial hardship, changes in the use and frequency of grooming products or by shifts in demand away from one or more of our higher priced products to lower priced products. in addition, relative global and country/regional macroeconomic factors could result in additional and prolonged devaluation of other countries' currencies relative to the u.s. dollar. finally, the discount rate utilized in our valuation model could be impacted by changes in the underlying interest rates and risk premiums included in the determination of the cost of capital.
the table below provides a sensitivity analysis for the shave care reporting unit and the gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset, utilizing reasonably possible changes in the assumptions for the shorter term and residual growth rates and the discount rate, to demonstrate the potential impacts to the estimated fair values. the table below provides, in isolation, the estimated fair value impacts related to a 25 basis point increase to discount rate or a 25 basis point decrease to our shorter-term and residual growth rates, either of which, in isolation, would result in an additional impairment of the gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset.
approximate percent change in estimated fair value
+25 bps discount rate                                               -25 bps growth rate shave care goodwill reporting unit                 (6)%                                                                   (6)%
gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset         (6)%                                                                   (6)%
see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion on goodwill and intangible asset impairment testing results.
new accounting pronouncements refer to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of june 30, 2020.
30 the procter & gamble company other information hedging and derivative financial instruments as a multinational company with diverse product offerings, we are exposed to market risks, such as changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates and commodity prices. we evaluate exposures on a centralized basis to take advantage of natural exposure correlation and netting. we leverage the company's diversified portfolio of exposures as a natural hedge and prioritize operational hedging activities over financial market instruments. to the extent we choose to further manage volatility within our financing operations, as discussed below, we enter into various financial transactions which we account for using the applicable accounting guidance for derivative instruments and hedging activities. these financial transactions are governed by our policies covering acceptable counterparty exposure, instrument types and other hedging practices. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our accounting policies for derivative instruments.
derivative positions are monitored using techniques including market valuation, sensitivity analysis and value-at-risk modeling. the tests for interest rate, currency rate and commodity derivative positions discussed below are based on the riskmanagertm value-at-risk model using a one-year horizon and a 95% confidence level. the model incorporates the impact of correlation (the degree to which exposures move together over time) and diversification (from holding multiple currency, commodity and interest rate instruments) and assumes that financial returns are normally distributed. estimates of volatility and correlations of market factors are drawn from the riskmetricstm dataset as of june 30, 2020. in cases where data is unavailable in riskmetricstm, a reasonable proxy is included.
our market risk exposures relative to interest rates, currency rates and commodity prices, as discussed below, have not changed materially versus the previous reporting period. in addition, we are not aware of any facts or circumstances that would significantly impact such exposures in the near term.
interest rate exposure on financial instruments. interest rate swaps are used to hedge exposures to interest rate movement on underlying debt obligations. certain interest rate swaps denominated in foreign currencies are designated to hedge exposures to currency exchange rate movements on our investments in foreign operations. these currency interest rate swaps are designated as hedges of the company's foreign net investments.
based on our interest rate exposure as of and during the year ended june 30, 2020, including derivative and other instruments sensitive to interest rates, we believe a near-term change in interest rates, at a 95% confidence level based on historical interest rate movements, would not materially affect our financial statements.
currency rate exposure on financial instruments. because we manufacture and sell products and finance operations in a number of countries throughout the world, we are exposed to the impact on revenue and expenses of movements in currency exchange rates. corporate policy prescribes the range of allowable hedging activity. to manage the exchange rate risk associated with the financing of our operations, we primarily use forward contracts and currency swaps with maturities of less than 18 months.
based on our currency rate exposure on derivative and other instruments as of and during the year ended june 30, 2020, we believe, at a 95% confidence level based on historical currency rate movements, the impact on such instruments of a near-term change in currency rates would not materially affect our financial statements.
commodity price exposure on financial instruments. we use raw materials that are subject to price volatility caused by weather, supply conditions, political and economic variables and other unpredictable factors. we may use futures, options and swap contracts to manage the volatility related to the above exposures.
as of and during the years ended june 30, 2020 and june 30, 2019, we did not have any commodity hedging activity.
measures not defined by u.s. gaap in accordance with the sec's regulation s-k item 10(e), the following provides definitions of the non-gaap measures and the reconciliation to the most closely related gaap measures. we believe that these measures provide useful perspective of underlying business trends (i.e. trends excluding non-recurring or unusual items) and results and provide a supplemental measure of year-on-year results. the non-gaap measures described below are used by management in making operating decisions, allocating financial resources and for business strategy purposes. these measures may be useful to investors as they provide supplemental information about business performance and provide investors a view of our business results through the eyes of management. these measures are also used to evaluate senior management and are a factor in determining their at-risk compensation. these non-gaap measures are not intended to be considered by the user in place of the related gaap measure, but rather as supplemental information to our business results. these non-gaap measures may not be the same as similar measures used by other companies due to possible differences in method and in the items or events being adjusted. these measures include:
organic sales growth. organic sales growth is a non-gaap measure of sales growth excluding the impacts of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign exchange from year-over-year comparisons. we believe this measure provides investors with a supplemental understanding of underlying sales trends by providing sales growth on a consistent basis. this measure is used in assessing achievement of management goals for at-risk compensation.
year ended june 30, 2020                    net sales growth       foreign exchange impact        acquisition &amp; divestiture impact/other (1)       organic sales growth beauty                                             4       %                   2         %                                 (1)                 %                 5        %
(1) acquisition & divestiture impact/other includes the volume and mix impact of acquisitions and divestitures and rounding impacts necessary to reconcile net sales to organic sales.
adjusted free cash flow. adjusted free cash flow is defined as operating cash flow less capital spending, tax payments related to the merck otc consumer healthcare acquisition in 2020 and the transitional tax resulting from the u.s. tax act in 2020 and 2019 (the company incurred a transitional tax liability of approximately $3.8 billion from the u.s. tax act, which is payable over a period of 8 years). adjusted free cash flow represents the cash that the company is able to generate after taking into account planned maintenance and asset expansion. we view adjusted free cash flow as an important measure because it is one factor used in determining the amount of cash available for dividends, share repurchases, acquisitions and other discretionary investments.
operating   capital                adjustments to operating cash flow (1)        adjusted free cash flow   spending                                                                 cash flow
(1) adjustments to operating cash flow include tax payments for the transitional tax resulting from the u.s. tax act of $215 and $235 in 2020 and 2019, respectively, and tax payments related to the merck acquisition of $328 in 2020.
adjusted free cash flow productivity. adjusted free cash flow productivity is defined as the ratio of adjusted free cash flow to net earnings. we view adjusted free cash flow productivity as a useful measure to help investors understand p&g's ability to generate cash. adjusted free cash flow productivity is used by management in making operating decisions, in allocating financial resources and for budget planning purposes. this measure is used in assessing the achievement of management goals for at-risk compensation. the company's long-term target is to generate annual adjusted free cash flow productivity at or above 90 percent.
the following table provides a numerical reconciliation of adjusted free cash flow productivity ($ millions):
adjusted free cash flow       net              adjusted free earnings         cash flow productivity core eps. core eps is a measure of the company's diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations adjusted as indicated. management views this non-gaap measure as a useful supplemental measure of company performance over time. core eps is also used in assessing the achievement of management goals for at-risk compensation. the table below provides a reconciliation of diluted net earnings per share to core eps, including the following reconciling items:
•incremental restructuring: the company has had and continues to have an ongoing level of restructuring activities. such activities have resulted in ongoing annual restructuring related charges of approximately $250 - $500 million before tax. in 2012, the company began a $10 billion strategic productivity and cost savings initiative that included incremental restructuring activities. in 2017, we communicated details of an additional multi-year productivity and cost savings plan. this results in incremental restructuring charges to accelerate productivity efforts and cost savings. the adjustment to core earnings includes only the restructuring costs above what we believe are the normal recurring level of restructuring costs.
•gain on dissolution of the pgt healthcare partnership: the company dissolved our pgt healthcare partnership, a venture between the company and teva pharmaceuticals industries, ltd (teva) in the otc consumer healthcare business, during the year ended june 30, 2019. the transaction was accounted for as a sale of the teva portion of the pgt business and the company recognized an after-tax gain on the dissolution of $353 million.
•shave care impairment: as discussed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements and in the significant accounting policies and estimates section of the md&a, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, the company recognized a non-cash after-tax charge of $8.0 billion ($8.3 billion before tax) to adjust the carrying values of the shave care reporting unit and the gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset. this was comprised of a before and after-tax impairment charge of $6.8 billion related to goodwill and an after-tax impairment charge of $1.2 billion ($1.6 billion before tax) to reduce the carrying value of the gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset.
•anti-dilutive impacts: as discussed in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the shave care impairment charges caused preferred shares that are normally dilutive (and hence, normally assumed converted for purposes of determining diluted earnings per share) to be anti-dilutive. accordingly, for u.s. gaap the preferred shares were not assumed to be converted into common shares for diluted earnings per share and the related dividends paid to the preferred
32 the procter & gamble company shareholders were deducted from net income to calculate net earnings available to common shareholders. as a result of the non-gaap shave care impairment adjustment, these instruments are dilutive for non-gaap core eps.
we do not view the above items to be indicative of underlying business results and their exclusion from core earnings measures provides a more comparable measure of year-on-year results. these items are also excluded when evaluating senior management in determining their at-risk compensation.
as reported (gaap)                        incremental restructuring                       non-gaap (core)
change versus year ago core eps                      13      %
as reported (gaap)               anti-dilutive impacts                     incremental restructuring                    shave care impairment                     gain on dissolution of pgt partnership                   rounding                   non-gaap (core)
(1) the reduction in net earnings from the 2019 charge for the shave care impairment caused the preferred shares outstanding to be anti-dilutive. accordingly, for u.s. gaap, the preferred shares were not assumed to be converted into common shares for diluted earnings per share and the related dividends paid to the preferred shareholders were deducted from net income to calculate earnings available to common shareholders. excluding the impairment charge results in higher non-gaap earnings which causes the preferred shares to be dilutive. the adjustments in this row are made to reflect the dilutive preferred share impact resulting from the shave care impairment adjustment.