item 1a.risk factors our business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. in connection with any investment decision, you should carefully consider the following risk factors, which may have materially affected or could materially affect us, including impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations, stock price or credit rating, as well as our reputation. you should read these risk factors in conjunction with "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in item 8. these risks are not the only ones we face. we could also be affected by other events, factors or uncertainties that are unknown to us, or that we do not currently consider to be material risks.
business and operating risks the outbreak and spread of the novel strain of coronavirus covid-19 has had a significant impact on us, as well as on the operations, financial performance and liquidity of many of our customers. we are unable to predict the full extent to which the coronavirus will continue to adversely impact us.
the covid-19 pandemic resulted in, and is expected to continue to result in, a substantial curtailment of business activities (including the decrease in demand for a broad variety of goods and services), weakened economic conditions, supply chain disruptions, significant economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, both in the united states and abroad. the pandemic has significantly impacted, and is expected to continue to significantly impact us, and has had, and is expected to continue to have, a material adverse impact on the operations, financial performance and liquidity of many of our customers.
because the ongoing severity, magnitude and duration of the covid-19 pandemic and its economic consequences are uncertain, rapidly changing and difficult to predict, the future impact on our operations, financial condition and liquidity remains uncertain and difficult to predict. the impact of the pandemic will depend on evolving factors, many of which are not within our control, and to which we may not be able to effectively respond. these risks include, but are not limited to: a significant reduction in revenue due to curtailment of business from our customers; a significant increase in our expenses or a reduction in our operating margins due to long-term changes in the mix of our products and services; effects from governmental, business and individuals' actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to the pandemic (including restrictions on travel and transportation and workforce pressures); reductions in operating effectiveness due to employees working remotely; unavailability of personnel; the delay or cancellation of capital projects and related delays in, or loss of, expected benefits therefrom; limited access to liquidity; increased volatility and pricing in the capital and commercial paper markets; further disruption of our global supply chains; an impairment in the fair value of our assets; an increase in our pension funding obligations; and the effect of the pandemic on the credit-worthiness of our customers. further, the covid-19 pandemic, and the volatile regional and global economic conditions stemming from it, could also precipitate or aggravate risk factors that we identify herein or affect our operations and financial performance in a manner that is not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider material. the occurrence or continuation of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on us.
changes in general economic conditions, in the u.s. and internationally, may adversely affect us.
we conduct operations in over 220 countries and territories. our operations are subject to cyclicality affecting national and international economies in general, as well as the local economic environments in which we operate. the factors that result in general economic changes are beyond our control, and it may be difficult for us to adjust our business model to mitigate the impact of these factors. in particular, we are affected by levels of industrial production, consumer spending and retail activity and we could be materially affected by adverse developments in these aspects of the economy, including without limitation the impact of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic. in addition, there remains substantial economic uncertainty arising from the united kingdom's departure from the european union. the u.k. and the e.u. continue to negotiate their future relationship, which could take several years to finalize. the outcome of these negotiations could result in, among other things, transportation delays, increased costs, fewer goods being transported globally, additional volatility in currency exchange rates and further regulations relating to, among other things, trade, aviation and the transport of goods. changes in general economic conditions, or our inability to accurately forecast these changes, could materially adversely affect us.
our industry is rapidly evolving. we expect to continue to face significant competition, which could materially adversely affect us.
our industry is rapidly evolving, including in response to demand for faster deliveries and increased visibility into shipments. we expect to continue to face significant competition on a local, regional, national and international basis. current competitors include the postal services of the u.s. and other nations, various motor carriers, express companies, freight forwarders, air couriers, large transportation and e-commerce companies that are making significant investments in their capabilities, and start ups and other companies that combine technologies with crowdsourcing to focus on local market needs, some of whom are currently our customers. competition may also come from other sources in the future, including as new technologies are developed. competitors have cost and organizational structures that differ from ours and from time to time may offer services or pricing terms that we may not be willing or able to offer. additionally, to sustain the level of services and value that we deliver to our customers, from time to time we may raise prices and our customers may not be willing to accept these higher prices. if we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to competitive pressures, we could be materially adversely affected.
continued transportation industry consolidation may further increase competition. as a result of consolidation, competitors may increase their market share, improve their financial capacity and strengthen their competitive positions. business combinations could also result in competitors providing a wider variety of services and products at competitive prices, which could materially adversely affect us.
changes in our relationships with any of our significant customers, including the loss or reduction in business from one or more of them, could have a material adverse effect on us.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, business from one customer, amazon.com, inc. and its affiliates, accounted for 13.3% of our consolidated revenues. some of our other significant customers can account for a relatively significant portion of our revenues in a particular quarter or year. customer impact on our revenue is based on factors such as: product launches; e-commerce or other industry trends, including those related to the fourth quarter holiday season; business combinations and the overall growth of a customer's underlying business; as well as any disruptions to their businesses. these customers could choose to divert all or a portion of their business with us to one of our competitors, demand pricing concessions for our services, require us to provide enhanced services that increase our costs, or develop their own shipping and distribution capabilities. in addition, certain of our significant customer contracts include termination rights of either party upon the occurrence of certain events or without cause upon advance notice to the other party. if all or a portion of our business relationships with one or more significant customers were to terminate, significantly change or be canceled, this could materially adversely affect us.
we maintain a large workforce, and necessarily depend on the skills and continued service of our employees, including our experienced management team. we also regularly hire a large number of part-time and seasonal workers. we must be able to attract, engage, develop and retain a large and diverse global workforce, while controlling related labor costs and maintaining an environment that supports our core values. our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous factors, including turnover, training costs, regulatory changes, market pressures, unemployment levels and healthcare and other benefit costs. if we are unable to hire, properly train and retain qualified employees, we could experience higher employment costs, reduced sales, further increased workers' compensation and automobile liability claims, regulatory noncompliance, losses of customers and diminution of our brand value or company culture, which could materially adversely affect us.
in addition, our strategic initiatives, including transformation, have and may in the future lead to the creation of fewer, more impactful jobs as we strive to lower our cost to serve. our inability to continue to retain experienced and motivated employees may also materially adversely affect us.
increased security requirements impose substantial costs on us and we could be the target of an attack or have a security breach, which could materially adversely affect us.
as a result of concerns about global terrorism and homeland security, governments around the world have adopted or may adopt stricter security requirements that will result in increased operating costs for businesses in the transportation industry. these requirements may change periodically as a result of regulatory and legislative requirements and in response to evolving threats. we cannot determine the effect that any new requirements will have on our cost structure or our operating results, and new rules or other future security requirements may increase our operating costs and reduce operating efficiencies. regardless of our compliance with security requirements or the steps we take to secure our facilities or fleet, we could also be the target of an attack or security breaches could occur, which could materially adversely affect us.
strikes, work stoppages and slowdowns by our employees could materially adversely affect us.
many of our u.s. employees are employed under a national master agreement and various supplemental agreements with local unions affiliated with the international brotherhood of teamsters ("the teamsters"). our airline pilots, airline mechanics, ground mechanics and certain other employees are employed under other collective bargaining agreements. in addition, some of our international employees are employed under collective bargaining or similar agreements. strikes, work stoppages or slowdowns by our employees could adversely affect our ability to meet our customers' needs. as a result, customers may reduce their business or stop doing business with us if they believe that such actions or threatened actions may adversely affect our ability to provide services. we may permanently lose customers if we are unable to provide uninterrupted service, and this could materially adversely affect us. the terms of future collective bargaining agreements also may affect our competitive position and results of operations.
our success depends in part on our ability to maintain the image of the ups brand and our reputation for providing excellent service to our customers. service quality issues, actual or perceived, even when false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of our brand and may cause customers to use other companies. also, adverse publicity surrounding labor relations, environmental concerns, security matters, political activities and similar matters, or attempts to connect our company to such issues, either in the u.s. or other countries in which we operate, could negatively affect our overall reputation and use of our services by customers. social media accelerates and amplifies the scope of negative publicity, and makes responding to negative claims more difficult. damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our services and thus have a material adverse effect on us, and could require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand.
a significant data breach or information technology system disruption could materially adversely affect us.
we rely heavily on information technology networks and systems, including the internet and a number of internally-developed systems and applications, to manage or support a wide variety of important business processes and activities throughout our operations. for example, we rely on information technology to receive package level information in advance of physical receipt of packages, to track items that move through our delivery systems, to efficiently plan deliveries, to execute billing processes, and to track and report financial and operational data. our franchise locations and businesses we have acquired also are reliant on the use of information technology systems to manage their business processes and activities.
in addition, the provision of service to our customers and the operation of our networks and systems involve the collection, storage and transmission of significant amounts of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personal information of customers, employees and others. to conduct our operations, we regularly move data across national borders, and consequently we are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in the u.s. and abroad regarding privacy, data protection and data security. the scope of the laws that may be applicable to us is often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. for example, the e.u. has enacted the general data protection regulation, which greatly increases the jurisdictional reach of e.u. law and adds a broad array of requirements for handling personal data, including the public disclosure of significant data breaches. other countries have also enacted or are enacting data localization laws that require data to stay within their borders. these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time.
information technology systems (ours, as well as those of our franchisees, acquired businesses, and third-party service providers) are susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to programming errors, defects or other vulnerabilities, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, ransomware attacks, malware attacks, theft, misconduct by employees or other insiders, telecommunications failures, misuse, human errors or other catastrophic events. hackers, foreign governments, cyber-terrorists and cyber-criminals, acting individually or in coordinated groups, may launch distributed denial of service attacks or other coordinated attacks that may cause service outages, gain inappropriate or block legitimate access to systems or information, or result in other interruptions in our business. in addition, the foregoing breaches in security could expose us, our customers and franchisees, or the individuals affected, to a risk of loss, disclosure or misuse of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personally identifiable information. the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently, may be difficult to detect and often are not recognized until launched against a target. as a result, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate measures to prevent any of the events described above.
we also depend on and interact with the information technology networks and systems of third-parties for many aspects of our business operations, including our customers, franchisees and service providers such as cloud service providers and third-party delivery services. these third parties may have access to information we maintain about our company, operations, customers, employees and vendors, or operating systems that are critical to or can significantly impact our business operations. like us, these third parties are subject to risks imposed by data breaches and information technology systems disruptions like those described above, and other events or actions that could damage, disrupt or close down their networks or systems. security processes, protocols and standards that we have implemented and contractual provisions requiring security measures that we may have sought to impose on such third-parties may not be sufficient or effective at preventing such events. these events could result in unauthorized access to, or disruptions or denials of access to, misuse or disclosure of, information or systems that are important to our business, including proprietary information, sensitive or confidential data, and other information about our operations, customers, employees and suppliers, including personal information.
any of these events that impact our information technology networks or systems, or those of acquired businesses, franchisees, customers, service providers or other third-parties, could result in disruptions in our operations, the loss of existing or potential customers, damage to our brand and reputation, regulatory scrutiny, and litigation and potential liability for us. among other consequences, our customers' confidence in our ability to protect data and systems and to provide services consistent with their expectations could be impacted, further disrupting our operations. similarly, an actual or alleged failure to comply with applicable u.s. or foreign data protection regulations or other data protection standards may expose us to litigation, fines, sanctions or other penalties.
we have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management and disaster recovery plans. the cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly intense, complex and sophisticated global cyber threats. despite our best efforts, we are not fully insulated from data breaches and system disruptions. although to date we are unaware of a data breach or system disruption, including a cyber-attack, that has been material to us, we cannot provide any assurances that such events and impacts will not be material in the future, and our efforts to deter, identify, mitigate and/or eliminate future breaches may require significant additional effort and expense and may not be successful.
severe weather conditions or other natural or manmade disasters, including storms, floods, fires, earthquakes, epidemics, pandemics, conflicts, unrest, or terrorist attacks, have in the past and may in the future disrupt our business and result in decreased revenues. customers may reduce shipments, or our costs to operate our business may increase, either of which could have a material adverse effect on us. any such event affecting one of our major facilities could result in a significant interruption in or disruption of our business.
economic, political, or social developments and other risks associated with international operations could materially adversely affect us.
we have significant international operations. as a result, we are continually exposed to changing economic, political and social developments that are beyond our control. emerging markets are typically more volatile than those in the developed world, and any broad-based downturn in these markets could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. we are subject to many laws governing our international operations, including those that prohibit improper payments to government officials and commercial customers, govern our environmental impact or labor matters, and restrict where we can do business, our shipments to certain countries and the information that we can provide to non-u.s. governments. our failure to manage and anticipate these and other risks associated with our international operations could materially adversely affect us.
changes in markets and our business plans have resulted, and may in the future result, in substantial write-downs of the carrying value of our assets, thereby reducing our net income.
our regular review of the carrying value of our assets, changes in business strategy, government regulations, and economic or market conditions have resulted from time to time, and may in the future result, in substantial impairments of our intangible, fixed or other assets. for example, in connection with our entry into a definitive agreement to divest our ups freight business, we recognized a $629 million after-tax impairment charge as of december 31, 2020. in addition, we have been and may be required in the future to recognize increased depreciation and amortization charges if we determine that the useful lives of our fixed assets or intangible assets are shorter than we originally estimated. such changes have in the past, and may in the future, reduce our net income.
we have a combination of both self-insurance and high-deductible insurance programs for the risks arising out of the services we provide and the nature of our global operations, including claims exposure resulting from cargo loss, personal injury, property damage, aircraft and related liabilities, business interruption and workers' compensation. self-insured workers' compensation, automobile and general liabilities are determined using actuarial estimates of the aggregate liability for claims incurred and an estimate of incurred but not reported claims, on an undiscounted basis. our accruals for insurance reserves reflect certain actuarial assumptions and management judgments, which are subject to a high degree of variability. if the number or severity of claims for which we are retaining risk continues to increase, which has occurred in recent periods, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. if we lose our ability to self-insure these risks, our insurance cost could materially increase and we may find it difficult to obtain adequate levels of insurance coverage.
our inability to effectively integrate any acquired operations and realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances or dispositions could materially adversely affect us.
as part of our business strategy, we may acquire businesses and form joint ventures or strategic alliances, or may dispose of operations. whether we realize the anticipated benefits from these transactions will depend, in part, upon the successful integration between the businesses involved, the performance of the underlying operations, capabilities or technologies and the management of the acquired operations. accordingly, our financial results could be materially adversely affected by our failure to effectively integrate the acquired operations, unanticipated performance issues or transaction-related charges.
financial risks we are exposed to the effects of changing fuel and energy prices, including gasoline, diesel and jet fuel, and interruptions in supplies of these commodities.
changing fuel and energy costs have a significant impact on our operations. we require significant quantities of fuel for our aircraft and delivery vehicles and are exposed to the risks associated with variations in the market price for petroleum products, including gasoline, diesel and jet fuel. we mitigate our exposure to changing fuel prices through our indexed fuel surcharges and we utilize hedging transactions from time to time. if we are unable to maintain or increase our fuel surcharges, higher fuel costs could adversely impact our operating results. even if we are able to offset changes in fuel costs with surcharges, high fuel surcharges may result in a shift from our higher-yielding products to lower-yielding products or an overall reduction in volume. there can also be no assurance that hedging transactions will be effective to protect us from changes in fuel prices. moreover, we could experience a disruption in energy supplies as a result of war, weather-related events or natural disasters, actions by producers or other factors beyond our control, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
changes in exchange rates or interest rates may have a material adverse effect on us.
we conduct business across the globe with a significant portion of our revenue derived from operations outside the united states. our operations in international markets are affected by changes in the exchange rates for local currencies, in particular the euro, british pound sterling, canadian dollar, chinese renminbi and hong kong dollar.
we are exposed to changes in interest rates, primarily on our short-term debt and that portion of our long-term debt that carries floating interest rates. the impact of a 100-basis-point change in interest rates affecting our debt is discussed in part ii, "item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" section of this report. additionally, changes in interest rates impact the valuation of our pension and postretirement benefit obligations and the related benefit cost recognized in the statements of consolidated income. the impact of changes in interest rates on our pension and postretirement benefit obligations and costs is discussed further in part i, "item 7 - critical accounting policies and estimates" section of this report.
we monitor and manage our exposures to changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates, and use derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of changes in these rates on our financial condition and results of operations; however, changes in exchange rates and interest rates cannot always be predicted or hedged and may have a material adverse effect on us.
certain of our debt and other financial instruments have interest rates tied to libor. the chief executive of the united kingdom financial conduct authority ("fca"), which regulates libor, has announced that the fca will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. however, the ice benchmark administration, in its capacity as administrator of u.s. dollar libor, has announced that it intends to extend publication of certain u.s. dollar libor rates to june 2023. notwithstanding this possible extension, a joint statement by key regulatory authorities calls on banks to cease entering into new contracts that use u.s. dollar libor as a reference rate after 2021.
at this time, it is not possible to predict the effect any discontinuance, modification or other reforms to libor, or the establishment of alternative reference rates, may have on our cost of capital. any further changes or reforms to the determination or supervision of libor may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in reported libor, which could have an adverse impact on extensions of credit held by us and could have a material adverse effect on us.
we are required to make significant capital and other investments in our business, of which a significant portion is tied to projected volume levels.
we require significant capital investments in our business consisting of aircraft, vehicles, technology, facilities and sorting and other types of equipment. in addition to forecasting our capital investment requirements, we adjust other elements of our operations and cost structure in response to economic conditions. these investments support both our existing business and anticipated growth. forecasting projected volume involves many factors which are subject to uncertainty, such as general economic trends, changes in governmental regulation and competition. if we do not accurately forecast our future capital investment needs, we could have excess capacity or insufficient capacity, either of which would negatively affect our revenues and profitability.
employee health and retiree health and pension benefit costs represent a significant expense to us; further cost increases could materially adversely affect us.
our expenses relating to employee health and retiree health and pension benefits are significant. in recent years, we have experienced significant increases in some of these costs, largely as a result of economic factors beyond our control, including, in particular, ongoing increases in healthcare costs in excess of the rate of inflation and historically low discount rates that we use to value our company-sponsored benefit plan obligations. continually increasing healthcare costs, volatility in investment returns and discount rates, as well as changes in laws, regulations and assumptions used to calculate retiree health and pension benefit expenses, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations, and may require significant contributions to our benefit plans. our national master agreement with the teamsters includes provisions that are designed to mitigate certain healthcare expenses, but there can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that the failure or success of these efforts will not materially adversely affect us.
we participate in a number of trustee-managed multiemployer pension and health and welfare plans for employees covered under collective bargaining agreements. as part of the overall collective bargaining process for wage and benefit levels, we have agreed to contribute certain amounts to the multiemployer benefit plans during the contract period. the multiemployer benefit plans set benefit levels and are responsible for benefit delivery to participants. future contribution amounts to multiemployer benefit plans will be determined only through collective bargaining, and we have no additional legal or constructive obligation to increase contributions beyond the agreed-upon amounts. however, in future collective bargaining negotiations, we could agree to make significantly higher future contributions to improve the funded status of one or more of these plans. the funded status of these multiemployer plans is impacted by various factors, including investment performance, healthcare inflation, changes in demographics and changes in participant benefit levels. at this time, we are unable to determine the amount of additional future contributions, if any, or whether any material adverse effect on us could result from our participation in these plans.
in addition to our on-going multiemployer pension plan obligations, we may have an obligation to pay significant coordinating benefits that were earned by ups employees in the central states pension fund (the "cspf"). for additional information on our potential liabilities related to the cspf, see note 6 to the audited, consolidated financial statements.
we may have significant additional tax liabilities.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and many foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. in the course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.
we are regularly under audit by tax authorities in different jurisdictions. economic and political pressures to increase tax revenue in various jurisdictions may make resolving tax disputes more difficult. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation in the jurisdictions where we are subject to taxation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. in addition, changes in u.s. federal and state or international tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals, other fundamental law changes currently being considered by many countries, and changes in taxing jurisdictions' administrative interpretations, decisions, policies and positions may materially adversely impact our tax expense and cash flows.
regulatory and legal risks increasingly complex and stringent laws, regulations and policies could materially increase our operating costs.
we are subject to complex and stringent aviation, transportation, environmental, security, labor, employment, safety, privacy and data protection and other governmental laws, regulations and policies, both in the u.s. and in other countries in which we operate. in addition, we are impacted by laws, regulations and policies that affect global trade, including tariff and trade policies, export requirements, taxes, monetary policies and other restrictions and charges. recently, trade discussions between the u.s. and various of its trading partners have been fluid, and existing and future trade agreements are, and are expected to continue to be, subject to a number of uncertainties, including the imposition of new tariffs or adjustments and changes to the products covered by existing tariffs. the impact of new laws, regulations and policies or decisions or interpretations by authorities applying those laws and regulations, cannot be predicted. compliance with any new laws, regulations or policies may increase our operating costs or require significant capital expenditures. any failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or policies in the u.s. or in any of the other countries in which we operate could result in substantial fines or possible revocation of our authority to conduct our operations, which could adversely affect us.
increasingly stringent regulations related to climate change could materially increase our operating costs.
regulation of greenhouse gas ("ghg") emissions exposes our transportation and logistics businesses to potentially significant new taxes, fees and other costs. compliance with such regulation, and any increased or additional regulation, or the associated costs is further complicated by the fact that various countries and regions are following different approaches to the regulation of climate change.
for example, in 2009, the european commission approved the extension to the airline industry of the e.u. emissions trading scheme ("ets") for ghg emissions. under this decision, all of our flights operating within the e.u. are covered by the ets requirements, and we are required annually to purchase emission allowances in an amount exceeding the number of free allowances allocated to us under the ets. similarly, in 2016, the international civil aviation organization ("icao") passed a resolution adopting the carbon offsetting and reduction scheme for international aviation ("corsia"), which is a global, market-based emissions offset program to encourage carbon-neutral growth beyond 2020. a pilot phase is scheduled to begin in 2021 in which countries may voluntarily participate, and full mandatory participation is scheduled to begin in 2027. icao continues to develop details regarding implementation, but compliance with corsia will increase our operating costs.
in the u.s., congress in the past several years has considered various bills that would regulate ghg emissions, but these bills so far have not received sufficient congressional support for enactment. nevertheless, some form of federal climate change legislation is possible in the future. even in the absence of such legislation, the environmental protection agency could determine to regulate ghg emissions, especially aircraft or diesel engine emissions, and this could impose substantial costs on us.
in addition, the impact that the recent re-entry into the paris climate accord may have on future u.s. policy regarding ghg emissions, on corsia and on other ghg regulation is uncertain. the extent to which other countries implement that accord could also have an adverse direct or indirect effect on us.
potential costs to us of increased regulation regarding ghg emissions in the u.s. or abroad, especially aircraft or diesel engine emissions, include an increase in the cost of the fuel and other energy we purchase and capital costs associated with updating or replacing our aircraft or vehicles prematurely. we cannot predict the impact any future regulation would have on our cost structure or our operating results. it is possible that such regulation could significantly increase our operating costs and that we may not be willing or able to pass such costs along to our customers. moreover, even without such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about the ghgs emitted by companies in the airline and transportation industries could harm our reputation and reduce customer demand for our services, especially our air services.
we may be subject to various claims and lawsuits that could result in significant expenditures.
the nature of our business exposes us to the potential for various claims and litigation related to labor and employment, personal injury, property damage, business practices, environmental liability and other matters. any material litigation or a catastrophic accident or series of accidents could result in significant expenditures and have a material adverse effect on us.
item 7.management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview as described above, during 2020 we began implementing our customer first, people led, innovation driven strategy, as we seek to transform nearly every aspect of our business, improve our financial performance, provide the best customer experience and benefit our shareowners. we focused on, among other things, enhancing the capabilities that we believe our customers value the most; speed and ease of access to our services. we completed enhancements to our u.s. ground network to improve time-in-transit and continued to deploy our digital access program into e-commerce platforms.
beginning in the first quarter of 2020, unexpected business shutdowns and government restrictions implemented in many countries in response to the covid-19 pandemic have significantly impacted the mix of demand for our services. in our global small package business, business-to-business activity has declined, while we continue to experience a significant increase in the level of business-to-consumer shipping, which we partially attribute to the capability enhancements described above. while business-to-business activity began to recover in the latter part of 2020, we believe that the market shift towards e-commerce will persist, with a continuing high level of residential deliveries that may continue to increase demand, but also drive higher operating costs. the pandemic also resulted in a reduction in global air cargo capacity. this caused market rates in the industry to increase and we experienced increased demand for our services.
on january 24, 2021, we entered into a definitive agreement to divest our ups freight business. this will allow us to be even more focused on the core parts of our business that drive the greatest value for our shareholders. the transaction, which is subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals, is expected to close during the second quarter of 2021. we expect this divestiture to result in an improvement to our operating margin and return on invested capital.
we believe that we are well positioned for long-term growth, however we cannot reasonably estimate the duration or severity of the covid-19 pandemic or the timing and extent of the anticipated economic recovery, and the resulting impacts on our business results or liquidity. for additional information on these risks and uncertainties, see part i, "item 1a. risk factors" of this report.
highlights of our results for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, which are discussed in more detail in the sections that follow, include:
year ended december 31,   change operating profit (in millions)                        $7,684                          $7,798        $(114)                        (1.5)   %
•average daily package volume increased due to increases in business-to-consumer shipping.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
•operating profit and operating margin were relatively flat, and included goodwill and other asset impairment charges of $686 million related to the anticipated divestiture of ups freight.
•we reported net income of $1.3 billion and diluted earnings per share of $1.54. adjusted diluted earnings per share was $8.23 after adjusting for the after-tax impacts of:
◦transformation strategy costs of $265 million or $0.31 per share; and
◦pension mark-to-market losses recognized outside of a 10% corridor of $4.9 billion or $5.66 per share.
in the u.s. domestic package segment, volume and revenue growth was highest in our residential ground products. the increase in residential delivery volume drove increases in headcount, delivery stops per day, average daily miles driven and average daily union labor hours, all of which increased expense and compressed operating margins as described below. operating expenses also increased as a result of the investments we made to improve our ground network.
the international package segment experienced volume and revenue growth, driven by strong outbound demand from asia as well as growth from e-commerce within europe. residential delivery volume growth drove an increase in third-party pickup and delivery expense.
in the supply chain & freight segment, growth was primarily driven by our forwarding and mail services businesses. the forwarding business benefited from strong outbound demand from asia and the implementation of capacity surcharges as covid-19 led to reduced capacity in the air cargo market. mail services benefited from the increase in e-commerce activity and favorable changes in shipment characteristics. we also experienced growth in demand for our healthcare logistics and distribution solutions, partly driven by the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic.
see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 20, 2020.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations supplemental information - items affecting comparability we supplement the reporting of our financial information determined under generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap") with certain non-gaap financial measures including "adjusted" compensation and benefits, operating expenses, operating profit, operating margin, other income and (expense), income before income taxes, income tax expense, effective tax rate, net income and earnings per share. adjusted financial measures may exclude the impact of period over period exchange rate changes and hedging activities, amounts related to mark-to-market gains or losses, restructuring costs, including transformation strategy costs, and costs related to certain legal contingencies and expenses, as described below. we believe that these adjusted financial measures provide additional meaningful information to assist users of our financial statements in understanding our financial results and cash flows and assessing our ongoing performance. we believe these adjusted financial measures are important indicators of our recurring results of operations because they exclude items that may not be indicative of, or are unrelated to, our underlying operations, and may provide a useful baseline for analyzing trends in our underlying businesses. additionally, these adjusted financial measures are used internally by management for business unit operating performance analysis, business unit resource allocation and in connection with incentive compensation award determination.
adjusted financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not as an alternative for, our reported results prepared in accordance with gaap. our adjusted financial measures do not represent a comprehensive basis of accounting. therefore, our adjusted financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
year over year comparisons of our financial results are affected by the following (in millions):
transformation strategy costs                                                     $348                            $255
defined benefit plans mark-to-market charges                                    $6,484                          $2,387
total adjustments to income before income taxes                                 $7,518                          $2,739
income tax benefit from defined benefit plans mark-to-market charges          $(1,555)                          $(571)
income tax benefit from transformation strategy costs                             (83)                            (59)
income tax benefit from goodwill and other asset impairment charges               (57)                               -
income tax benefit from legal contingencies and expenses                             -                             (6)
these items have been excluded from comparisons of "adjusted" compensation and benefits, operating expenses, operating profit, operating margin, other income and (expense), income tax expense and effective tax rate in the discussion that follows. the income tax benefit from restructuring and other costs, legal contingencies and expenses and mark-to-market charges are calculated by multiplying the statutory tax rates applicable in each tax jurisdiction, including the u.s. federal jurisdiction and various u.s. state and non-u.s. jurisdictions, by the tax-deductible adjustments. the blended average of the effective tax rates in 2020 and 2019 was 22.5% and 23.2%, respectively.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and hedging activities we supplement the reporting of our revenue, revenue per piece and operating profit with non-gaap measures that exclude the period over period impact of foreign currency exchange rate changes and hedging activities.
currency-neutral revenue, revenue per piece and operating profit are calculated by dividing current period reported u.s. dollar revenue, revenue per piece and operating profit by the current period average exchange rates to derive current period local currency revenue, revenue per piece and operating profit. the derived amounts are then multiplied by the average foreign currency exchange rates used to translate the comparable results for each month in the prior year period (including the period over period impact of foreign currency hedging activities). the difference between the current period reported u.s. dollar revenue, revenue per piece and operating profit and the derived current period u.s. dollar revenue, revenue per piece and operating profit is the period over period impact of currency fluctuations.
restructuring and other charges we supplement the presentation of our operating profit, operating margin, income before income taxes, net income and earnings per share with similar non-gaap measures that exclude the impact of charges related to restructuring activities, including transformation strategy costs and asset impairments. for more information regarding transformation strategy costs, see note 18 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. for more information regarding asset impairments, see note 4 to the audited, consolidated financial statements.
costs related to certain legal contingencies and expenses we supplement the presentation of our operating profit, operating margin, income before income taxes, net income and earnings per share with similar non-gaap measures that exclude the impact of costs related to certain legal contingencies and expenses.
defined benefit plans mark-to-market charges we recognize changes in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains and losses in excess of a 10% corridor for our pension and postretirement defined benefit plans immediately as part of other pension income (expense). we supplement the presentation of our income before income taxes, net income and earnings per share with non-gaap measures that exclude the impact of gains and losses recognized in excess of the 10% corridor and the related income tax effects. we believe excluding these mark-to-market impacts provides important supplemental information by removing the volatility associated with short-term changes in market interest rates, equity values and similar factors.
this adjusted net periodic benefit cost ($641 million in 2020 and $754 million in 2019) utilizes the expected return on plan assets (7.70% in 2020 and 7.68% in 2019) and the discount rate used to determine net periodic benefit cost (3.55% in 2020 and 4.45% in 2019). the unadjusted net periodic benefit cost reflects the actual return on plan assets (12.54% in 2020 and 17.57% in 2019) and the discount rate used to measure the projected benefit obligation at the december 31st measurement date (2.87% in 2020 and 3.55% in 2019).
we recognized pre-tax mark-to-market losses outside of a 10% corridor related to the remeasurement of our pension and postretirement defined benefit plans' assets and liabilities in "other income and (expense)" of $6.5 and $2.4 billion for 2020 and 2019, respectively. in 2019, we refined the bond matching approach used to determine the discount rate for our u.s. pension and postretirement plans by implementing advances in technology and modeling techniques discussed in note 6 to the audited, consolidated financial statements.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the table below shows the amounts associated with each component of the pre-tax mark-to-market loss, as well as the weighted-average actuarial assumptions used to determine our net periodic benefit cost, for each year:
year ended december 31, components of mark-to-market gain (loss) (in millions):                                                           2020                              2019
return on assets                                                                                            2,390                             3,850
demographic and other assumption changes                                                                    (381)                              (24)
coordinating benefits attributable to the central states pension fund                                     (1,953)                             (543)
total mark-to-market gain (loss)                                                                         $(6,484)                          $(2,387)
year ended december 31, weighted-average actuarial assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost:                               2020                              2019
expected rate of return on plan assets                                                                       7.70    %                         7.68    %
actual rate of return on plan assets                                                                        12.54    %                        17.57    %
discount rate used for net periodic benefit cost                                                             3.55    %                         4.45    %
the pre-tax mark-to-market losses for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 were comprised of the following:
2020 - $6.5 billion pre-tax mark-to-market loss:
•discount rates ($6.5 billion pre-tax loss): the weighted-average discount rate for our pension and postretirement medical plans decreased from 3.55% as of december 31, 2019 to 2.87% as of december 31, 2020, primarily due to a decline in u.s. treasury yields that was slightly offset by an increase in credit spreads on aa-rated corporate bonds.
•return on assets ($2.4 billion pre-tax gain): in 2020, the actual rate of return on plan assets was higher than our expected rate of return, primarily due to strong global equity and u.s. bond market performance.
•demographic and other assumption changes ($381 million pre-tax loss): this represents the difference between actual and estimated participant data and demographic factors, including items such as healthcare cost trends, compensation rate increases and rates of termination, retirement and mortality.
•coordinating benefits attributable to the central states pension fund ($2.0 billion pre-tax loss): this represents our current best estimate of additional potential coordinating benefits that may be required to be paid related to the central states pension fund.
2019 - $2.4 billion pre-tax mark-to-market loss:
•discount rates ($5.7 billion pre-tax loss): the weighted-average discount rate for our pension and postretirement medical plans decreased from 4.45% as of december 31, 2018 to 3.55% as of december 31, 2019, primarily due to a decline in u.s. treasury yields and a decrease in credit spreads on aa-rated corporate bonds in 2019. this was partially offset by a refinement to the bond matching approach used to determine the discount rate for our u.s. pension and postretirement plans as described in note 6 to the audited, consolidated financial statements.
•return on assets ($3.9 billion pre-tax gain): in 2019, the actual rate of return on plan assets was higher than our expected rate of return, primarily due to strong global equity and u.s. bond market performance.
•demographic and other assumption changes ($24 million pre-tax loss): this represented the difference between actual and estimated participant data and demographic factors, including items such as healthcare cost trends, compensation rate increases and rates of termination, retirement and mortality.
•coordinating benefits attributable to the central states pension fund ($543 million pre-tax loss): this represented our then-best estimate of additional potential coordinating benefits that may be required to be paid related to the central states pension fund.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations expense allocations certain operating expenses are allocated between our reporting segments using activity-based costing methods. these activity-based costing methods require us to make estimates that impact the amount of each expense category that is attributed to each segment. changes in these estimates would directly impact the amount of expense allocated to each segment, and therefore the operating profit of each reporting segment. our allocation methodologies are refined periodically, as necessary, to reflect changes in our businesses. beginning in 2020, we updated our cost allocation methodology for the ground with freight pricing ("gfp") product. the cost associated with gfp that is allocated from the u.s. domestic package segment to ups freight, within the supply chain & freight segment, was adjusted to better reflect operational activities associated with this product. this change in methodology had only an immaterial impact on the expense allocated to ups freight for 2020. there were no significant changes in our expense allocation methodologies during 2019 or 2018.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations u.s. domestic package operations year ended december 31,                                            change transformation strategy costs                                   (237)                           (108)                     (129)                    119.4   %
operating profit (in millions) and operating margin:
operating profit                                               $3,891                          $4,164                    $(273)                    (6.6)   %
adjusted operating profit                                      $4,128                          $4,369                    $(241)                    (5.5)   %
revenue the change in total revenue was due to the following:
revenue change drivers:       volume                  rates /           fuel                       total revenue product mix       surcharges                 change united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations volume volume increased across all products, with growth strongest in residential ground services. volume growth was primarily driven by business-to-consumer e-commerce, which grew by approximately 33%, partly due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. we also benefited from the impact of two additional operating days in 2020. volume growth was led by our largest customer, amazon, with growth stronger in the first half of the year. we also experienced growth from smbs, as well as other large customers. volume from smbs grew 14.8% for the year, with growth accelerating in the second half of the year as a result of our investments to improve both time-in-transit and our digital access platform.
business-to-consumer shipments represented approximately 64% of total average daily volume for the year compared to approximately 54% in 2019. we believe that the covid-19 pandemic has accelerated a change in consumer behavior, speeding up what we believe will be a long-term market shift towards e-commerce. business-to-business shipments decreased 10% for the year, primarily in our ground products, as many businesses experienced disruption and periods of closure due to the pandemic. business-to-business activity began to recover in the latter part of 2020.
average daily volume increased in both our next day air and deferred products, driven by increased residential demand as a result of the growth in e-commerce. this was slightly offset by declines in business-to-business shipments, primarily as a result of covid-19, as well as continued declines in second day letter volume due to ongoing shifts in customer preferences.
residential ground and surepost average daily volumes increased by 35% and 39%, respectively for the year, driven by changes in customer mix and the growth in e-commerce activity. ground commercial average daily volume declined, as many businesses temporarily closed or operated on a limited basis as a result of covid-19.
overall revenue per piece increased due to changes in base rates, customer and product mix and residential surcharges that went into effect in october 2020, partially offset by declines in fuel surcharges. rates for ups ground and ups air services increased an average net 4.9% in december 2019. surepost rates increased effective october 2020.
revenue per piece for our next day air and deferred products decreased primarily due to shifts in customer and product mix, lower fuel surcharges and a decrease in average billable weight per piece. revenue per piece for our ground products increased primarily due to the shift in customer mix, with a significant increase in smb volume, and higher residential surcharges. these benefits were partially offset by shifts in product mix, lower fuel surcharges and a decrease in average billable weight per piece.
fuel surcharges we apply a fuel surcharge on our domestic air and ground services. the air fuel surcharge is based on the u.s. department of energy's ("doe") gulf coast spot price for a gallon of kerosene-type jet fuel, while the ground fuel surcharge is based on the doe's on-highway diesel fuel price. based on published rates, the average fuel surcharge rates for domestic air and ground products were as follows:
year ended december 31,       % point change while fluctuations in fuel surcharges can be significant from period to period, fuel surcharges represent one of the many individual components of our pricing structure that impact our overall revenue and yield. additional components include the mix of products sold, the base price and any additional charges or discounts on these services.
total domestic fuel surcharge revenue decreased by $344 million for the year as a result of lower fuel surcharge indices, partially offset by increases in volume and shifts in product mix.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations operating expenses operating expenses, and operating expenses excluding the impact of transformation strategy costs and legal contingencies and expenses, increased largely due to higher pickup and delivery costs (up $4.2 billion). in addition, the costs of operating our domestic integrated air and ground network increased $1.4 billion, costs of package sorting increased $927 million and other indirect operating costs increased $744 million. the overall increase in expense was driven by several factors:
•employee compensation and benefit costs increased $5.0 billion, largely resulting from:
◦residential volume growth that negatively impacted our delivery density, driving an increase in package delivery stops per day and in average daily miles driven. this drove an increase in average daily union labor hours of 14.1%;
◦growth in the overall size of the workforce; and
◦acceleration of certain previously-issued incentive compensation awards for certain non-executive employees that resulted in additional expense of approximately $104 million.
we also incurred higher employee benefit expenses due to additional headcount, contractual contribution rate increases to union multiemployer plans, and higher service costs for our company-sponsored pension and postretirement plans, primarily driven by lower discount rates used to measure the projected benefit obligations of these plans. workers' compensation expense increased $114 million as a result of additional hours, medical and wage inflation and claims experience.
•higher third-party transportation costs were driven by increased surepost volume and utilization of outside carriers as part of our improvements to time-in-transit within our u.s. ground network.
•we incurred lower fuel costs for the year, driven by lower prices for jet fuel, diesel and gasoline that were partially offset by increased usage as a result of volume growth and higher average daily miles driven.
total cost per piece, and adjusted cost per piece excluding the year over year impact of transformation strategy costs and legal contingencies and expenses, increased 2.8% as a result of the factors described above.
operating profit and margin as a result of the factors described above, operating profit decreased $273 million, with operating margins decreasing 170 basis points to 7.3%. excluding the year over year impact of transformation strategy costs and legal contingencies and expenses, adjusted operating profit decreased $241 million, with operating margins decreasing 170 basis points to 7.7%.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations international package operations year ended december 31,                                           change transformation strategy costs                                    (96)                           (122)                        26                  (21.3)   %
operating profit (in millions) and operating margin:
operating profit                                               $3,436                          $2,657                      $779                    29.3   %
adjusted operating profit                                      $3,532                          $2,779                      $753                    27.1   %
currency translation benefit / (cost)-(in millions)*:
operating profit                                                                                                            $70
*        net of currency hedging; amount represents the change compared to the prior year.
revenue the change in total revenue was due to the following:
revenue change drivers:       volume                  rates /           fuel                       currency                total revenue product mix       surcharges                                         change united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations volume average daily volume increased for both domestic and export products. business-to-consumer volume increased as the covid-19 pandemic drove growth in e-commerce. business-to-business volume declined as the pandemic negatively impacted business operations globally, however we experienced a slight increase in volumes in the fourth quarter.
average daily volume growth was driven primarily by strong demand from the retail and technology sectors due to the increase in e-commerce activity. this was partially offset by lower volumes in manufacturing and other sectors as covid-19 caused a decline in commercial activity.
export volume increased across most major trade lanes, driven by europe and asia. europe export volume growth was highest on the europe to u.s. trade lane, with intra-europe volumes also growing significantly. asia export volume growth was strongest on the asia to u.s. trade lane. we experienced volume growth from both our large customers and smbs, with smb growth accelerating during the second half of the year. our premium products saw volume growth, primarily driven by our worldwide express product, however growth was stronger in our non-premium products, such as world wide expedited and transborder standard due to shifts in customer preference for these products.
domestic volume increased in many of our markets, driven by growth in canada and several european countries that was primarily due to residential volume growth resulting from the increase in e-commerce.
rate changes for shipments originating outside the u.s. are made throughout the year and vary by geographic market. in response to market capacity constraints resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, we implemented surcharges on certain lanes during the year. in december 2019, we implemented an average 4.9% net increase in base and accessorial rates for international shipments originating in the united states.
total revenue per piece increased 0.4% as a result of changes in customer and product mix, the impact of demand surcharges and currency movements, which were largely offset by a decline in fuel surcharges. excluding the impact of currency, revenue per piece decreased 0.5%.
domestic revenue per piece increased 2.2% due to changes in customer and product mix, demand surcharges and currency movements that were partially offset by a decline in fuel surcharges. excluding the impact of currency, revenue per piece increased 1.2%.
export revenue per piece decreased 2.0% primarily due to a decline in fuel surcharges that were partially offset by changes in demand surcharges. excluding the impact of currency, revenue per piece decreased 2.8%.
fuel surcharges we apply fuel surcharges on our international air and ground services. the fuel surcharge for international air services originating inside or outside the u.s. is largely indexed to the doe's gulf coast spot price for a gallon of kerosene-type jet fuel. the fuel surcharges for ground services originating outside the u.s. are indexed to fuel prices in the region or country where the shipment originates.
while fluctuations can be significant from period to period, fuel surcharges represent one of the many individual components of our pricing structure that impact our overall revenue and yield. additional components include the mix of services sold, the base price and extra service charges and the pricing discounts offered. total international fuel surcharge revenue decreased by $263 million in 2020 as a result of declines in fuel surcharge indices, partially offset by volume growth and changes in customer and product mix.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations operating expenses operating expenses, and operating expenses excluding the year over year impact of transformation strategy costs, increased in 2020. pickup and delivery costs increased $540 million due to volume growth and an increase in residential deliveries that drove additional third-party pickup and delivery expense.
the costs of operating our integrated international air and ground network increased $66 million, as increased block hours were partially offset by lower fuel prices.
in addition to variability in usage and market prices, the manner in which we purchase fuel also influences the net impact of costs on our results. the majority of our contracts for fuel purchases utilize index-based pricing formulas plus or minus a fixed locational/supplier differential. while many of the indices are aligned, each index may fluctuate at a different pace, driving variability in the prices paid for fuel. because of this, our operating results may be affected should the market price of fuel suddenly change by a significant amount or change by amounts that do not result in an adjustment in our fuel surcharges, which can significantly affect our earnings either positively or negatively in the short-term.
the remaining increase in operating expenses in 2020 was due to package sorting and other indirect operating costs.
operating profit and margin as a result of the factors described above, operating profit increased $779 million, with operating margin increasing 280 basis points to 21.5%. excluding the year over year impact of transformation strategy costs, adjusted operating profit increased for the year, with operating margin increasing 270 basis points to 22.2%.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations supply chain & freight operations year ended december 31,                                           change forwarding                                                      $6,975                                $5,867                    $1,108                    18.9   %
transformation strategy costs                                     (15)                                  (25)                        10                  (40.0)   %
operating profit (in millions) and operating margins:
operating profit                                                  $357                                  $977                    $(620)                  (63.5)   %
adjusted operating profit                                       $1,058                                $1,002                       $56                     5.6   %
currency translation benefit / (cost)-(in millions)*:
operating profit                                                                                                                  $(2)
*        amount represents the change compared to the prior year.
year ended december 31,            change transformation strategy costs (in millions):
forwarding                                                       $8                           $12                 $(4)                  (33.3)      %
freight                                                           1                             -        1                              n/m total transformation strategy costs                             $15                           $25                 $(10)                 (40.0)      %
in january 2021, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell our ups freight business. as of december 31, 2020, we classified certain assets and liabilities of ups freight as held for sale in the consolidated balance sheet. upon classification as held for sale, we recognized a total impairment charge of $686 million within other expenses in the statements of consolidated income. this was comprised of a goodwill impairment charge of $494 million and a valuation allowance to adjust the carrying value of the disposal group to fair value less cost to sell of $192 million. see note 4 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for additional information.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations revenue total revenue in the supply chain & freight segment increased $1.8 billion. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic varied within the segment. our ltl business faced excess capacity and reduced demand in the first half of the year before market conditions began to improve. conversely, our international air freight forwarding business benefited from demand for personal protective equipment out of asia as well as increases in market rates caused by a sharp decline in passenger aircraft cargo capacity. our logistics business experienced increased demand from the healthcare and retail sectors, while activity in other sectors declined.
overall forwarding revenue increased for the year. in our international air freight business, revenue grew as a result of higher market rates, capacity surcharges and strong demand in asia. ocean freight forwarding revenue increased due to asia-export volume growth in the second half of the year. revenue in our truckload brokerage business increased as volume levels recovered in the third and fourth quarters. higher demand, together with capacity constraints in the truckload brokerage market, drove rate increases.
within logistics, revenue in our mail services business increased as a result of e-commerce growth, which also led to a favorable shift in product characteristics. in addition, we implemented a peak surcharge in mail services in the fourth quarter which contributed to the overall increase in revenue. in the healthcare sector, we experienced growth in demand for our healthcare logistics and distribution solutions, partly driven by the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic.
ups freight revenue declined due to volume and tonnage declines in our ltl business driven by overall market conditions, as well as volume optimization initiatives that resulted in an increase in revenue per hundredweight. revenue from the ground with freight pricing product grew as volume levels increased in the second half of the year.
revenue from the other businesses within the segment increased, driven by growth within ups customer solutions, as well as additional volume from service contracts with the u.s. postal service.
total operating expenses for the segment, and operating expenses excluding the year over year impact of restructuring and other costs, increased in 2020.
forwarding operating expenses increased $1.1 billion, largely due to higher market rates and additional charter flights out of asia which increased purchased transportation expense for international air freight. this increase was slightly offset by declines in tonnage and volume. in truckload brokerage, volume growth and higher market rates also contributed to the increase in purchased transportation expense. other expenses decreased slightly as a result of ongoing cost management initiatives.
ups freight operating expenses increased $607 million, due primarily to an impairment charge of $686 million in respect of goodwill and assets held for sale as a result of entering into an agreement to divest our ups freight business. we expect this divestiture to be completed in the second quarter of 2021.
operating profit and margin as a result of the factors described above, total operating profit for the supply chain & freight segment decreased $620 million. excluding the year over year impact of restructuring and other costs, adjusted operating profit increased $56 million. operating margin decreased 490 basis points to 2.4%, while adjusted operating margin decreased 50 basis points to 7.0%.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations consolidated operating expenses year ended december 31,                                                                  change compensation and benefits                               $44,529                             $38,908                              $5,621                                14.4     %
transformation strategy costs                             (211)                               (166)                                (45)                                27.1     %
adjusted compensation and benefits                       44,318                              38,742                               5,576                                14.4     %
other transformation strategy costs                       (137)                                (89)                                (48)                                53.9     %
currency translation benefit - (in millions)*                                                                                       $31
*amount represents the change in currency translation compared to the prior year.
year ended december 31,                                            change transformation strategy costs:
benefits                                                               177                                145                      32                       22.1   %
total transformation strategy costs                                   $348                               $255                     $93                       36.5   %
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations compensation and benefits total compensation and benefits, and total compensation and benefits excluding the year over year impact of transformation strategy costs, increased in 2020.
total compensation costs, and total compensation costs excluding the year over year impact of transformation strategy costs, increased $3.1 billion or 13.3%, primarily as a result of:
•u.s. domestic labor costs increased as a result of residential volume growth, driving a 21.5% increase in package delivery stops per day. this drove additional headcount and an increase in average daily union hours of 14.1%. contractual union wage increases also contributed to the increase in compensation for hourly employees.
•management compensation expense increased due to salary increases, higher incentive compensation, including the acceleration of certain previously-issued incentive compensation awards, and growth in the overall size of the workforce.
benefits costs, and benefits costs excluding the year over year impact of transformation strategy costs, increased $2.5 billion as a result of:
•health and welfare costs increased $558 million, driven by increased contributions to multiemployer plans resulting from growth in the workforce and contractually-mandated contribution rate increases.
•pension and postretirement benefits increased $798 million. higher service costs for company-sponsored plans were driven by a reduction in discount rates and an increase in participating employees. contributions to multiemployer plans increased as a result of contractually-mandated contribution increases and an overall increase in the size of the workforce.
•vacation, excused absence, payroll taxes and other expenses increased $587 million, primarily driven by salary increases and growth in the overall size of the workforce.
•workers' compensation expense increased $517 million due to an increase in total hours worked, wage and medical cost inflation and unfavorable claims trends.
the increase in repairs and maintenance expense was driven by additional aircraft engine maintenance cost, primarily due to the replacement of parts on our a300-600 fleet, as well as an increase in routine repairs to buildings and facilities and maintenance of our other transportation equipment.
depreciation and amortization expense increased as a result of additional investments in facility automation and capacity expansion projects, increases in the size of our vehicle and aircraft fleets and investments in internally developed software.
•u.s. domestic package expense increased $1.2 billion due to investments to improve time-in-transit in our u.s. ground network, an increase in surepost volume that drove approximately $480 million of incremental third-party transportation expense and volume growth in our other products.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
•forwarding and logistics expense increased $1.5 billion due to increased market rates in our international air freight business, as well as volume growth and rate increases in our mail services and truckload brokerage businesses. the rate increases in our international air freight and truckload brokerage businesses were primarily driven by market capacity constraints.
•international package expense increased $521 million primarily due to volume increases in asia and europe that drove higher third-party pickup and delivery cost, as well as additional charter flights originating from asia.
the decrease in fuel expense was driven by lower prices for jet fuel, diesel and gasoline. these decreases were partially offset by higher consumption due to increases in aircraft block hours and miles driven as a result of increased volume, as well as the impact of higher alternative fuel tax credits in 2019.
the increase in other occupancy expense, and other occupancy expense excluding the year over year impact of transformation strategy costs, was driven by additional operating facilities coming into service, rent and property tax increases and ongoing facility maintenance.
other expenses, and other expenses excluding the year over year impact of transformation strategy costs, legal contingencies and expenses and goodwill and other asset impairment charges, increased as a result of:
•other operational expenses, including vehicle and equipment rentals, increased $385 million driven by volume growth. this included cleaning and other safety supplies related to covid-19 amounting to $89 million.
•professional fees increased $139 million, primarily related to information technology and other business support services.
•self-insured automobile liability claims increased $125 million as a result of higher average daily miles driven in our u.s. domestic business and unfavorable claims experience.
•other increases included reserves for certain tax positions and contingencies, payment processing fees, recruitment costs, telecommunications costs, information technology expenses and allowances for credit losses and other bad debt expense.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations other income and (expense)
the following table sets forth investment income (expense) and other and interest expense for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 (in millions):
year ended december 31,   change investment income (expense) and other                    $(5,139)                          $(1,493)        $(3,646)                           n/m defined benefit plans mark-to-market charges                6,484                             2,387        4,097                        171.6   %
adjusted investment income (expense) and other             $1,345                              $894        $451                          50.4   %
investment income (expense) and other investment and other expense for the year increased $3.6 billion, which included a $4.1 billion increase in defined benefit plans mark-to-market charges. excluding the impact of these mark-to-market charges, adjusted investment and other income increased $451 million for the year, primarily due to an increase in other pension income, which includes expected investment returns on pension assets, net of interest cost on projected benefit obligations and prior service costs. expected returns on plan assets increased as a result of a higher asset base due to positive asset returns in 2019 and discretionary contributions made in 2020. pension interest cost decreased due to the impact of lower year end discount rates, partially offset by ongoing plan growth and an increase in the projected benefit obligation as a result of the 2019 year end measurement of our plans. investment income decreased due to lower yields on higher average invested asset balances and impairments of certain non-current investments, partially offset by foreign currency gains.
interest expense increased as a result of higher average outstanding debt balances and lower capitalization of interest, partially offset by lower effective interest rates on floating rate debt and commercial paper balances.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations income tax expense the following table sets forth income tax expense and our effective tax rate for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 (in millions):
year ended december 31,                                              change defined benefit plans mark-to-market charges           1,555                             571                       984                      172.3   %
transformation strategy costs                             83                              59                        24                       40.7   %
for additional information on income tax expense and our effective tax rate, see note 15 to the audited, consolidated financial statements.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2020, we had $6.3 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. we believe that these positions, expected cash from operations, access to commercial paper programs and capital markets and other available liquidity options will be adequate to fund our operating requirements, planned capital expenditures and pension contributions, transformation strategy costs, debt obligations and planned shareowner returns. we regularly evaluate opportunities to optimize our capital structure, including through issuances of debt to refinance existing debt and to fund operations. we have currently suspended share repurchases under our stock repurchase program.
cash flows from operating activities the following is a summary of the significant sources (uses) of cash from operating activities (in millions):
non-cash operating activities(a)                                                          11,181                   6,405
pension and postretirement benefit plan contributions (company-sponsored plans)          (3,125)                 (2,362)
changes in working capital and other non-current assets and liabilities                    1,383                   (634)
other operating activities                                                                  (21)                      20
net cash from operating activities                                                       $10,459                  $8,639
(a) represents depreciation and amortization, gains and losses on derivative transactions and foreign currency exchange, deferred income taxes, allowances for expected credit losses, amortization of operating lease assets, pension and postretirement benefit expense, stock compensation expense, changes in casualty self-insurance reserves, goodwill and other asset impairment charges and other non-cash items.
net cash from operating activities increased $1.8 billion for the year, driven by the following:
•total contributions to our company-sponsored pension and u.s. postretirement medical benefit plans were $3.1 billion during 2020 compared to $2.4 billion in 2019. we made discretionary contributions of $2.8 billion to our three primary, company-sponsored u.s. pension plans during 2020 compared to $2.0 billion in 2019.
•our net hedge margin collateral decreased by $678 million due to the change in net fair value of derivative contracts used in our currency and interest rate hedging programs.
•cash payments for income taxes were $1.1 billion and $514 million for 2020 and 2019, respectively, with changes driven by the timing of deductions related to pension contributions, depreciation and employer payroll taxes.
•favorable changes in working capital were driven by the deferral of approximately $1.1 billion of employer payroll taxes under the coronavirus aid, relief and economic security (cares) act that was signed into law on march 27, 2020, as well as changes in incentive compensation plan payouts. these benefits were partially offset by an increase in working capital demand as a result of business growth.
as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our working capital efficiency, certain financial institutions offer a voluntary supply chain finance ("scf") program to certain of our suppliers. we agree commercial terms with our suppliers, including prices, quantities and payment terms, regardless of whether the supplier elects to participate in the scf program. suppliers issue invoices to us based on the agreed-upon contractual terms. then, if they are participating in the scf program, our suppliers, at their sole discretion, determine which invoices, if any, to sell to the financial institutions. our suppliers' voluntary inclusion of invoices in the scf program has no bearing on our payment terms. no guarantees are provided by us under the scf program. we have no economic interest in a supplier's decision to participate, and we have no direct financial relationship with the financial institutions, as it relates to the scf program.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations amounts due to our suppliers that participate in the scf program are included in accounts payable in our consolidated balance sheets. we have been informed by the participating financial institutions that as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, suppliers sold them $639 and $268 million, respectively, of our outstanding payment obligations. amounts due to suppliers that participate in the scf program may be reflected in cash flows from operating activities or cash flows from investing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. the amount settled through the scf program was approximately $1.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020.
as of december 31, 2020, our total worldwide holdings of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were $6.3 billion, of which approximately $3.0 billion was held by foreign subsidiaries. the amount of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held by our u.s. and foreign subsidiaries fluctuates throughout the year due to a variety of factors, including the timing of cash receipts and disbursements in the normal course of business. cash provided by operating activities in the u.s. continues to be our primary source of funds to finance domestic operating needs, capital expenditures, share repurchases, pension contributions and dividend payments to shareowners. all cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held by foreign subsidiaries are generally available for distribution to the u.s. without any u.s. federal income taxes. any such distributions may be subject to foreign withholding and u.s. state taxes. when amounts earned by foreign subsidiaries are expected to be indefinitely reinvested, no accrual for taxes is provided.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cash flows from investing activities our primary sources (uses) of cash for investing activities were as follows (amounts in millions):
net cash used in investing activities                                                     $(5,283)                   $(6,061)
capital expenditures:
buildings, facilities and plant equipment                                                 $(2,460)                   $(2,729)
information technology                                                                       (805)                      (774)
total capital expenditures(1):                                                            $(5,412)                   $(6,380)
capital expenditures as a % of revenue                                                         6.4   %                    8.6   %
other investing activities:
net change in finance receivables                                                              $44                        $13
net (purchases), sales and maturities of marketable securities                                $106                       $322
cash paid for business acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired               $(20)                       $(6)
other investing activities                                                                   $(41)                      $(75)
(1) in addition to capital expenditures of $5.4 and $6.4 billion in 2020 and 2019, respectively, there were capital expenditures relating to principal repayments of finance lease obligations of $192 and $140 million. these are included in cash flows from financing activities.
we have commitments for the purchase of aircraft, vehicles, equipment and real estate to provide for the replacement of existing capacity and anticipated future growth. future capital spending for anticipated growth and replacement assets will depend on a variety of factors, including economic and industry conditions. our current investment program anticipates maintenance of buildings, facilities and plant equipment, as well as investments in technology initiatives and additional network capabilities. we currently expect that our capital expenditures will be approximately $4.0 billion in 2021.
in 2020, capital expenditures on buildings, facilities and plant equipment decreased in our global small package business, as we reduced spending on facility automation and capacity expansion projects. capital spending on aircraft decreased due to reductions in contract deposits on open aircraft orders and in final payments associated with the delivery of aircraft.
proceeds from the disposal of property, plant and equipment were largely attributable to sales of international property in 2020 and 2019. the net change in finance receivables was primarily due to reductions in outstanding balances within our finance portfolios. purchases and sales of marketable securities are largely determined by liquidity needs and the periodic rebalancing of investment types, and will fluctuate from period to period.
cash paid for business acquisitions in 2020 related to the acquisition of area franchise rights for the ups store. in 2019, we also acquired area franchise rights for the ups store, as well as made immaterial acquisitions in our international small package and healthcare logistics business units. other investing activities were impacted by changes in our non-current investments, purchase contract deposits and various other items.
we anticipate that the divestiture of ups freight will be completed in the second quarter of 2021. we intend to use the proceeds from this divestiture to repay outstanding debt.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cash flows from financing activities our primary sources (uses) of cash for financing activities were as follows (amounts in millions, except per share data):
net cash used in financing activities                       $(4,517)                   $(1,727)
cash expended for shares repurchased                          $(224)                   $(1,004)
cash expended for dividend payments                         $(3,374)                   $(3,194)
other financing activities:
cash received for common stock issuances                        $285                       $218
other financing activities                                    $(353)                     $(166)
capitalization:
total shareowners' equity at year end                            669                      3,283
total capitalization                                         $25,323                    $28,521
we repurchased a total of 2.1 million shares of class a and class b common stock for $217 million in 2020; substantially all of those purchases were in the first quarter of 2020. as previously disclosed, we have suspended share repurchases under our stock repurchase program. we repurchased 9.1 million shares for $1.0 billion throughout 2019 ($224 million and $1.0 billion in repurchases for 2020 and 2019, respectively, are reported on the statement of cash flows due to the timing of settlements). for additional information on our share repurchase activities, see note 12 to the audited, consolidated financial statements.
for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, dividends reported within shareowners' equity include $178 and $147 million, respectively, of non-cash dividends that were settled in shares of class a common stock.
the declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of the board of directors and depends on various factors, including our net income, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects and other relevant factors. we expect to continue the practice of paying regular cash dividends. in february 2021, we increased our quarterly dividend payment from $1.01 to $1.02 per share.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations issuances of debt in 2020 and 2019 consisted of borrowings under our commercial paper program and issuances of fixed-rate senior notes as follows (in millions):
we consider the overall fixed and floating interest rate mix of our portfolio and the related overall cost of borrowing when planning for future issuances and non-scheduled repayments of debt. we have $2.6 billion of senior notes that mature in 2021. we do not currently intend to refinance this debt when it becomes due.
the amount of commercial paper outstanding fluctuates throughout the year based on daily liquidity needs. the following is a summary of our commercial paper program (in millions):
the variation in cash received from common stock issuances was primarily due to the number of stock option exercises by employees in 2020 and 2019.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations other financing activities includes cash used to repurchase shares from employees sold to satisfy tax withholding obligations on vested stock awards of $340 and $180 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively. the increase in cash used was driven by changes in the vesting schedule for certain of our awards. net cash inflows from premium payments and settlements of capped call options for the purchase of ups class b shares were $0 and $21 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively.
sources of credit see note 9 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our available credit and debt covenants.
guarantees and other off-balance sheet financing arrangements except as disclosed in note 9 to the audited, consolidated financial statements, we do not have guarantees or other off-balance sheet financing arrangements, including variable interest entities, which we believe could have a material impact on financial condition or liquidity.
contractual commitments we have contractual obligations and commitments in the form of finance leases, operating leases, debt obligations, purchase commitments and certain other liabilities. we intend to satisfy these obligations primarily through the use of cash flows from operations. the following table summarizes the expected cash outflow to satisfy our contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2020 (in millions):
commitment type                                 2021                    2022                    2023                    2024                    2025                 after 2025                    total finance leases                               $69                      $64                     $50                     $30                     $27                    $188                       $428
purchase commitments                       2,730                    1,415                     404                     201                      60      1                                       4,811
tax act repatriation liability                 -                        -                      13                      49                      61                       -                        123
(1) operating lease commitments for 2021 include $184 million of committed leases that have not yet commenced.
our finance lease obligations relate primarily to leases on aircraft and real estate. finance leases and operating leases are discussed further in note 11 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. purchase commitments, as well as our debt principal obligations, are discussed further in note 9 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. the amount of interest on our debt was calculated as the contractual interest payments due on our fixed-rate debt and variable rate debt based on interest rates as of december 31, 2020. the calculations of debt interest take into account the effect of any interest rate swap agreements. for debt denominated in a foreign currency, the u.s. dollar equivalent principal amount of the debt at the end of the year was used as the basis to calculate future interest payments.
purchase commitments represent contractual agreements to purchase assets, goods or services that are legally binding, including contracts for aircraft, construction of new or expanded facilities and orders for technology equipment and vehicles. as of december 31, 2020, we had firm commitments to purchase three new boeing 767-300 aircraft to be delivered in 2021 and 8 new boeing 747-8f aircraft to be delivered between 2021 and 2022. we also had a firm commitment to purchase two boeing md-11 aircraft to be delivered in 2021. we paid a deposit equal to the full purchase price for these md-11 aircraft in december 2019; therefore these aircraft are not included in the commitment table above.
in december 2017, the united states enacted into law the tax act, requiring a one-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries. we elected to pay the tax over eight years based on an installment schedule outlined in the tax act and, as required, have reflected our remaining transition tax due by year as a contractual obligation.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations there are no anticipated required minimum cash contributions to our qualified u.s. pension plans (these plans are discussed further in note 6 to the audited, consolidated financial statements). the amount of any minimum funding requirement, as applicable, for these plans could change significantly in future periods depending on many factors, including future plan asset returns, discount rates, other actuarial assumptions and changes to pension plan funding regulations. a decline in discount rates or a sustained significant decline in equity or bond returns could result in our u.s. pension plans being subject to significantly higher minimum funding requirements. actual contributions made in future years could materially differ and consequently required minimum contributions beyond 2021 cannot be reasonably estimated.
as discussed in note 7 to the audited, consolidated financial statements, we are not currently subject to any minimum contributions or surcharges with respect to the multiemployer pension and health and welfare plans in which we participate. contribution rates to these multiemployer pension and health and welfare plans are established through the collective bargaining process. as we are not subject to any minimum contribution levels, we have not included any amounts in the contractual commitments table with respect to these multiemployer plans.
the table above does not include approximately $398 million of liabilities for uncertain tax positions because we are uncertain if or when such amounts will ultimately be settled in cash. uncertain tax positions are further discussed in note 15 to the audited, consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2020, we had outstanding letters of credit totaling approximately $1.4 billion issued in connection with our self-insurance reserves and other routine business requirements. we also issue surety bonds as an alternative to letters of credit in certain instances, and as of december 31, 2020, we had $1.3 billion of surety bonds written. as of december 31, 2020, we had unfunded loan commitments totaling $52 million associated with ups capital.
we believe that funds from operations and borrowing programs will provide adequate sources of liquidity and capital resources to meet our expected long-term needs for the operation of our business, including anticipated capital expenditures, transformation strategy costs and pension contributions for the foreseeable future.
contingencies see note 6 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for a discussion of pension related matters and note 10 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for a discussion of judicial proceedings and other matters arising from the conduct of our business activities.
collective bargaining agreements status of collective bargaining agreements see note 7 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the status of collective bargaining agreements.
multiemployer benefit plans we contribute to a number of multiemployer pension and health and welfare plans under the terms of collective bargaining agreements that cover our union represented employees. our current collective bargaining agreements set forth the annual contribution increases allotted to the plans that we participate in, and we are in compliance with these contribution rates. these limitations will remain in effect throughout the terms of the existing collective bargaining agreements.
new accounting pronouncements recently adopted accounting standards see note 1 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recently adopted accounting standards.
accounting standards issued but not yet effective see note 1 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for a discussion of accounting standards issued, but not yet effective.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations rate adjustments we announced various adjustments to our peak surcharges during the fourth quarter as follows:
•effective november 1, 2020, surcharges for certain europe origin shipments increased.
•effective november 8, 2020, surcharges increased for china mainland, hong kong special administrative region, australia, new zealand and other asia origin shipments and a surcharge was applied to international shipments from korea.
•effective november 15, 2020, surcharges for certain europe origin shipments increased.
•effective december 27, 2020, surcharges for shipments from china mainland and hong kong special administrative region to the u.s. decreased.
the following changes took effect on december 27, 2020:
•the rates for ups ground, ups air and international services increased by an average net 4.9%.
•ups air freight rates within and between the u.s., canada and puerto rico increased an average net 4.8%.
•rates for all ups surepost services increased.
additionally, effective january 10, 2021, an additional handling charge was applied to any package with a combined length plus girth exceeding 105 inches. effective april 11, 2021, additional handling and large package surcharge rates for non-hundredweight service packages will differ by zone and effective july 11, 2021, additional handling and large package surcharge rates for hundredweight service packages will differ by zone.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations critical accounting estimates this discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with gaap. as indicated in note 1 to the audited, consolidated financial statements, the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses reported in our financial statements are affected by estimates and judgments that are necessary to comply with gaap. we base our estimates on prior experience, current trends, various other assumptions and third-party input that we consider reasonable to our circumstances. actual results could differ materially from our estimates, which would affect the related amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. while estimates and judgments are applied in arriving at many reported amounts, we believe that the following critical accounting policies involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity.
contingencies as discussed in note 10 to the audited, consolidated financial statements, we are involved in various legal proceedings and subject to various contingencies. the events that may impact our contingent liabilities are often unique and generally are not predictable. at the time a contingency is identified, we consider all relevant facts as part of our evaluation. we record a liability for a loss when the loss is probable of occurring and reasonably estimable. events may arise that were not anticipated and the outcome of a contingency may result in a loss to us that differs from our previously estimated liability. this difference could be material. income taxes and self-insurance are discussed below. except as disclosed in note 10 to the audited, consolidated financial statements, other contingent losses that were probable and estimable were not material to our financial position or results of operations as of, or for the year ended, december 31, 2020. in addition, we have certain contingent liabilities that have not been recognized as of, or for the year ended, december 31, 2020, because a loss was not reasonably estimable.
goodwill and intangible asset impairments we test goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis as of july 1st and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate that it is more likely than not that the carrying amount may be impaired. we assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, initially evaluating qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if the qualitative assessment is not conclusive, we calculate the fair value of a reporting unit to test goodwill for impairment. if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds the reporting unit's fair value, we record the excess amount as goodwill impairment, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. our reporting units are set out in note 8 to the audited, consolidated financial statements.
we primarily determine the fair value of our reporting units using a discounted cash flow ("dcf") model and supplement this with observable valuation multiples for comparable companies, as appropriate. the completion of the dcf model requires that we make a number of significant assumptions to produce an estimate of future cash flows. these assumptions include projections of future revenue, costs, capital expenditures, working capital and our cost of capital. we are also required to make assumptions relating to our overall business and operating strategy, and the regulatory and market environment. the projections that we use in our dcf model are updated annually and will change over time based on the historical performance and changing business conditions for each of our reporting units.
the determination of whether goodwill is impaired involves a significant level of judgment in these assumptions, and changes in our forecasts, business strategy, government regulations, or economic or market conditions could significantly impact these judgments, potentially decreasing the fair value of one or more reporting units. any resulting impairment charges could have a material impact on our results of operations.
we recognized a goodwill impairment charge of $494 million for our ups freight reporting unit in 2020 in conjunction with our evaluation of assets held for sale, which is discussed in note 4 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. based on the most recent tests, the fair value of our remaining reporting units exceeds their carrying value. none of our reporting units incurred any goodwill impairment charges in 2019.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations a trade name with a carrying value of $200 million and licenses with a carrying value of $5 million as of december 31, 2020 are considered to be indefinite-lived intangibles. we determined that the income approach, specifically the relief from royalty method, is the most appropriate valuation method to estimate the fair value of the trade name. this valuation approach requires that we make a number of assumptions to estimate fair value. these assumptions include projections of future revenues, market royalty rates, tax rates, discount rates and other relevant variables. the projections we use in the model are updated annually and will change over time based on the historical performance and changing business conditions. if the carrying value of the trade name exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment charge would be recognized for the excess amount.
all of our remaining intangible assets are deemed to be finite-lived and are amortized over their estimated useful lives. impairment tests for these assets are only performed when a triggering event occurs that indicates that the carrying value of the intangible may not be recoverable based on its undiscounted future cash flows. if the carrying amount of the intangible is determined not to be recoverable, a write-down to fair value is recorded. fair values are estimated using a dcf model. if impairment indicators are present, the resulting impairment charges could have a material impact on our results of operations. see note 8 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for details of finite-lived intangible asset impairments.
self-insurance accruals we self-insure costs associated with workers' compensation claims, automobile liability, health and welfare and general business liabilities, up to certain limits. insurance reserves are based on third-party actuarial estimates, which incorporate historical loss experience and judgments about the present and expected cost per claim. trends in actual experience are a significant factor in the determination of our reserves.
workers' compensation, automobile liability and general liability insurance claims may take several years to completely settle. consequently, actuarial estimates are required to project the ultimate cost that will be incurred to fully resolve a claim. a number of factors can affect the actual cost of a claim, including the severity and length of time the claim remains open, trends in healthcare costs, the results of any related litigation and changes in legislation. furthermore, claims may emerge in a future year for events that occurred in a prior year at a rate that differs from actuarial projections. all of these factors can result in revisions to actuarial projections and produce a material difference between estimated and actual operating results. based on our historical experience, in 2019 we changed our self-insurance reserves from the central estimate to the low end of the actuarial range of losses. we believe our estimated reserves for such claims are adequate; actual experience in claim frequency and/or severity could materially differ from our estimates and affect our results of operations. for additional information on our self-insurance reserves, refer to note 1 of the audited, consolidated financial statements.
we sponsor a number of health and welfare insurance plans for our employees. liabilities and expenses related to these plans are based on estimates of, among other things, the number of employees and eligible dependents covered under the plans, global health events, anticipated medical usage by participants and overall trends in medical costs and inflation. we believe our estimates are reasonable/appropriate. actual experience may differ from these estimates and, therefore, produce a material difference between estimated and actual operating results.
pension and other postretirement medical benefits our pension and other postretirement medical benefit costs are calculated using various actuarial assumptions and methodologies. these assumptions include discount rates, healthcare cost trend rates, inflation, compensation increases, expected returns on plan assets, mortality rates, regulatory requirements and other factors. the assumptions utilized in recording the obligations under our plans represent our best estimates, and we believe that they are reasonable, based on information as to historical experience and performance as well as other factors that might cause future expectations to differ from past trends.
differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions may affect our pension and other postretirement obligations and future expenses. the primary factors contributing to actuarial gains and losses each year are (1) changes in the discount rate used to value pension and postretirement benefit obligations as of the measurement date, (2) differences between the expected and the actual return on plan assets, (3) changes in demographic assumptions including mortality, (4) participant experience different from demographic assumptions and (5) changes in coordinating benefits with plans not sponsored by ups. in 2019, we refined the bond matching approach used to determine the discount rate for our u.s. pension and postretirement plans by implementing advances in technology and modeling techniques as discussed in note 6 to the audited, consolidated financial statements.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations we recognize changes in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains or losses in excess of a corridor (defined as 10% of the greater of the fair value of plan assets or the plans' projected benefit obligations) in pension expense annually at december 31st each year. the remaining components of pension expense (herein referred to as "ongoing net periodic benefit cost"), primarily service and interest costs and the expected return on plan assets, are reported on a quarterly basis.
the following sensitivity analysis shows the impact of a 25 basis point change in the assumed discount rate and return on assets for our pension and postretirement benefit plans, and the resulting increase (decrease) on our obligations and expense as of, and for the year ended, december 31, 2020 (in millions):
effect on ongoing net periodic benefit cost                                                        $(41)                           $42
effect on net periodic benefit cost for amounts recognized outside the 10% corridor              (2,434)                         2,618
effect on projected benefit obligation                                                           (2,761)                         2,942
return on assets:
effect on ongoing net periodic benefit cost(1)                                                     (118)                           118
effect on net periodic benefit cost for amounts recognized outside the 10% corridor(2)             (115)                           115
effect on ongoing net periodic benefit cost                                                            3                           (3)
effect on net periodic benefit cost for amounts recognized outside the 10% corridor                 (54)                            64
effect on accumulated postretirement benefit obligation                                             (60)                            71
effect on ongoing net periodic benefit cost                                                            1                           (1)
effect on net periodic benefit cost for amounts recognized outside the 10% corridor                   13                          (14)
effect on accumulated postretirement benefit obligation                                               14                          (16)
(1)amount calculated based on 25 basis point increase / decrease in the expected return on assets.
(2)amount calculated based on 25 basis point increase / decrease in the actual return on assets.
refer to note 6 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for information on our potential liability for coordinating benefits related to the central states pension fund.
depreciation, residual value and impairment of fixed assets as of december 31, 2020, we had $32.3 billion of net fixed assets, the most significant category of which is aircraft. in accounting for fixed assets, we make estimates of the expected useful lives and residual values. we review long-lived assets for impairment at either the individual asset level or the asset group for which the lowest level of independent cash flows can be identified. impairment reviews occur when circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable based on undiscounted future cash flows. the circumstances that would indicate potential impairment may include, but are not limited to, a significant change in the extent to which an asset is utilized and operating or cash flow losses associated with the use of the asset. if the carrying amount of the asset is determined not to be recoverable, a write-down to fair value is recorded. fair values are determined based on quoted market values, discounted cash flows or external appraisals, as appropriate. there were no material impairment charges on our fixed assets during 2020 or 2019.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in estimating the lives and expected residual values of aircraft, we rely upon actual experience with the same or similar aircraft types. revisions to these estimates could be caused by changes to our maintenance programs, changes in the utilization of the aircraft, governmental regulations on aging aircraft and changing market prices of new and used aircraft of the same or similar types. we periodically evaluate these estimates and assumptions, and adjust them as necessary. adjustments are accounted for on a prospective basis through depreciation expense. in estimating cash flows, we project future volume levels for our different air products in all geographic regions in which we do business. adverse changes in these volume forecasts, or a shortfall of our actual volume compared with our projections, could result in our current aircraft capacity exceeding current or projected demand. this situation could lead to an excess of a particular aircraft, resulting in an impairment charge or a reduction of the expected useful life of an aircraft that may result in increased depreciation expense.
we evaluate the useful lives of our property, plant and equipment based on our usage, maintenance and replacement policies, and taking into account physical and economic factors that may affect the useful lives of the assets. see note 1 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our accounting policies for long-lived assets.
fair value measurements in the normal course of business, we hold and issue financial instruments that contain elements of market risk, including derivatives, marketable securities, finance receivables, pension assets, other investments and debt. certain of these financial instruments are required to be recorded at fair value, principally derivatives, marketable securities, pension assets and certain other investments. fair values are based on listed market prices, when such prices are available. to the extent that listed market prices are not available, fair value is determined based on other relevant factors, including dealer price quotations. if listed market prices or other relevant factors are not available, inputs are developed from unobservable data reflecting our own assumptions and include situations where there is little or no market activity for the asset or liability. certain financial instruments, including over-the-counter derivative instruments, are valued using pricing models that consider, among other factors, contractual and market prices, correlations, time value, credit spreads and yield curve volatility factors. changes in the fixed income, foreign currency exchange and commodity markets will impact our estimates of fair value in the future, potentially affecting our results of operations. a quantitative sensitivity analysis of our exposure to changes in commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates is presented in the "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" section of this report.
certain non-financial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, including property, plant, and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets. these assets are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis; however, they are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as when there is evidence of an impairment or when an asset or disposal group is classified as held for sale.
for business acquisitions, we allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. the excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. such valuations require management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. significant estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows from acquired customers, technology and trade names from a market participant perspective, useful lives and discount rates. management's estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. during the measurement period, which is one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings.
income taxes we make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for financial statement purposes. these estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of income by legal entity and jurisdiction, tax credits, benefits and deductions, and in the calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes, as well as tax, interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. significant changes to these estimates may result in an increase or decrease to our tax provision in a subsequent period.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations we assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets. if recovery is not likely, we must increase our provision for taxes by recording a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets that we estimate will not ultimately be recoverable. we believe that we will ultimately recover a substantial majority of the deferred tax assets recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. however, should there be a change in our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, our tax provision would increase in the period in which we determined that the recovery was not likely.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. we recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. once it is determined that the position meets the recognition threshold, the second step requires us to estimate and measure the largest amount of tax benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement. the difference between the amount of recognizable tax benefit and the total amount of tax benefit from positions filed or to be filed with the tax authorities is recorded as a liability for uncertain tax benefits. it is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts, as we have to determine the probability of various possible outcomes. we reevaluate uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. this evaluation is based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effectively settled issues under audit and new audit activity. such a change in recognition or measurement could result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations