In response to the Covid-19 pandemic, we have focused on maintaining a supply of our medicines; reducing the strain on the medical system; developing treatments for Covid-19; protecting the health, safety, and well-being of our employees; supporting our communities; and ensuring affordability of and access to our medicines, particularly insulin. As part of our response to the Covid-19 pandemic, and at the request of the United States and international governments, we invested in large-scale manufacturing of Covid-19 antibodies at risk, in order to ensure rapid access to patients around the world. The strain on global transportation, logistics, and labor markets caused by the Covid-19 pandemic and an increase in overall demand in our industry for certain materials resulting in changed buying patterns and constrained supply have had, and may continue to have, a number of impacts on our business, including increased costs to provide a consistent supply of our medicines where they are needed and potential disruptions in the supply of our medications. We also face risks and uncertainties related to our Covid-19 therapies, including heightened regulatory scrutiny of our manufacturing practices, quality assurance, and similar regulations; restrictions on administration that limit widespread and timely access to our therapies; and risks related to handling, return, and/or refund of product after delivery by us. The availability of superior or competitive therapies, including therapies that can be administered more easily, or preventative measures such as vaccines, coupled with the unpredictable nature of pandemics, have and could further negatively impact or eliminate demand for our Covid-19 therapies. It remains difficult to reasonably assess or predict the full extent of the ongoing impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on us; we are currently unable to predict the full extent to which the Covid-19 pandemic or any future pandemic, epidemic or similar public health threat will adversely impact our business and operations in the future. We believe our available cash and cash equivalents, together with our ability to generate operating cash flow and our access to short-term and long-term borrowings, are sufficient to fund our existing and planned capital requirements. Our management continuously evaluates our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can adequately and efficiently finance our capital requirements. We had a total of $5.26 billion of unused committed bank credit facilities, $5.00 billion of which is available to support our commercial paper program, and we believe that amounts accessible through existing commercial paper markets should be adequate to fund any short-term borrowing needs. We seek to address a portion of these risks through a controlled program of risk management that includes the use of derivative financial instruments; the objective of this risk management program is to limit the impact on earnings of fluctuations in interest and currency exchange rates. We manage research and development spending across our portfolio of potential new medicines; a delay in, or termination of, any one project will not necessarily cause a significant change in our total research and development spending. We review the carrying value of long-lived assets (both intangible and tangible) for potential impairment on a periodic basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Litigation liabilities and other contingencies are, by their nature, uncertain and based upon complex judgments and probabilities. We opportunistically invest in external research and technologies that we believe complement and strengthen our own efforts; these investments can take many forms, including acquisitions, collaborations, investments, and licensing arrangements. Milestone payments may be required contingent upon the successful achievement of an important point in the development life cycle of the pharmaceutical product. While we do accumulate certain research and development costs on a project level for internal reporting purposes, we must make significant cost estimations and allocations, some of which rely on data that are neither reproducible nor validated through accepted control mechanisms. Such measures collectively support our ability to absorb strain, preserve or improve functioning, and maintain integrity and performance under internal or external variations and disturbances.