Lockheed Martin operates in an environment characterized by both complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures, focusing on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. Recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we place considerable focus on affordability initiatives while endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner, with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities as well as growing our international sales. We invest substantially in our people to ensure we have the technical skills necessary to succeed, and we expect to continue to invest internally on innovative technologies that address rapidly evolving mission requirements for our customers. We will continue to invest in acquisitions, as appropriate, while deepening our connection to commercial industry through cooperative partnerships, joint ventures, and equity investments. The COVID-19 pandemic continued to present business challenges in 2021, with impacts in each of our business areas related to continued increased coronavirus-related costs, delays in supplier deliveries, travel restrictions, site access and quarantine restrictions, employee absences, remote work and adjusted work schedules. During the first half of 2021, we had initiated a plan to reintroduce employees that had been working remotely to the workplace; however, we paused the reintroduction as COVID-19 cases rose. Attendance for employees required to be onsite has fluctuated based on pandemic developments. We continued to take measures to protect the health and safety of our employees, including encouraging employees to be vaccinated. We also continued to work with our customers and suppliers to minimize disruptions, including using accelerated progress payments from the U.S. government and cash on hand to accelerate $2.2 billion of payments to our suppliers as of December 31, 2021 that are due by their terms in future periods. We will continue to monitor risk driven by the pandemic and, based on our current assessment, we expect to continue to accelerate payments to our suppliers based on risk-assessed need through the end of 2022, prioritizing small and COVID-19 impacted businesses. We are closely tracking developments regarding vaccine mandates and have taken steps to comply while encouraging vaccination to maintain operational continuity. The ultimate impact of COVID-19 on our operations and financial performance remains uncertain and will depend on future pandemic-related developments. Our 2022 outlook assumes continued support and funding of our programs, known impacts of COVID-19, and the continued acceleration of supplier payments, with a focus on small and at-risk businesses. We continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers through independent research and development activities and through acquisition, divestiture and internal realignment activities. We selectively pursue the acquisition of businesses and investments at attractive valuations that will expand or complement our current portfolio and allow access to new customers or technologies, and we routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures and equity investments. Our principal source of liquidity is our cash from operations, supplemented by access to credit markets for liquidity or general corporate purposes, including a revolving credit facility and commercial paper issuance, and we believe these resources will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements and cash deployment plans over the next twelve months and beyond based on our current business plans. We maintain a balanced cash deployment strategy to invest in our business and key technologies to provide our customers with enhanced capabilities, enhance stockholder value, and position ourselves to take advantage of new business opportunities when they arise. We have returned cash to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases, and we continue to actively manage our debt levels, including maturities and interest rates, and our pension obligations. On August 3, 2021, we purchased group annuity contracts to transfer $4.9 billion of our gross defined benefit pension obligations and related plan assets to an insurance company for approximately 18,000 U.S. retirees and beneficiaries, using assets from our master retirement trust with no additional funding requirement; we expect to continue to opportunistically manage our pension liabilities through similar pension risk transfer transactions in future years. Since the pandemic began, Lockheed Martin has remained committed to flowing down benefits received from the Department of Defense’s modification of the progress payment rate to our supply chain partners through accelerated progress payments. On March 11, 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act temporarily eased funding rules for single-employer pension plans, and we have incorporated the resulting changes into our assumptions for pension funding and cost allocations under U.S. government contracts.