Mastercard continues to monitor the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related impact on its business, recognizing that governments, businesses and consumers tighten or loosen safety measures based on local conditions and that “the full extent to which the pandemic… affect our business… will depend on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time.” The company relies on “existing liquidity, cash generated from operations and access to capital” to “fund our global operations, credit and settlement exposure, capital expenditures, investments in our business and current and potential obligations,” including through a $6 billion revolving credit facility, a commercial paper program, and guarantees of customer settlements. To manage currency volatility and transactional risk, Mastercard “may enter into foreign exchange derivative contracts to economically hedge the foreign currency exposure of a portion of our nonfunctional monetary assets and liabilities,” and during 2021 began designating eligible contracts as cash flow hedges with “gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value… deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)” pending recognition when the hedged transactions impact earnings. Net cash provided by operating activities increased “primarily due to higher net income adjusted for non-cash items and the timing of customer incentive payments,” while net cash used in financing activities reflects “lower proceeds from debt issuances, higher repurchases of our class a common stock and repayment of debt.” Management employs non-GAAP measures that “exclude the impact of gains and losses… special items and the related tax impacts” to facilitate internal planning, forecasting and performance-based compensation. The company’s strategic initiatives are supported by “higher personnel costs,” increased “spending on advertising and marketing” and “increased data processing costs,” including an uptick in marketing campaigns and sponsorships as sponsored events were reinstated “as the effects of the pandemic recede.” Currency-neutral growth rates are “calculated by remeasuring the prior period’s results using the current period’s exchange rates… and excluding… foreign exchange derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments” to provide clarity on performance under varying conditions. Mastercard believes that its “existing cash, cash equivalents and investment securities balances, our cash flow generating capabilities, and our access to capital resources are sufficient to satisfy our future operating cash needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments and other liquidity requirements,” enabling it to absorb financial strain, preserve performance and ensure the safety and security of the global payments ecosystem despite external disturbances.