Adobe’s disclosures emphasize its efforts to maintain business continuity and positive adjustment under challenging conditions through extensive risk mitigation, disaster recovery and resource allocation measures, while acknowledging that “a disruption, infiltration or failure of these systems … could cause system interruptions, reputational harm, loss of intellectual property, delays in our product development, lengthy interruptions in our services, breaches of data security and loss of critical data.” The company warns that “our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities” and that, although “we maintain insurance to cover operational risks, such as cyber risk and technology outages, … this insurance may not cover all costs,” it “continuously monitor[s] and develop[s] our information technology networks and infrastructure in an effort to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of threats to our data, systems and networks … but security vulnerabilities cannot be totally eliminated.” Adobe identifies risks from supply chain disruptions—stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, the Russia-Ukraine war and climate-related events including “the increasing frequency of extreme weather events and their impact on … critical infrastructure”—that “may harm our customers and suppliers and further complicate existing supply chain constraints,” as well as the potential for service outages or performance issues “if we fail to plan infrastructure capacity appropriately and expand it proportionally with the needs of our customer base.” In discussing strategic resilience, the company discloses that “we may not realize the anticipated benefits of an investment or acquisition … and integration of acquisitions may disrupt our business and management,” citing risks such as “inability to retain personnel of the acquired business,” “disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of our management,” “failure of our due diligence processes to identify significant problems,” and “impairment of our relationships with employees, customers, partners, distributors or third-party providers.” Further, Adobe acknowledges that “compliance with these laws and regulations may involve significant costs or require changes in our business practices” in response to evolving global tax, privacy, data-flow, regulatory and geopolitical environments, and that “uncertainty about current and future economic conditions … makes it difficult for us to forecast operating results and to make decisions about future investments,” all of which bear on its ability to absorb strain, preserve functioning and emerge stronger from adversity.