The company discloses that “COVID-19-related disruptions have had an adverse impact on the company’s business, operations and financial performance” and that it “is unable to predict the full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic, epidemic or similar public health threat will adversely impact its business, operations, financial performance, results of operations, and financial condition,” while noting that “global health systems and patients have largely adapted to the impacts of COVID-19” despite ongoing vulnerability of physician-administered products. It states that it “is working cross-functionally across the globe to monitor and mitigate interruptions to business continuity resulting from the war [in Ukraine], including its impact on Merck’s supply chain, operations and clinical trials,” and that it “continues to supply essential medicines and vaccines in Russia for humanitarian reasons” while donating related profits to humanitarian causes. The report highlights that “global macroeconomic conditions . . . may result in a slowdown to the global economy that could affect the company’s business by reducing the prices that . . . providers may be able or willing to pay for the company’s products or by reducing the demand for the company’s products,” that “global efforts toward health care cost containment continue to exert pressure on product pricing and market access worldwide,” and that “global macroeconomic conditions” have led to “minor disruption and volatility in its global supply chain network” that “could increase in the future and cause delays in shipments of raw materials and packaging, as well as related cost inflation.” It acknowledges that “manufacturing difficulties can result in product shortages, leading to lost sales and reputational harm,” that “reliance on third-party relationships and outsourcing arrangements could materially adversely affect the company’s business,” and that “failure to attract and retain highly qualified personnel could affect the company’s ability to successfully develop and commercialize products.” The company also warns that it “is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure,” monitors its data and IT systems “to reduce these risks,” but that “there can be no assurance that the company’s efforts to protect its data and IT systems or the efforts of third-party providers . . . will be successful,” and that “social media and mobile messaging platforms present risks and challenges” as new communication tools can create “new challenges” in safeguarding information. Finally, the company cautions that its forward-looking statements are “based on management’s current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the statements,” underscoring the inherent unpredictability of its operating environment.