Risk factors identify that the company must continually add new members to replace cancellations and grow beyond its current base, noting that “our ability to continue to attract and retain members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members … compelling content choices … as well as provide a quality experience ….” Management acknowledges that “if we are not able to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected” and that “as we grow our operations, we may face integration and operational challenges … if we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, … our business may be adversely affected.” Disclosures on technology and operations warn that “any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties … could result in a loss or degradation of service … which could adversely impact our business,” and that data security requires “ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated.” The report highlights reliance on its cloud infrastructure, stating that it “runs the vast majority of our computing on AWS … any disruption of or interference with our use of AWS would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted.” Discussion of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic notes that it “disrupted our business, increased our costs … and may again impact our business and results of operations” and that the company “will continue to actively monitor the issues raised by the COVID-19 pandemic and may take further actions that alter our business operations … as may be required by … authorities, or that we determine are in the best interests of … stakeholders.” Liquidity disclosures assert that the company “currently anticipates that cash flows from operations, available funds and access to financing sources … will continue to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for the next twelve months and beyond,” emphasizing resource allocation and strategic financial planning. Content accounting policies describe that management “reviews factors that impact the amortization of the content assets on a regular basis” and applies considerable judgment in estimating viewing patterns and costs, while tax disclosures illustrate ongoing risk assessment in measuring deferred tax assets and uncertain positions. Together these disclosures outline processes of monitoring, adaptation, resource allocation, operational continuity, risk mitigation and strategic foresight that support the preservation of functioning and performance under adverse and unexpected conditions.