The company’s disclosures recognize that its “operations and structure involve various risks that could adversely affect our business and financial condition, including but not limited to our financial position, results of operations, cash flow, ability to make distributions and payments to security holders and the market value of our securities,” and caution that “disruptions in the global capital and credit markets may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition,” including “the value of our properties; the availability or the terms of financing; our ability to make principal and interest payments on, or refinance any outstanding debt when due; and the ability of our customers to enter into new leasing transactions or satisfy rental payments under existing leases.” The 10-K highlights exposure to “volatility in currencies and currency restrictions” and notes that “our hedging of foreign currency and interest rate risk may not effectively limit our exposure,” thereby impacting “our results of operations and financial position.” It warns that “real estate investments are not as liquid as certain other types of assets, which may limit our ability to react promptly to changes in economic or other conditions,” and that “if we do not have sufficient cash available … we may need to find alternative ways to increase our liquidity,” such as divesting properties at less-than-optimal terms or entering into leases on concessionary terms, actions that “may adversely affect our business, and in particular, our distributable cash flow and debt covenants.” The firm discloses that it “seeks to minimize these risks through geographic diversification of our portfolio, market research and our asset management capabilities,” and maintains “disaster recovery plans” and a strategy “to borrow in the currencies in which we have significant investments thereby providing a natural hedge” supplemented by derivative contracts and interest rate swaps, yet concedes that “there can be no assurance that those attempts will be successful” and that “any system failure or accident … could result in a material disruption to our business.” In outlining its environmental and insurance framework, it notes that “under various federal, state and local laws … a current or previous owner, developer or operator of real estate may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances,” and that “our insurance coverage does not cover all potential losses” so that “an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits … could result in a significant loss of capital invested and future revenues.” The report also describes operational flexibility measures taken in the face of pandemics—acknowledging that “government, labor or other restrictions may prevent us from completing the development or leasing of properties,” that labor and supply-chain disruptions “may make the development of properties more costly than we originally budgeted,” and that customer shutdowns “could disrupt their business and their ability to enter into new leasing transactions or satisfy rental payments.” Credit-related disclosures warn that “covenants in our credit agreements could limit our flexibility and breaches of these covenants could adversely affect our financial condition,” that “adverse changes in our credit ratings could negatively impact our financing activity,” and that “our ability to access debt and equity capital on favorable terms … depends on … general market conditions, the market’s perception of our growth potential, our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions and the market price of our securities.” In its management overview, the company asserts that “in 2022, our operating results were robust and we ended the year in a solid financial position … despite challenging headwinds from the capital markets, ongoing inflation, steeply rising interest rates and the war and energy crisis in Europe that are all pressuring the global economy,” and affirms that it “believes we are well-positioned to organically grow revenues given the increase in market rents … however, we will be cautious as we manage our business in this uncertain environment” and “continue to be disciplined as we evaluate capital deployment activities.”