Amgen operates in one business segment: human therapeutics, and our strategy includes integrated activities intended to maintain and strengthen our competitive position in the industry. We focus on six commercial areas and conduct discovery research primarily in three therapeutic areas. Our long-term success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to continue to discover, develop and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We devote considerable resources to R&D activities, but successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain, and we also face increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after products launch. Rising healthcare costs and economic conditions continue to pose challenges to our business, including continued pressure by third-party payers to reduce healthcare expenditures. We have also continued to invest in external opportunities to augment our internal programs and products, which reflects our commitment to leveraging technology resources and capabilities. Our human genetics capabilities allow us to identify new development targets in our chosen areas of therapeutic focus. We expect net selling price to continue to decline, and total product sales decreased for 2019, driven primarily by a decline in net selling price, offset partially by higher unit demand. The increase in R&D expense for 2019 was driven primarily by higher spending in research and early pipeline in support of our oncology programs, which underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. We also expanded our next-generation manufacturing capabilities while returning capital to shareholders. Our operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation are critical as we navigate market dynamics and competition from biosimilars and generics. We believe our investment choices and strategic management practices will enhance our organizational capabilities and overall performance. The increase in cash flows from operating activities enables us to invest in our business while returning capital to shareholders through the payment of cash dividends and stock repurchases. Our investment policy limits interest-bearing security investments to certain types of debt and money market instruments issued by institutions with primarily investment-grade credit ratings, reflecting our focus on maintaining safety of principal and prudent levels of liquidity. We anticipate that our liquidity needs can be met through a variety of sources, including cash provided by operating activities and access to other domestic and foreign debt markets. We believe that existing funds, cash generated from operations, and existing sources of and access to financing are adequate to satisfy our needs for working capital, capital expenditure, and debt service requirements. Our operations are subject to income tax in various jurisdictions, and we are involved in various legal proceedings, government investigations, and other matters that could impact our financial performance. We monitor the inventory levels of our products at our wholesalers and believe wholesaler inventories have been maintained at appropriate levels given end-user demand, which is essential for optimizing our supply chain management and operational efficiency.