We are focused on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. BDS integrates its resources in defense, intelligence, communications, security, space, and services to deliver capability-driven solutions to customers at reduced costs. The commercial jet airplane market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive, with market liberalization enabling low-cost airlines to gain market share, increasing pressure on airfares, and resulting in continued cost pressures for all airlines and price pressure on our products. Major productivity gains are essential to ensure a favorable market position at acceptable profit margins. The grounding of the 737 MAX and the associated suspension of deliveries have significantly reduced our market share with respect to deliveries of single-aisle aircraft and may provide competitors with an opportunity to obtain more orders and increase market share. We are continuing to monitor the impact of the 737 MAX grounding on our suppliers and working to ensure that our supply chain can support our production plans once production resumes. We are also focused on safely returning the 737 MAX to service, improving our products and services, and continuing our cost-reduction efforts, which enhances our ability to compete. The aerospace markets we serve include parts distribution, logistics, and other inventory services; maintenance, engineering, and upgrades; training and professional services; and information services. We expect the market to grow by around 3.5% annually. As the size of the worldwide commercial airline fleet continues to grow, so does demand for aftermarket services designed to increase efficiency and extend the economic lives of airplanes. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. The U.S. government services market is the single largest individual market, comprising over 50 percent of the government services markets served. Our BDS business includes a variety of development programs which have complex design and technical challenges. Many of these programs have cost-type contracting arrangements, where the associated financial risks are primarily in reduced fees, lower profit rates, or program cancellation if cost, schedule, or technical performance issues arise. We believe that our investment in contracts positions us for additional market opportunities for both trainer and light attack aircraft. The KC-46A tanker program remains subject to additional reach-forward losses and/or delivery delays if we experience further production, technical, or quality issues. The digital transformation of our operations is essential for maintaining competitiveness and operational efficiency, as we leverage IT capabilities to enhance our service offerings and support business needs. The integration of technology into our processes is critical for achieving operational flexibility and improving overall firm performance. We continue to monitor the global trade environment for changes that may impact our operations and maintain a focus on strategic resource allocation to support our long-term objectives.