Our mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. We seek to empower people to cut through travel barriers, such as money, time, language, and overwhelming options, so they can use our services to easily and confidently get where they want to go, stay where they want to stay, dine where they want to dine, pay how they want to pay, and experience what they want to experience. We connect consumers wishing to make travel reservations with providers of travel services around the world through our online platforms. We are increasing the collaboration, cooperation, and interdependency among our brands in our efforts to provide consumers with the best and most comprehensive services. We also seek to maximize the benefits of our scale by sharing resources and technological innovations, co-developing new services, and coordinating activities in key markets among our brands. We believe that the opportunity to continue to grow our business exists for the markets in which we operate, including in both mature and fast-growing markets. Our growth has primarily been generated by the worldwide accommodation reservation business of booking.com, which has been due, in part, to the availability of a large number of properties through booking.com. We are constantly innovating to grow our business by providing a best-in-class user experience with intuitive, easy-to-use online platforms to ensure that we are meeting the needs of online consumers while aiming to exceed their expectations. As part of these ongoing efforts, we have a long-term strategy to build a more integrated offering of multiple elements of travel, which we refer to as the "connected trip." We believe that adding these types of service offerings will benefit consumers and travel service providers, as well as our gross bookings, room night, and earnings growth rates. We compete globally with both online and traditional providers of travel and restaurant reservation and related services. The markets for the services we offer are intensely competitive, constantly evolving, and subject to rapid change, and current and new competitors can launch new services at relatively low cost. Our markets are also subject to rapidly changing conditions, including technological developments, consumer behavior changes, regulatory changes, and travel service provider consolidation. We have experienced a significant shift of both direct and indirect business to mobile platforms, and our advertising partners are also seeing a rapid shift of traffic to mobile platforms. We believe that providing an extensive collection of properties, excellent customer service, and an intuitive, easy-to-use consumer experience are important factors influencing a consumer's decision to make a reservation. We are investing in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. We have experienced pressure on operating margins as we invest in initiatives to drive future growth. Our personnel expenses increased during the year ended December 31, 2019, primarily due to an increase in aggregate salaries related to headcount growth to support our businesses, including customer service and information technology to support transaction growth and various business initiatives. Information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, outsourced data center and cloud computing costs, payments to contractors, and data communications and other expenses associated with operating our services. Information technology expenses increased during the year ended December 31, 2019, due to increased outsourced data center and cloud computing costs to support the growth in our businesses, software fees, and payments to contractors.