We are a global leader in customer relationship management ("CRM") technology that brings companies and customers together. Our core mission is to enable our customers of every size and industry to connect with their customers in new ways through existing and emerging technologies, including cloud, mobile, social, blockchain, voice, and artificial intelligence ("AI"), to transform their businesses. Our customer 360 platform unites sales, service, marketing, commerce, analytics, and more to give our customers a single source of information about their customers. We continue to invest for future growth through focusing on multi-cloud adoption by our existing customers, growing our relationships with our enterprise customers, expanding internationally, and expanding and strengthening our ecosystem of partners and independent software vendors ("ISVs"). As a result, we continue to win customers from competitors in the markets in which we compete. We regularly evaluate acquisitions or investment opportunities in complementary businesses, joint ventures, services, and technologies and intellectual property rights in an effort to expand our service offerings through a disciplined and thoughtful acquisition process. We expect to continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future and we plan to reinvest a significant portion of our incremental revenue in future periods to grow our business and continue our leadership role in the cloud computing industry. We drive innovation organically and to a lesser extent through acquisitions, such as our recent business combination with salesforce.org in June 2019 and acquisitions of Tableau in August 2019 and ClickSoftware in October 2019. We have incurred significant expenses for equity awards and amortization of purchased intangibles, which have reduced our operating income. We periodically make changes to our sales organization to position us for long-term growth, which has resulted in temporary disruptions to our sales productivity. We have experienced, and may at times in the future experience, more variation from our forecasted expectations of new business activity due to longer and less predictable sales cycles and increasing complexity of our business. We expect our attrition rate to remain consistent as we continue to expand our enterprise business and invest in customer success and related programs. We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent. We believe that this investment in professional services facilitates the adoption of our service offerings. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of revenues in future periods as we continue to invest in additional employees and technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies and the integration of acquired technologies. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures. We also plan to add employees in our professional services group to facilitate the adoption of our services. Our growth in revenues is also impacted by attrition, which represents the reduction or loss of the annualized value of our contracts with customers. We calculate our attrition rate at a point in time on a trailing twelve-month basis. Our attrition rate for fiscal 2020 benefited from the ongoing shift in our business mix to enterprise and international markets which have longer customer contract term durations. We expect to continue to make additional investments in our infrastructure to scale our operations, increase productivity, and enhance our security measures. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth.