We continue to make significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, as well as in new products and services. In addition, our capital expenditures have grown over the last several years. We expect this trend to continue in the long term as we invest heavily in land and buildings for data centers and offices, and information technology infrastructure, which includes servers and network equipment. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. Our technical infrastructure is also included in Google, which generates revenues primarily from advertising; sales of apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees, including fees received for Google Cloud offerings and subscription-based products. We continue to serve our users and expand our businesses, which may affect our monetization. As interactions between users and advertisers change and as online user behavior evolves, we continue to expand and evolve our product offerings to serve their changing needs. Our Google Cloud revenues consist primarily of revenues from cloud offerings, including Google Cloud Platform (GCP), which includes infrastructure, data and analytics, and other services. Our infrastructure and our data and analytics platform products have been the largest drivers of growth in GCP. We have seen an increase in YouTube engagement ads, which monetize at a lower rate than traditional search ads. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets, and we continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. We expect these trends to continue to put pressure on our overall margins and affect our revenue growth rates. Our international revenues represent a significant portion of our revenues and are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. While we have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings. We continue to make significant investments in land and buildings for data centers and offices and information technology infrastructure through purchases of property and equipment and lease arrangements to provide capacity for the growth of our business. As of December 31, 2019, we had $119.7 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. Our primary uses of cash from our operating activities include payments to our Google network members and distribution partners, and payments for content acquisition costs. We regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace, and form of capital return to stockholders. We have a short-term debt financing program of up to $5.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. We believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions, and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months.