The digital evolution is changing consumers' behaviors, influencing the way consumers think, interact and ultimately how they shop. This evolution impacts every aspect of the Coca-Cola system and creates an opportunity to partner in different ways with customers and re-engineer the supply chain and route-to-market. Digitizing the enterprise is one of the enablers underpinning the platform for sustained performance, which is centered around disciplined portfolio growth, an aligned and engaged bottling system, and winning with stakeholders. The company believes that sustainable and profitable growth is the product of a strong culture, with a focus on employees, customers, and consumers worldwide. The company is committed to enhancing core capabilities of consumer marketing, commercial leadership, and franchise leadership to support its platform for sustained performance. The Coca-Cola system has millions of customers around the world who sell or serve products directly to consumers, and the company focuses on enhancing value for customers and providing solutions to grow their beverage businesses. The company is constantly looking to build new beverage consumption occasions through unique and innovative consumer experiences, product availability, delivery systems, and beverage merchandising. The financial health and success of bottling partners are critical components of the company's success, and the company works with bottling partners to identify processes that enable quick achievement of scale and efficiencies, sharing best practices throughout the bottling system. The company recognizes that increased competition and capabilities in the marketplace, along with the rapidly evolving digital landscape and growth of e-commerce, present new challenges to maintain brand relevancy. The company must continuously strengthen capabilities in marketing and innovation to compete in a digital environment and maintain brand loyalty and market share. The company is dedicated to implementing sustainable sourcing commitments and addressing agricultural challenges through joint efforts with farmers, communities, bottlers, suppliers, and key partners. The management has identified challenges and risks that demand attention, including evolving consumer preferences, product safety and quality, and ingredient quality and quantity. The company recognizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to transform into a competitive force. The company's IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The company aims to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, tailoring these in response to changing business needs and directions. The Coca-Cola system's operational efficiency relies on effective IT governance and resource allocation, which are essential for strategic management practices and organizational effectiveness. The company is focused on enhancing its IT architecture and infrastructure capability to support business processes and improve performance outcomes, thereby creating value and maintaining competitive advantage in the market.