Management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition is intended to assist the reader in understanding and assessing significant changes and trends related to the results of operations and financial position of our consolidated company. Our long-term success depends to a great extent on our ability to continue to discover and develop innovative pharmaceutical products and acquire or collaborate on molecules currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. We strategically invest in external research and technologies that we believe to complement and strengthen our own efforts. These investments can take many forms, including licensing arrangements, collaborations, and acquisitions. We view our business development activity as an important way to achieve our strategies, as we seek to bolster our pipeline and enhance shareholder value. We recognize acquired in-process research and development charges primarily related to collaborations with various companies. Our ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is crucial. We continue to invest in patient affordability solutions, resulting in lower revenue, in an effort to assist patients in affording their medicines. The increases in net income and earnings per share were driven primarily by the gain recognized on the disposition of Elanco and, to a lesser extent, lower acquired in-process research and development charges. We manage research and development spending across our portfolio of molecules, and a delay in, or termination of, any one project will not necessarily cause a significant change in our total research and development spending. We have approximately 45 potential new drugs in human testing or under regulatory review and a larger number of projects in preclinical research. We continue to evaluate business development transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business. The pharmaceutical industry faces significant challenges, including regulatory hurdles and the need for effective management of research and development costs. We have faced and remain exposed to generic competition following the loss of exclusivity, which has rapidly and severely eroded revenue and is likely to continue to erode revenue. We expect further volume decline as a result of competitive dynamics in the U.S. and the entry of generic and biosimilar competition. Our effective tax rate was impacted by non-deductible acquired in-process research and development charges. We believe that amounts accessible through existing commercial paper markets should be adequate to fund any short-term borrowing needs. Our corporate risk-management policy outlines the minimum and maximum hedge coverage of foreign currency exposures. We recognize revenue primarily from product sales to customers and collaborations, establishing provisions for returns, rebates, and discounts in the same period the related product sales are recognized. Our global rebate and discount liabilities are included in sales rebates and discounts on our consolidated balance sheet. We have recorded valuation allowances against certain of our deferred tax assets, primarily those generated from net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards in certain taxing jurisdictions. The nature of the pharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects to maintain a successful portfolio of approved products. We expect the amount of contractual obligations to change materially over time as new contracts are initiated and existing contracts are completed, terminated, or modified.