Microsoft is a technology company whose mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our platforms and tools help drive small business productivity, large business competitiveness, and public-sector efficiency. The markets for software, devices, and cloud-based services are dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each industry shift presents an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. We push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers and users, industry trends, and competitive forces. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees, as we compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment, broad customer reach, scale in resources, and competitive compensation and benefits. 

The investments we are making in infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. We have recast certain prior period commercial cloud metrics to provide a comparable view of our commercial cloud business performance. Intelligent cloud revenue increased, driven by server products and cloud services. Azure revenue growth was 72%, due to higher infrastructure-as-a-service and platform-as-a-service consumption-based and per user-based services. Our research and development expenses increased, driven by investments in cloud and artificial intelligence engineering, gaming, LinkedIn, and GitHub. 

We must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. The devices and form factors customers prefer evolve rapidly, influencing how users access services in the cloud and the user's choice of which suite of cloud-based services to use. Our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. We must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. The investments we are making in infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. 

Our financial performance is reported based on segments: productivity and business processes, intelligent cloud, and more personal computing. The segment amounts included in management's discussion and analysis are presented on a basis consistent with our internal management reporting. Our ability to leverage IT capabilities effectively supports business needs and has become key in transforming the firm into a competitive force. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. We continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology, as well as making acquisitions that align with our business strategy. 

We expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years to support growth in our cloud offerings. We will continue to invest in research and development to enhance our IT capabilities, ensuring we remain competitive in a rapidly evolving market landscape.