We believe the architecture of our platform offers superior performance compared to legacy approaches and reduces the total cost of ownership for organizations by simplifying their security operations and infrastructure and eliminating the need for multiple, stand-alone hardware and software security products. Our platform enables our end-customers to pursue transformative digital initiatives, like public cloud and mobility, that grow their business, while maintaining the visibility and control needed to protect their valued data and critical control systems. We continue to invest in innovation as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our platform, as we believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products is essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. Our growth reflects the increased adoption of our hybrid SaaS revenue model, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support. We believe this model will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. While these areas present significant opportunities for us, they also pose challenges and risks that we must successfully address in order to sustain the growth of our business and improve our operating results. Our subscription and support revenue is derived primarily from sales of our subscription and support offerings, and we expect our subscription and support revenue to vary from quarter to quarter and increase over the long term as we introduce new subscriptions, renew existing subscription and support contracts, and expand our installed end-customer base. We expect our cost of subscription and support revenue to increase as our installed end-customer base grows and adoption of our cloud-based subscription offerings increases. Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expense, with personnel costs being the most significant component. We expect operating expenses to increase in absolute dollars and decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. Research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs, and we expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our future products and services. We continue to thoughtfully invest in headcount and have substantially grown our sales presence internationally. Our sales and marketing expense consists primarily of personnel costs, including commission expense, and we expect sales and marketing expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we increase the size of our sales and marketing organizations to increase touch points with end-customers and to expand our international presence. We believe that our cash flow from operations with existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, and the introduction of new and enhanced products and subscription and support offerings. We may also choose to seek additional equity or debt financing, and if we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected.