We are building a future on a new category of smoke-free products that, while not risk free, are a much better choice than continuing to smoke. Through multidisciplinary capabilities in product development, state-of-the-art facilities and scientific substantiation, we aim to ensure that our smoke-free products meet adult consumer preferences and rigorous regulatory requirements. Our marketing, administration and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products (including general corporate expenses), and costs incurred to develop new products. The most significant components of our marketing, administration and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates and the mix of products we sell. The change in our net revenues from the comparable 2018 amount was driven by a favorable pricing variance, notably in Germany, Indonesia, Japan, the Philippines and Turkey; and favorable volume/mix, mainly driven by heated tobacco unit and IQOS device volume in the EU and Russia, and heated tobacco unit volume in Japan, partly offset by unfavorable volume/mix of cigarettes, notably in Australia, the EU, Indonesia, Japan and Russia. The currency-neutral growth in net revenues of 3.8% came despite the unfavorable impact of $763 million, predominantly resulting from the deconsolidation of our Canadian subsidiary, Rothmans, Benson & Hedges, Inc. Effective March 22, 2019, we deconsolidated RBH and will account for our continuing investment in RBH as an equity security, without readily determinable fair value. Following the judgment in the two Québec smoking and health class actions, RBH obtained an initial order from the Ontario Superior Court of Justice granting it protection under the Companies' Creditors Arrangement Act, which is a Canadian federal law that permits a Canadian business to restructure its affairs while carrying on its business in the ordinary course with minimal disruption to its customers, suppliers and employees. The administration of the CCAA process removes certain elements of control of the business from both PMI and RBH. The unfavorable currency impact during 2019 results from the fluctuations of the U.S. dollar, especially against the euro, Russian ruble and Turkish lira. This unfavorable currency movement has impacted our profitability across our primary revenue markets and local currency cost bases. The increase in diluted EPS from our operations was due primarily to favorable pricing and lower manufacturing costs, partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix and higher marketing, administration and research costs. Our cigarettes are sold in more than 180 markets, and in many of these markets they hold the number one or number two market share position. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. We manage our business in six operating segments, which include European Union, Eastern Europe, Middle East & Africa, South & Southeast Asia, East Asia & Australia, and Latin America & Canada, which includes transactions under license with Altria Group, Inc. for the distribution of our Platform 1 product in the United States.