The company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, focused research projects and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience. The increase in operating income was primarily due to profit on higher sales, the gain on the sale of the anatomical pathology business and, to a lesser extent, productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases. The company recorded restructuring and other income, net, including net gains on the sale of businesses, principally the anatomical pathology business. The company also recorded charges to cost of revenues primarily for the sale of inventories revalued at the date of acquisition, and net charges to selling, general and administrative expenses, principally transaction and integration-related costs related to acquisitions and a divestiture. In addition, the company recorded cash restructuring charges, net, primarily for employee severance and abandoned facilities costs associated with the closure and consolidation of facilities in the U.S. and Europe. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future. The company has operations and a taxable presence in approximately 50 countries outside the U.S. The company's ability to obtain a benefit from lower tax rates outside the U.S. is dependent on its relative levels of income in countries outside the U.S. and on the statutory tax rates in those countries. The company uses its non-U.S. cash for needs outside of the U.S. including acquisitions and repayment of acquisition-related intercompany debt to the U.S. The company also transfers cash to the U.S. using non-taxable returns of capital as well as dividends where the related U.S. dividend received deduction or foreign tax credit equals any tax cost arising from the dividends. The company has not provided U.S. state income taxes or additional non-U.S. taxes on certain of its non-U.S. subsidiaries' undistributed earnings, as such amounts are intended to be reinvested outside the United States indefinitely in the respective jurisdictions based on specific business plans and tax strategies. The company's discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations is based upon its financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosure of contingent liabilities. The company evaluates its estimates, including those related to intangible assets and goodwill, income taxes and contingencies and litigation. The company believes the following represent its critical accounting policies and estimates used in the preparation of its financial statements. The company uses assumptions and estimates in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. The determination of the fair value of intangible assets requires the use of significant judgment with regard to the fair value and whether such intangibles are amortizable or non-amortizable. The company estimates the fair value of acquisition-related intangible assets principally based on projections of cash flows that will arise from identifiable intangible assets of acquired businesses. The projected cash flows are discounted to determine the present value of the assets at the dates of acquisition. The company reviews definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when indication of potential impairment exists, such as a significant reduction in cash flows associated with the assets.