The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. We design, develop, manufacture, lease, and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, solar energy generation systems, and energy storage products. We also offer maintenance, installation, operation, and other services related to our products. We achieved annual vehicle delivery and production records and laid the groundwork for our next phase of growth with the commencement of production at Gigafactory Shanghai and preparations for Model Y production. We continued to enhance our user experience through improved autopilot and FSD features and expanded in-car entertainment options. We streamlined traditionally complex ordering, permitting, installation, and back-end service processes to enhance the customer experience, especially for retrofit solar installations. Our solar deployments grew significantly in the second half of the year, and we further evolved our product offerings by launching the third generation of the solar roof and Megapack. A key focus will be our efforts towards establishing and expanding capacity for vehicle production across three continents. We expect to increase production capacity through the installation of additional equipment. We have commenced construction of the next phase of Gigafactory Shanghai to add Model Y manufacturing capacity. Achieving increased total vehicle production cost-effectively will require timely addressing of bottlenecks, establishing sustained supplier capacity, and utilizing manufacturing processes at planned maximum output rates. We are generating demand and new customers even without traditional marketing, and production at Gigafactory Shanghai allows us to offer competitive pricing and drive further demand in the world's largest market for mid-sized premium sedans. We are expanding and investing in our servicing and charging locations and capabilities to keep pace with our customer vehicle fleet. We expect to continue to grow our retrofit solar system deployments through compelling financing options. We are focused on training our personnel and third-party partners to ramp installations of our solar roof and are hiring rapidly for its ongoing manufacturing ramp. Our capital expenditures are difficult to project beyond the short term, given the number and breadth of our core projects. We continuously evaluate and adjust our capital expenditures based on our manufacturing plans and the pace of current projects. We expect operating expenses as a percentage of revenue to continue to decrease as we focus on increasing operational efficiency and process automation. Our efforts to scale down and optimize our cost structure relative to the size of our business have already manifested in total operating expenses decreasing from fiscal year 2018 to fiscal year 2019, while total revenues increased significantly. We are subject to federal and state taxes in the U.S. and in many foreign jurisdictions, and significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. We evaluate our relationships with variable interest entities on an ongoing basis to ensure that we continue to be the primary beneficiary. We expect that our current sources of liquidity together with our projection of cash flows from operating activities will provide us with adequate liquidity over at least the next 12 months. We may need or want to raise additional funds in the future, and these funds may not be available when we need them.