We invest in manufacturing technologies and do most of our manufacturing in-house. This strategic decision to directly control our manufacturing helps ensure a consistent supply of products for our customers and also allows us to invest in technology that differentiates the features of our products. Our strategic focus, and where we invest the majority of our resources, is on analog and embedded processing, with a particular emphasis on designing and selling those products into the industrial and automotive markets. We believe these markets represent the best growth opportunities over the next decade or longer, due to increasing semiconductor content. Additionally, analog and embedded processing products sold into industrial and automotive markets provide long product life cycles, intrinsic diversity and less capital-intensive manufacturing, which we believe offer stability, profitability and strong cash generation. Our business model is designed around the following four sustainable competitive advantages that we believe, in combination, put us in a unique class of companies: a strong foundation of manufacturing and technology, a broad portfolio of differentiated analog and embedded processing products, reach of market channels, and diversity and longevity of our products, markets and customer positions. Our web presence and global sales and applications team are advantages that give us unique access and insight to about 100,000 customers designing TI semiconductors into their end products. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. Our cash flow from operations of $6.65 billion underscored the strength of our business model. Free cash flow was $5.80 billion and represented 40.3% of revenue, up from 38.4% a year ago. During 2019, we returned $5.97 billion to shareholders through a combination of stock repurchases and dividends. Our strategy is to return all free cash flow to shareholders. Our dividends represented 52% of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability. Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. Together, these products and markets represent highly diverse opportunities with thousands of applications and long-term growth potential. Our focus on creating a competitive manufacturing cost advantage by investing in our advanced analog 300-millimeter capacity, which has about a 40% cost advantage per unpackaged chip over 200-millimeter, strengthens our operational efficiency. We believe that free cash flow will be valued only if it is productively invested in the business or returned to shareholders. The combined effect of our ambitions, business model and sustainable competitive advantages is that we have continued to build a stronger company. Over time, we have gained market share in analog and embedded processing and grown and returned all free cash flow to our owners. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our strategic decisions regarding resource allocation and investment in technology capabilities are critical to maintaining our competitive positioning and enhancing our operational flexibility in a rapidly changing market environment.