Visa is a global payments technology company that enables fast, secure, and reliable electronic payments across more than 200 countries and territories. Our advanced transaction processing network, Visanet, enables authorization, clearing, and settlement of payment transactions and allows us to provide our financial institution and merchant clients a wide range of products, platforms, and value-added services. Our business performance during fiscal 2019 reflects continued global consumer spending growth amidst uneven global economic conditions. We recorded net revenues of $23.0 billion for fiscal 2019, an increase of 11% over the prior year, primarily reflecting continued growth in nominal payments volume, nominal cross-border volume, and processed transactions. We continue to invest in growing our business, which is driven by higher personnel and marketing expenses. Our financial results reflect the impact of certain significant items that we do not believe are indicative of our ongoing operating performance. The increase in net revenues in fiscal 2019 reflects the continued growth in nominal payments volume, nominal cross-border volume, and processed transactions. Our net revenues are impacted by the overall strengthening or weakening of the U.S. dollar as payments volume and related revenues denominated in local currencies are converted to U.S. dollars. The increase in revenues was partially offset by increases in client incentives in fiscal 2019. Data processing revenues are earned for authorization, clearing, settlement, value-added services, network access, and other maintenance and support services that facilitate transaction and information processing among our clients globally. We expect to continue investing in technology assets and payments system infrastructure to support our digital solutions and core business initiatives. Our capital expenditures increased during fiscal 2019 due to investments in technology, infrastructure, and growth initiatives. We believe that cash flow generated from operations, in conjunction with access to our other sources of liquidity, will be more than sufficient to meet our ongoing operational needs. Our treasury policies provide management with the guidelines and authority to manage liquidity risk in a manner consistent with our corporate objectives. We maintain a commercial paper program to support our working capital requirements and for other general corporate purposes. We have an unsecured $5.0 billion revolving credit facility which expires on July 25, 2024. Our investment portfolio is designed to invest cash in securities which enables us to meet our working capital and liquidity needs. We have policies that limit the amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution or type of investment. We are parties to legal and regulatory proceedings with respect to a variety of matters, including certain litigation that we refer to as the U.S. covered litigation. Our business is affected by overall economic conditions and consumer spending. The increase in operating expenses for fiscal 2019 was primarily driven by higher personnel and marketing as we continue to invest in growing our business. Our business performance reflects the ongoing worldwide shift to electronic payments. We expect a decision by the district court regarding the amended settlement agreement in the first half of calendar year 2020. Our effective income tax rate differs from the effective tax rate in fiscal 2018 primarily due to a decrease in federal statutory tax rate as a result of the Tax Act. We will continue to assess our liquidity position and potential sources of supplemental liquidity in view of our operating performance, current economic and capital market conditions, and other relevant circumstances.