The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have materially affected how we and our customers are operating our businesses, and the duration and extent to which this will impact our future results of operations and overall financial performance remains uncertain. The pandemic may have long-term effects on the nature of the office environment and remote working, presenting operational challenges that may adversely affect our business. We have shifted all of our in-person customer events to virtual-only experiences, which may not be as successful as in-person events. Additionally, our operations have begun to be negatively affected by a range of external factors related to the pandemic that are not within our control. The extent of the impact from the pandemic depends on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this time, such as the duration and spread of the pandemic and the effectiveness of containment actions. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively, our business will be harmed. Our competitive position and results of operations could be harmed if we do not compete effectively. The markets for our products and services are characterized by intense competition, evolving distribution models, and disruptive technology developments. Our future success will depend on our continued ability to enhance and integrate our existing products and services, introduce new products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, and meet changing customer expectations and needs. Furthermore, the introduction of new technology could harm our business and results of operations. We rely on data centers managed both by Adobe and third parties to host and deliver our services, and any interruptions or delays in these hosted services could expose us to liability and harm our business and reputation. A disruption, infiltration, or failure of these systems in the event of a major earthquake, fire, flood, or other catastrophic event could cause system interruptions, reputational harm, and loss of critical data. Our corporate headquarters and critical business operations are located in areas vulnerable to catastrophic events, which could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations. Climate-related events have the potential to disrupt our business and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses, and additional costs to maintain or resume operations. We believe that a critical contributor to our success has been our corporate culture, which fosters innovation, teamwork, and employee satisfaction. However, as we grow, we may find it difficult to maintain important aspects of our corporate culture, which could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel essential to our future success. Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, make strategic investments, or integrate acquired businesses effectively may also be impaired by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and other external pressures. We face various risks associated with operating as a multinational corporation, including foreign currency fluctuations and compliance with complex laws and regulations globally, which may harm our business. The ongoing pandemic has led to increased disruption and volatility in capital markets, which could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources in the future.