Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks that may cause future results to differ from current expectations. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events, including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans and procedures may not be successful in preventing or mitigating the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. The global environment grows increasingly hostile as attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity, and sophistication, and we are regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics, code, and viruses. We have programs and processes in place to prevent, detect, and respond to data or cybersecurity incidents. However, the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information and client funds, devoting significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. We implemented our business continuity plan and took steps to shift over 98% of our workforce to work from home or off-site locations to ensure uninterrupted service to our clients across our solutions. Our efforts have been focused on providing information and tools to help clients understand and navigate governmental relief adopted globally, including an employer preparedness toolkit that helps explain federal and state government relief. We rolled out a range of tools and reports to help our clients through the crisis and prepare for recovery, implementing over 1,000 feature changes to our products in response to 2,000 legislative updates in 60 countries. The significant impact the COVID-19 pandemic is having on our clients and the broader economy is in turn affecting our reported metrics. We remain on a transformation journey, and our initiatives are yielding efficiencies and are focused on changing how we work. We have been undertaking certain transformation initiatives designed to streamline our organization, extend our world-class distribution, and strengthen our talent and culture, while supporting our revenue growth, margin improvement, and productivity. Our business model is highly cash generative with low capital intensity, allowing us to absorb the impact of downturns and remain steadfast in our reinvestments and commitments to shareholder-friendly actions. We generate sufficient free cash flow to satisfy our cash dividend and modest debt obligations. Our financial condition remains solid, and we are well-positioned to support our associates and clients. The COVID-19 outbreak has created significant volatility and uncertainty and economic and financial market disruption, impacting our ability to sell and provide our solutions and services. The challenges presented by COVID-19 may affect the timing of our execution of parts of our strategy. We will continue to monitor macro trends based on externally and internally available data and are using these indicators to drive real-time decisions as we remain committed to our long-term strategy.