The COVID-19 pandemic, and the public and governmental effort to mitigate against the spread of the disease, have had, and are expected to continue to have, an adverse effect on our clinical trials, operations, supply chains, distribution systems, product development, product sales, business and results of operations. Our ability to perform critical functions and maintain operations have been adversely affected and could continue to be adversely affected as a result of such workforce restrictions, and the COVID-19-related support programs we have put into place for our staff, suppliers and customers have increased, and are expected to continue to increase, our operating expenses and reduce the efficiency of our operations. Disruptions in public and private infrastructure, including transportation and supply chains, have adversely affected, and continue to adversely affect, the efficiency of our business operations. The transition of the majority of our workforce to a remote work environment in response to COVID-19 has exacerbated certain risks to our business, including those associated with an increased demand for information technology resources and increased risk of cybersecurity attacks. The pandemic may also result in greater regulatory uncertainty, including delays in receiving regulatory advice, reviews of applications, or performance of inspections required for approvals. We have activated our applicable business continuity plans, including suspending U.S. in-person meetings and interactions with the healthcare community and professionals in a substantial number of states. Our operations and performance have been, and may continue to be, affected by global economic conditions. The economic downturn resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic has precipitated a global recession which may be of an extended duration. Financial pressures may cause government or other third-party payers to more aggressively seek cost containment measures. As a result of global economic conditions, some third-party payers may delay or be unable to satisfy their reimbursement obligations. Job losses or other economic hardships may also affect patients' ability to afford health care as a result of increased co-pay or deductible obligations, greater cost sensitivity to existing co-pay or deductible obligations, lost healthcare insurance coverage or for other reasons. We believe such conditions have led and could continue to lead to reduced demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. Our strategy includes integrated activities intended to maintain and strengthen our competitive position in the industry. We focus on six commercial areas and conduct discovery research primarily in three therapeutic areas. We have continued to advance our pipeline and broaden our international reach, particularly in the Asia Pacific region. Our approach to, and investment in, human capital resource management is directed at attracting, motivating and retaining talent to tackle the challenges of running an enterprise focused on the discovery, development, and commercialization of innovative medicines. Our compensation, benefits and development programs are designed to encourage performance, promote accountability and adherence to company values. We also believe that a diverse and inclusive culture fosters innovation, which supports our ability to serve patients. Our long-term success depends to a great extent on our ability to continue to discover, develop and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must develop new products to achieve revenue growth and to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or when competing products are launched. Rising healthcare costs and uncertain economic conditions continue to pose challenges to our business, including increasing pressure by third-party payers to reduce healthcare expenditures.