The effects of the pandemic have adversely affected our businesses and results of operations, with the duration and future impacts on the economy remaining uncertain. Continued adverse macroeconomic conditions could result in potential downgrades to our credit ratings, negative impacts to regulatory capital and liquidity, and further restrictions on dividends and/or common stock repurchases. If we become unable to operate our businesses from remote locations due to failures in our information technology infrastructure or governmental restrictions, this could adversely affect our business continuity status and result in disruption. We rely on third parties who could experience adverse effects on their business continuity, increasing our risks and adversely impacting our businesses. The pandemic may cause prolonged negative economic conditions or longer-lasting effects on economic conditions, which could materially adversely affect our businesses. We continue to monitor the pandemic and related risks as they evolve globally and in the U.S. Our risk management framework is designed to minimize risk and loss, and we employ a broad set of controls and risk mitigation techniques. We have experienced increased operational, reputational, and compliance risk due to the need to rapidly implement multiple pandemic relief programs, coupled with the transition of our workforce to a work-from-home posture. Our liquidity risk management objective is to meet expected or unexpected cash flow and collateral needs while continuing to support our businesses and customers under a range of economic conditions. We analyze and monitor our liquidity risk under expected and stressed conditions, maintaining liquidity and access to diverse funding sources. Our contingency funding plans outline potential responses to liquidity stress events at various levels of severity, including monitoring, escalation, and actions designed to enable us to increase capital and access funding sources. We have developed and continue to enhance processes to embed climate risk considerations into our risk framework and risk management programs. The financial impacts of climate risk can lead to and amplify credit risk, and physical risks can diminish borrowers' repayment capacity or collateral values. Our strategic plan is consistent with our risk appetite and capital plan, addressing strategic risks and ensuring that risks are appropriately considered and evaluated. We have established protocols to manage reputational risk, which may arise from various activities, including compliance failures, security breaches, and the handling of health emergencies. Our governance framework establishes oversight of climate risk practices and strategies by the board and management-level committees. We have implemented various consumer and commercial loan modification programs to provide relief from the economic impacts of COVID-19, and we have seen a decline in the need for customer assistance as the number of customer accounts and balances on deferral decreased significantly. The provision for credit losses increased significantly due to the deterioration in the economic outlook resulting from the impact of COVID-19. Our ability to manage risk is dependent on our ability to consistently execute all elements of our risk management program and develop a culture of managing risk well throughout the corporation.