The covid-19 pandemic has materially adversely affected, and may further adversely impact, our business and financial performance. In response to the outbreak, many governments around the world have implemented a variety of measures to reduce the spread of covid-19, including travel restrictions and bans, which have forced many partners on whom our business relies to seek government support to continue operating or to cease operations entirely. These measures have materially adversely affected consumer sentiment and discretionary spending patterns, economies and financial markets, and our workforce, operations and customers. The pandemic has resulted in a material decrease in consumer spending and an unprecedented decline in travel and restaurant activities. Our financial results and prospects are almost entirely dependent on the sale of travel-related services, and our results for the year ended December 31, 2020, were significantly and negatively impacted, with a material decline in gross bookings, room nights booked, total revenues, net income, and cash flow from operations compared to 2019. We undertook restructuring activities at all of our brands, which included reducing the size of our workforce to optimize efficiency and reduce costs, and we expect these actions to result in annualized cost savings of approximately $370 million in personnel-related expenses. We have also been working with travelers and our travel service provider partners to deal with reservation cancellations and other disruptions arising from the impact of the pandemic. The impacts of the covid-19 pandemic are wide-ranging and affect all aspects of our business. We anticipate that we will continue to make decisions and take actions to address the impacts of the pandemic on our business, including additional efforts to reduce costs while preserving our ability to offer valuable services to consumers and partners when the industry recovers. We have participated in several government aid programs, including employee wage support programs, and have taken steps to improve our liquidity, including raising additional capital through the issuance of senior notes and convertible senior notes. The uncertain and highly competitive environment in which we operate makes the prediction of future results of operations difficult, and accordingly, we may not be able to return to the levels of revenue growth and profitability we experienced prior to the covid-19 pandemic. Our ability to successfully manage the restructurings is critical, as the anticipated efficiencies and cost savings may be delayed or not realized. We believe that our existing cash balances and liquid resources will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures, and other obligations through at least the next twelve months. However, whether as a result of the covid-19 pandemic or otherwise, if we are not successful in generating sufficient cash flow from operations or in raising additional capital when required, we may be required to reduce our planned capital expenditures and scale back the scope of our business plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and future growth prospects. The covid-19 pandemic has heightened many of the risks identified in our risk factors, including the risk of increased credit losses on receivables from our travel service provider and restaurant partners. The pandemic may continue to adversely affect our business and financial performance, and we expect to see volatility in cancellation rates due to any resurgences of the pandemic leading to reinstituted or additional travel restrictions.