The COVID-19 pandemic is affecting how we operate our business, and if the negative impact from the pandemic extends beyond our assumed timelines, our results may be worse than expected. The full extent of the impact will depend on future developments, including the ultimate duration and severity of the spread of COVID-19, the effectiveness of government mitigation actions, and the pandemic's impact on the U.S. and global economies. Although we currently do not anticipate any disruption to the supply of our medicines due to COVID-19, it is possible that we could experience manufacturing or supply issues in the future, which would increase the negative impact on our business and results of operations. We have started to re-engage in in-person interactions by our customer-facing personnel in healthcare settings, but if it is deemed unsafe, we will likely return to a remote model of engagement, which could negatively impact our business. We continue to experience delays in the initiation and enrollment of patients in our clinical trials, and we may not be able to fully mitigate these delays, which could negatively impact the timing of our pipeline development programs and expected future revenues. The prolonged clinical trial delays could potentially have a significant negative effect on our business, particularly if new competitive products enter the market. We cannot predict or reasonably estimate the impact of any potential long-term changes to the healthcare industry from COVID-19, including potential shifts in the U.S. payer channel mix due to changes in patient coverage from the current economic crisis. We may also experience additional pricing pressures and increased governmental regulation. The COVID-19 pandemic has increased the volatility of financial markets, foreign currency exchanges, and interest rates, and we could see a further reduction in revenues or other income if these trends continue. We are facing potential negative consequences stemming from the pandemic, including increased cyber threats and delays in planned integration milestones. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines, and we are in the process of integrating Celgene and Myokardia, which could impact our results of operations. The success of our acquisition of Celgene and our ability to realize anticipated benefits depend on how effectively we integrate the operations, products, and employees of both companies. Difficulties in integration could adversely affect our business, including causing a failure to meet demand for our products. We are also subject to various legal proceedings and claims that could preclude or delay the commercialization of our products or adversely affect our operations and profitability. We have established a company-wide policy concerning our sales to direct customers to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements, which includes monitoring and limiting sales based on expected demand. Our ability to adapt to these challenges and maintain operational flexibility is critical for sustaining our organizational resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptions.