The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and will likely continue to have, a material adverse effect on our businesses and results of operations. The impacts of COVID-19 and measures to prevent its spread across the globe have impacted our businesses in a number of ways. We expect the results of operations at our theme parks will continue to be negatively impacted in the near to medium term. The deterioration of economic conditions caused by COVID-19 resulted in significant reductions in advertising spend by our customers in the cable networks and broadcast television segments. The creation and availability of our film and television programming globally have been disrupted, including as a result of the postponement or cancellation of sporting events, theatrical closures, and the suspension of entertainment content production. We expect any continued deterioration of global economic conditions would result in lower advertising revenues and consumer spending across our businesses. Our distribution network performed well under the stress of increased traffic and peak usage driven by increased video streaming, gaming, and videoconferencing as customers worked and learned remotely from home. We implemented programs under which we elected to waive certain fees and to not disconnect internet, voice, or wireless services for customers for nonpayment, providing customers a variety of flexible and extended payment options. The deterioration of economic conditions and increased economic uncertainty resulting from COVID-19 have resulted in reduced demand for certain of our residential and business services and reduced spending from advertisers. We expect COVID-19 likely will continue to negatively impact advertising spend and consumer demand for our services. Our businesses implemented separate cost savings initiatives, with the most significant relating to severance at NBCUniversal in connection with the realignment of the operating structure in our television businesses. We do not anticipate significant incremental costs to be incurred under these plans, and payments related to NBCUniversal employee severance are expected to be completed in 2021. The ability of our businesses to compete effectively also depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, business partners, employees, investors, and government authorities. We believe that our customer base will continue to grow as consumers choose our high-speed internet service and seek higher-speed offerings. The success of our theme parks and theatrical releases largely depend on consumer demand for out-of-home entertainment experiences, which may be limited by weakened economic conditions. We expect to incur significant additional pre-opening costs ahead of the expected opening of Universal Beijing Resort in 2021. Our programming expenses may also increase as we add programming to our video services or distribute existing programming to more of our customers. The impacts of COVID-19 on our businesses also generally depend on the extent of restrictive governmental measures taken that affect day-to-day life and the length of time that such measures remain in place. We expect the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations over the near to medium term, although the extent of such impact will depend on various factors including the widespread availability of a vaccine. The risk of systems-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify in many of our businesses, and our businesses may be at a disproportionately heightened risk of these events occurring, due to the nature of our businesses and because we maintain certain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form.