We face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses, including market uncertainty or lack of confidence among investors and CEOs due to declines in economic activity and other unfavorable economic, geopolitical, or market conditions. Our liquidity, profitability, and businesses may be adversely affected by an inability to access the debt capital markets or to sell assets. A failure in our operational systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, as well as human error, malfeasance, or other misconduct, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, and cause losses. We may incur losses as a result of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including pandemics, terrorist attacks, extreme weather events, or other natural disasters. Climate change concerns could disrupt our businesses, adversely affect client activity levels, adversely affect the creditworthiness of our counterparties, and damage our reputation. Our businesses, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations have been and may in the future be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The unpredictability of the trajectory of the COVID-19 pandemic has significantly diminished visibility into the future operating environment. A sustained period of weak economic conditions as a result of the pandemic would be detrimental to our businesses as it would negatively affect factors that are important to our operating performance, such as the level of client activity, creditworthiness of counterparties and borrowers, and the amount of our assets under supervision. We have continued to successfully execute on our business continuity planning strategy since initially activating it in the first quarter of 2020 in response to the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our priority has been to safeguard our employees and to seek to ensure continuity of business operations on behalf of our clients. Our systems and infrastructure have been robust throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, enabling us to conduct our activities without disruption. We continue to maintain regular and active communication among our senior management, the rest of our employees, and the board, and our decision-making processes have remained disciplined and rigorous throughout the pandemic. We have maintained our proactive approach to managing market risk levels, which entails ongoing review and monitoring of exposures and focusing on ways to mitigate risk. Our risk positions remained balanced, controlled, and adequately provisioned for, both in terms of counterparty risk and sector exposure. We have remained highly focused on monitoring of credit exposures and management of margin calls and disputes. Our operational risk management framework is designed to ensure our business and operational resilience. The firmwide operational risk and resilience committee is responsible for overseeing operational risk and ensuring our business and operational resilience. Our operational risk management framework is in part designed to comply with the operational risk measurement rules under the capital framework and has evolved based on the changing needs of our businesses and regulatory guidance. We have established policies that require all employees to report and escalate operational risk events. Our approach for risk identification and assessment is comprehensive across all risk types, is dynamic and forward-looking to reflect and adapt to our changing risk profile and business environment, and allows for prioritization of our most critical risks.