Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. The manner in which we respond to future developments, as well as our competitors' reactions to those developments, may affect our future operating results. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant economic instability and uncertainty and has had a negative impact on our small business results, as a significant number of small businesses have closed or scaled back their offerings. The severity and duration of the pandemic's impact on our operational and financial performance are uncertain and will depend on many factors beyond our control. Changes to our business operations and the operations of our third-party partners have introduced new security and execution risks that could cause us to experience substantial financial losses and harm our revenues and earnings. Potential disruption of services on which we rely to deliver our services to our customers could prevent us or our service providers from delivering critical services to our customers or accepting and fulfilling customer orders, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business or reputation. We face intense competitive pressures that may harm our operating results. Our ability to adapt to technological changes and global trends is critical, as we must continue to innovate and develop new products and features to meet changing customer needs. The complexity of resuming operations in our offices could introduce new execution risks, and we may experience longer-term disruptions to our operations. Our business operations, data centers, information technology, and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, human error, malicious attacks, and health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. We continue to invest in security measures and work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against fraud. Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. We have also modified our business practices in connection with the pandemic, and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, or third-party partners. The risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data are significant, and we are continually investing resources to update and improve our internal information technology systems and software platforms. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our customers depend upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. We cannot predict how long any measures taken in response to the pandemic will be in place and whether we would reimplement or enhance any such measures in one or more locations. The risks inherent in our international operations and expansion increase our costs of doing business internationally and may result in harm to our business, operating results, and financial condition. We are subject to various legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory inquiries that have arisen out of the ordinary conduct of our business, and any proceedings, claims, or inquiries initiated by or against us may divert significant management resources and harm our business.