The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and we expect will continue to have, certain negative impacts on our business, and such impacts have had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We are accelerating our business strategy and are taking certain actions to address challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic and deliver on our commitment to emerge stronger from this crisis. These actions include focusing investments on a defined growth portfolio by prioritizing brands best positioned for consumer reach; streamlining the innovation pipeline through initiatives that are scalable regionally or globally; refreshing our marketing approach; and investing in new capabilities to capitalize on emerging shifts in consumer behaviors that we anticipate may last beyond this crisis. We have developed systemwide knowledge-sharing routines and processes, which include the management of any supply chain challenges. Our priorities during the COVID-19 pandemic and related business disruption are ensuring the health and safety of our employees; supporting and making a difference in the communities we serve; keeping our brands in supply and maintaining the quality and safety of our products; serving our customers across all channels as they adapt to the shifting demands of consumers during the crisis; and positioning ourselves to emerge stronger when this crisis ends. We believe that we will come out of this situation a better and stronger company. We identified the following key objectives to navigate the pandemic and position us to emerge stronger: winning more consumers; gaining market share; maintaining strong system economics; strengthening stakeholder impact; and equipping the organization to win. We leveraged the crisis as a catalyst to accelerate our strategy and to begin to deliver against these objectives by focusing on optimizing our portfolio of strong global, regional, and scaled local brands; establishing a disciplined innovation framework; increasing consumer-centric marketing effectiveness and efficiency; strengthening data-driven revenue growth management and execution capabilities; enhancing system collaboration and capturing supply chain efficiencies; and evolving our organization and investing in new capabilities to support the accelerated strategy. We have taken measures to protect our employees and facilities around the world, which efforts have included checking the temperature of employees when they enter our facilities, requiring employees to wear masks and other protective clothing as appropriate, and implementing additional cleaning and sanitization routines. Actions we have taken or may take, or decisions we have made or may make, as a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic may result in legal claims or litigation against us. The resumption of normal business operations after the disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic may be delayed or constrained by the pandemic's lingering effects on our bottling partners, consumers, suppliers, and/or third-party service providers. We believe that improved productivity is essential to achieving our long-term growth objectives and, therefore, a leading priority of our company is to continuously search for productivity opportunities in our business. We must continue to enhance our core capabilities of consumer marketing, commercial leadership, and franchise leadership to support our ability to emerge stronger from the COVID-19 pandemic. The financial health and success of our bottling partners are critical components of the company's success. We work with our bottling partners to identify processes that enable us to quickly achieve scale and efficiencies, and we share best practices throughout the bottling system. Our organizational structure is designed to combine the power of scale with the deep knowledge required to win locally.