We may be unable to adapt our business concept in a rapidly evolving retail environment to address the changing shopping habits, demands, and demographics of our customers, or realize the intended benefits of organizational change initiatives. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, improve and maintain our stores, and implement change, growth, and productivity initiatives successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share, and results of operations. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed, and provide a consistent customer experience. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands has required us to deliver large, complex programs requiring integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives have required and will continue to require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees, and contractors have had to and will need to continue to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times, delivery costs, and delivery options depends on many factors, including successful implementation and the continued maintenance of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omni-channel experience, and we must anticipate and meet our customers' expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. The covid-19 pandemic has affected and is expected to continue to affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We implemented a number of initiatives to facilitate a safer store environment throughout the year, including supporting social distancing and enhancing cleaning procedures. We invested nearly $1.3 billion in covid-related support for our associates, store safety, and communities. Our company has been committed to protecting the health and safety of our associates and customers through a safe store environment and shopping experience, financially supporting our associates during this challenging time, and providing support for our community. We believe our total home strategy will enhance customer engagement and grow market share by intensifying our focus on the pro customer, expanding our online business, modernizing installation services, improving localization efforts, and elevating our product assortment. We have many competitors who could take sales and market share from us if we fail to execute our merchandising, marketing, and distribution strategies effectively. Our ability to manage and maintain our relationships with selected suppliers of brand name products is critical to our business success. If our domestic or international supply chain or our fulfillment network for our products is ineffective or disrupted, our results of operations could be adversely affected. We may not be able to realize the benefits of our strategic initiatives focused on omni-channel sales and marketing presence if we fail to deliver the capabilities required to execute on them. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our management information systems are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. Cyber-attacks and tactics designed to gain access to and exploit sensitive information are constantly evolving, and high-profile security breaches have occurred in recent years. Our business and our reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect customer, employee, vendor, or company information.