The global COVID-19 pandemic and containment measures taken in response to it have adversely impacted our business, results of operations, and financial condition, and may continue to do so depending on future developments, which are uncertain. The outbreak has significantly increased economic uncertainty, resulting in governments implementing measures that have impacted consumers and businesses. These measures have adversely impacted our workforce and operations, as well as the operations of our customers, suppliers, and business partners. The extent to which current measures are removed or new measures are put in place will depend on how the pandemic evolves. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused us to modify our business practices, and we may take further actions as required by government authorities or that are in the best interests of our employees, customers, and business partners. We have experienced declines in our key metrics compared to historical periods, primarily due to travel restrictions and stay-at-home orders implemented by governments across the globe. The uncertainty that could result from such events could decrease cross-border activity, which could decrease the revenue we receive. Our operations as a global payments network rely in part on global interoperable standards to help facilitate safe and simple payments. To the extent geopolitical events result in jurisdictions no longer participating in the creation or adoption of these standards, or the creation of competing standards, the products and services we offer could be negatively impacted. Our ability to develop and adopt new services and technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide solutions and standards, and by resistance from customers or merchants to such changes. Our ability to keep pace technologically could negatively impact the willingness of customers to work with us and could encourage them to use their own technology and compete against us. Information security incidents or account data compromise events could disrupt our business, damage our reputation, increase our costs, and cause losses. The advent of the global COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a significant rise in these types of threats due to a significant portion of our workforce working from home in a mostly remote environment. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential, proprietary, and other information in our computer systems and networks. We believe that we are likely to continue to be a target of such threats and attacks. Despite various mitigation efforts that we undertake, there can be no assurance that we will be immune to these risks and not suffer material breaches and resulting losses in the future. We maintain an enterprise resiliency program to analyze risk, assess potential impacts, and develop effective response strategies. However, any interruption or degradation of our services could adversely affect the perception of the reliability of products carrying our brands and materially adversely affect our overall business and results of operations. As we continue to develop integrated and personalized products and services to meet the needs of a changing marketplace, the speed and pace of change may not allow us to meet rapidly evolving expectations. Failure to attract, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly qualified and diverse employee talent, or to maintain a corporate culture that fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork could harm our overall business and results of operations.