The COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our business operations, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. Our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity or data recovery problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability. The outbreak has adversely impacted and is likely to further adversely impact our workforce and operations and the operations of our clients, third-party vendors and business partners. We regularly assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity, disaster recovery and data recovery plans and key management succession. The risk of business disruption is more pronounced in certain geographic areas, including major metropolitan centers, where we have significant operations. Our operations depend in particular upon our ability to protect our technology infrastructure against damage. If a business continuity event occurs, we could lose client or company data or experience interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients, which could have a material adverse effect. Such risks have increased significantly due to extended remote work accommodations as a result of COVID-19. We face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses, including from disintermediation, as our competitive landscape continues to evolve. Our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to develop and implement improvements in technology or respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change. We depend in large part on our technology systems for conducting business, as well as for providing the data and analytics we use to manage our business. Our business success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems that support our business processes and strategic initiatives in a cost and resource efficient manner. The threat comes from traditional players, such as insurers, through disintermediation as well as from new entrants, such as technology companies. We rely on a large number of vendors and other third parties to perform key functions of our business operations and to provide services to our clients. These vendors and third parties may act in ways that could harm our business. Our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity or data recovery problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability. We have a history of making acquisitions and investments, and the process of integrating the information systems of any businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk. We cannot guarantee that we are or will be in compliance with all current and potentially applicable U.S. federal and state or foreign laws and regulations, and actions by regulatory authorities or changes in legislation and regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business. The company strives to foster a culture in which our colleagues act with integrity and feel comfortable speaking up about potential misconduct. Our ability to attract and retain colleagues and clients is dependent upon our commitment to a diverse and inclusive workplace, trustworthiness, ethical business practices and other qualities. The ongoing impacts of COVID-19 may affect our ability to generate new business, our overall level of profitability and cash flow, and our liquidity due to a number of macroeconomic and operational factors. We face significant uninsured exposures arising from errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty and other claims. The loss of members of our senior management team or other key colleagues could have a material adverse effect on our business.