The company is subject to a number of risks that could materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition, or prospects. The global COVID-19 pandemic is having an adverse impact on the company's business, operations, and financial performance. The company believes that global health systems and patients have largely adapted to the impacts of COVID-19, but ongoing residual negative impacts are expected to persist, particularly during the first half of 2021. The uncertainty in global economic conditions together with cost-reduction measures being taken by certain governments could negatively affect the company's operating results. The company faces intense competition from lower-cost generic products and competitors' products, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. The company's success is dependent on the successful development and marketing of new products, which are subject to substantial risks. The company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and financial condition. The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications, computing infrastructure, and cloud service providers. In 2017, the company experienced a network cyber-attack that led to a disruption of its worldwide operations, including manufacturing, research, and sales operations. The company has implemented a variety of measures to enhance and modernize its systems to guard against similar attacks in the future, and is pursuing an enterprise-wide effort to enhance the company's resiliency against future cyber-attacks. The company is also exposed to market risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates, which could negatively affect its business, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications for existing products sufficient to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. Failure to do so in the short term or long term would have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition, and prospects. The company is subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations, and the costs of compliance with such laws and regulations, or the negative results of non-compliance, could adversely affect the business, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects of the company. The company must also navigate the complexities of regulatory approvals, which can be unpredictable and may affect its ability to market products. The company is involved in various claims and legal proceedings, including product liability, intellectual property, and commercial litigation, which could preclude commercialization of products or negatively affect the profitability of existing products. The company has established revenue hedging, balance sheet risk management, and net investment hedging programs to protect against volatility of future foreign currency cash flows and changes in fair value caused by changes in foreign exchange rates. The company actively monitors the business development landscape for growth opportunities that meet its strategic criteria, which includes the ability to adapt and respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations.