Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. The effects of the COVID-19 outbreak could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The effects of the public health crisis caused by the COVID-19 outbreak and the measures being taken to limit COVID-19's spread are uncertain and difficult to predict. The resumption of normal business operations after such interruptions may be delayed or constrained by lingering effects of COVID-19 on our team members, contractors, suppliers, third-party service providers, customers, or distributors. We are following government policies and recommendations designed to slow the spread of COVID-19 and remain committed to the health and safety of our team members, contractors, suppliers, customers, distributors, and communities. Our efforts to respond to the COVID-19 outbreak include health screenings, required physical distancing, established team separation protocols, and equipment upgrades at our facilities. We have evaluated our supply chain and communicated with our suppliers to identify supply gaps and taken steps to ensure continuity. In some cases, we have added alternative suppliers and increased our on-hand inventory of raw materials needed in our operations. We have added assembly and test capacity to provide redundant manufacturing capability through our network of captive operations and external partners. We are evaluating all our construction projects across our global manufacturing operations and enacting protocols to enhance the safety of our team members, suppliers, and contractors. We have developed strategies and are implementing measures to respond to a variety of potential economic scenarios, such as limitations on new hiring and business travel and reductions of discretionary spending. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower-cost manufacturing processes. Our inability to obtain equipment on a timely basis could adversely affect our ability to transition to next-generation manufacturing processes and reduce our costs. We maintain operations and continuously implement new product and process technology at manufacturing facilities, which are widely dispersed in multiple locations in several countries. From time to time, there have been disruptions in the manufacturing process as a result of power outages, improperly functioning equipment, disruptions in supply of raw materials or components, or equipment failures. Our manufacturing processes are also dependent on our relationships with third-party manufacturers and service providers. Difficulties in the manufacturing process or the effects from a shift in product mix can reduce yields or disrupt production and may increase our per gigabit manufacturing costs. We have manufacturing and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences such as severe weather and geological events, including earthquakes or tsunamis, that could disrupt operations. The events noted above have occurred from time to time in the past and may occur in the future. If production is disrupted for any reason, manufacturing yields may be adversely affected, or we may be unable to meet our customers' requirements and they may purchase products from other suppliers. This could result in a significant increase in manufacturing costs, loss of revenue, or damage to customer relationships. We believe these actions are appropriate and prudent to safeguard our team members, contractors, suppliers, customers, and communities while allowing us to safely continue operations, but we cannot predict how the steps we, our team members, government entities, suppliers, or customers take in response to the COVID-19 outbreak will ultimately impact our business, outlook, or results of operations.