We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected how we and our customers are operating our respective businesses, and the duration and extent to which this will impact our future results of operations and our overall financial performance remains uncertain. We are conducting business as usual with modifications to employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation of certain marketing events, among other modifications. We will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by federal, state, or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, suppliers, and stockholders. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic effectively, our business will be harmed. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances, intense competition, changing delivery models, and evolving standards characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings and support services in a timely manner, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our offerings. We have continued to refresh and release new offerings of our cloud products and services. If we do not continue to develop and release new or enhanced products and services within the anticipated time frames, or if there is a delay in market acceptance of and difficulty in transitioning new and existing customers to new, enhanced, or acquired product lines or services, our business may be adversely affected. Our cloud strategy may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. We provide our offerings to customers worldwide via deployment models that best suit their needs. As these business models continue to evolve, we may not be able to compete effectively, generate significant revenues, or maintain the profitability of our offerings. Additionally, the increasing prevalence of cloud delivery models may unfavorably impact the pricing of our offerings. We might experience significant coding, manufacturing, or configuration errors in our offerings. Errors in our products could affect their ability to function properly, integrate, or operate with other offerings, delay the development or release of new products or services, create security vulnerabilities, and adversely affect market acceptance. Our products and services may be accessed or modified improperly as a result of errors or malfeasance, which could lead to the compromise of personal information or confidential data. We are subject to various legal proceedings, and litigation can be lengthy, expensive, and disruptive to our operations. The results of our litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and an adverse decision could result in monetary damages or injunctive relief that could affect our business. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures, and contractual obligation requirements. We also believe that we could fund our future acquisitions, dividend payments, and repurchases of common stock or debt with our internally available cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings, or from the issuance of additional securities.