The COVID-19 pandemic has materially adversely affected our operations, supply chain, manufacturing, product distribution, and other business activities, leading to severe disruptions in the market and the global economy that may continue for a prolonged duration. In response, various governmental authorities and private enterprises have implemented numerous measures to contain the pandemic, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, and shutdowns. A significant number of our global suppliers, vendors, distributors, and manufacturing facilities are located in regions that have been affected by the pandemic, and those operations have been materially affected by restrictive government measures. As a result, some of our distributors and indirect channels have at times been unable to distribute our products or provide required services. The pandemic could adversely impact our ability to retain key employees and the continued service and availability of skilled personnel necessary to run our complex productions. To the extent our management or other personnel are impacted in significant numbers by the pandemic, we could experience delays in, or the suspension of, our manufacturing operations, research and product development activities, regulatory work streams, clinical development programs, and other important commercial functions. The actions we take to mitigate the effect of the pandemic on our workforce could reduce the efficiency of our operations or prove insufficient. The extent of the pandemic's effect on our business will depend on future developments, including the duration, spread, and intensity of the pandemic and the successful development, distribution, and acceptance of vaccines for COVID-19, all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict. We have experienced a significant and unpredictable need to adjust our operations as market demand for certain of our products has shifted. Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. The response to the COVID-19 pandemic has included unprecedented measures to slow the spread of the virus, which have had, and could continue to have, a significant negative impact on our operations and financial results. Our ability to market, distribute, and sell our products through indirect channels has been adversely affected as a result of precautionary responses to the pandemic. We are subject to additional risks associated with our extensive global operations, including changes in reimbursement, regulatory requirements, and political and economic instability. Our business could be adversely impacted if we are unable to successfully manage these and other risks of global operations in an increasingly volatile environment. We may be compelled to take additional measures to preserve our cash flow, including through the reduction of operating expenses or suspension of dividend payments, at least until the consequences of the pandemic subside. The impact of foreign currency exchange rates reduced net earnings per diluted share, and our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including operating requirements and the need to refinance existing debt. We maintain a revolving credit facility and have strong investment-grade short-term and long-term debt ratings that should enable us to refinance our debt as needed. Our financial condition continues to be of high quality, as evidenced by our ability to generate substantial cash from operations and to readily access capital markets at competitive rates despite the COVID-19 pandemic.