The company has mobilized to support the COVID-19 response with products and services that help diagnose the virus as well as assisting customers to develop potential therapeutics and vaccines used to protect from the virus. Our ability to continue to manufacture products is highly dependent on our ability to maintain the safety and health of our factory employees. The ability of our employees to work may be significantly impacted by individuals contracting or being exposed to COVID-19. While we are following the requirements of governmental authorities and taking preventative and protective measures to prioritize the safety of our employees, these measures may not be successful, and we may be required to temporarily close facilities or take other measures. We are staying in close communication with our sites, employees, customers, and suppliers and acting to mitigate the impact of this dynamic and evolving situation. The extent and duration of the impacts are uncertain and dependent in part on customers returning to work and economic activity ramping up. Our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. If the global economy and financial markets, or economic conditions in Europe, the U.S., or other key markets, continue to be unstable, it could adversely affect the business, results of operations, and financial condition of the company and its customers, distributors, and suppliers. We must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change, and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. Competitive factors include technological innovation, price, service and delivery, breadth of product line, customer support, e-business capabilities, and the ability to meet the special requirements of customers. We may not be able to successfully implement these strategies, and these strategies may not result in the expected growth of our business. Our reliance upon sole or limited sources of supply for certain materials or components could cause production interruptions, delays, and inefficiencies. The supply chains for our businesses could also be disrupted by supplier capacity constraints, bankruptcy, or exiting of the business for other reasons, decreased availability of key raw materials or commodities, and external events such as natural disasters, pandemic health issues such as COVID-19, war, terrorist actions, governmental actions, and legislative or regulatory changes. Natural disasters, public health crises, political crises, and other catastrophic events or other events outside of our control may disrupt our facilities or the facilities of third parties on which we depend and could impact customer spending. We have significant operations in California, near major earthquake faults, which make us susceptible to earthquake risk. An earthquake or other natural disaster could disrupt our operations or impair our critical systems. Our business could be affected during periods of uncertainty, and perhaps longer, by the impact of the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the EU. We are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the government. Our pharma services offerings are highly complex, and if we are unable to provide quality and timely offerings to our customers, our business could suffer. A failure of our quality control systems could result in problems with facility operations or preparation or provision of products. The company recorded a provision for income taxes of $850 million in 2020, and the effective tax rate can vary significantly from period to period as a result of discrete income tax factors and events. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations, together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement, will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future.