As a global payments technology company, we are subject to complex and evolving regulations that could harm our business and financial results. The impact of these regulations on us, our clients, and other third parties could limit our ability to enforce our payments system rules; require us to adopt new rules or change existing rules; affect our existing contractual arrangements; increase our compliance costs; and reduce our revenue opportunities. Our compliance programs and policies are designed to support our compliance with a wide array of regulations and laws, and we continually enhance our compliance programs as regulations evolve. However, we cannot guarantee that our practices will be deemed compliant by all applicable regulatory authorities. The evolving and increased regulatory focus on the payments industry could negatively impact or reduce the number of products our clients issue, the volume of payments we process, our revenues, and our competitive positioning. Increased scrutiny and regulation of the global payments industry could harm our business. The risks created by a new law, regulation, or regulatory outcome in one jurisdiction have the potential to be replicated and to negatively affect our business in another jurisdiction or in other product offerings. Our ability to do so may be adversely affected by regulatory requirements and policies pertaining to transaction routing or on-shore processing. Geopolitical events, including sanctions and trade tensions, could potentially intensify regulatory pressures, which could adversely affect our business. Our relationships with financial institutions, acquirers, processors, merchants, and other third parties are complex and require us to balance the interests of multiple stakeholders. We depend significantly on relationships with our financial institution clients and on their relationships with account holders and merchants to support our programs and services, thereby competing effectively in the marketplace. We engage in discussions with merchants, acquirers, commerce platforms, and processors to provide incentives to promote routing preference and acceptance growth. Our business relies on the processing of data in many jurisdictions and the movement of data across national borders. Legal requirements relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data continue to evolve, and regulatory scrutiny in this area is increasing around the world. The enactment of more restrictive laws, rules, regulations, or future enforcement actions or investigations could impact us through increased costs or restrictions on our business, and noncompliance could result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability. The extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak and measures taken in response thereto impact our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict. The global impacts of the COVID-19 outbreak have significantly increased economic uncertainty and reduced economic activity. The outbreak has resulted in authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, which has caused us to modify our business practices. We may experience financial losses due to operational factors, including merchant, acquirer, and issuer failures and credit settlement risk, particularly with respect to industries impacted by the pandemic. Our ability to maintain and enhance our brand, if events occur that have the potential to damage our brand or reputation, could harm our business. Our revenues are dependent on the volume and number of payment transactions made by consumers, governments, and businesses whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic, political, market, health, and social events or conditions. Adverse macroeconomic conditions could decrease consumer and corporate confidence and reduce spending, which would directly impact our revenues. Our indemnification obligation to fund settlement losses of our clients exposes us to significant risk of loss and may reduce our liquidity.