The COVID-19 pandemic continues to have widespread, rapidly-evolving and unpredictable impacts on global societies, economies, financial markets and business practices. Our focus remains on promoting employee health and safety, serving our customers and ensuring business continuity. We carefully assess, and reassess, conditions on a case-by-case basis to determine when employees can safely return to our offices and resume business travel. As a result, we have reopened our offices in areas with sustained low infection rates and are allowing fully vaccinated employees to return on a voluntary basis. Additionally, we are implementing our reimagined framework for the future of work at Adobe, which is rooted in a flexible and hybrid model enabled by a digital-first mindset. During the pandemic, digital has become the primary way for people to connect, work, learn and be entertained, and for businesses to engage with customers. This ongoing shift to a digital-first world has increased the importance and relevance of our solutions, which has contributed to our continued growth year over year. However, while our revenue and earnings are relatively predictable as a result of our subscription-based business model, the duration of the pandemic and the broader implications of the macro-economic recovery on our business remain uncertain. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. We continue to implement strategies that are designed to accelerate awareness, consideration and purchase of subscriptions to our creative cloud offerings. These strategies include increasing the value creative cloud users receive, such as offering new desktop and mobile applications, as well as targeted promotions and offers that attract past customers and potential users to experience and ultimately subscribe to creative cloud. Our differentiation and competitive advantage is strengthened by our ability to use the Adobe Experience Platform to connect our comprehensive set of solutions. We expect that the addition of Workfront, and continued demand across our portfolio of digital experience solutions, will drive revenue growth in future years. The change in our digital media annual recurring revenue was primarily due to new user adoption of our creative cloud and document cloud offerings. We continue to observe strong growth in digital media revenue during fiscal 2021, driven by strong net new user growth, including those resulting from the current work-from-home environment reflecting expanded digital engagement. Our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment balances may fluctuate during fiscal 2022 due to changes in our planned cash outlay. Cash from operations could also be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the effects of the pandemic and other risks detailed in the section titled "risk factors." Based on our current business plan and revenue prospects, we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment balances, our anticipated cash flows from operations and our available credit facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital, operating resource expenditure and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of all of these routes to market, and our recent financial results reflect the success of these investments. We believe such estimates to be reasonable; however, we cannot provide assurance that the final determination of any of these examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial position.