The pandemic caused by the novel strain of the coronavirus (COVID-19) and the numerous measures implemented by government authorities in response have impacted and likely will continue to impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. We have significant operations worldwide, including in the United States, the Philippines, Ireland, Malaysia, Thailand, China, and India. Each of these countries has been affected by the pandemic and taken measures to try to contain it, resulting in disruptions at some of our manufacturing operations and facilities. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices, including restricting employee travel, modifying employee work locations, and cancelling physical participation in meetings, events, and conferences. While we are confident that our strategy and long-term contingency planning have positioned us well to weather the current uncertainty, we cannot at this time fully quantify or forecast the impact of COVID-19 on our business. The full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition, and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain, such as the continued duration and severity of the pandemic, the spread of more contagious variants of the virus, the adoption rate of vaccines, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, or how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. We monitor global macroeconomic conditions on an ongoing basis and continue to assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency, as well as a better alignment of expenses with revenues. We have undertaken various restructuring actions over the past several years, including the closure of manufacturing facilities and repositioning actions to better align our global workforce with our long-term strategic plan. Our commitment to research and development is essential to maintain product leadership with our existing products as well as to provide innovative new product offerings. We believe that a continued commitment to R&D is critical for our future growth. We expect to continue to make significant R&D investments in the future. The increase in cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020 was primarily a result of higher net income and an increase from changes in working capital. Our inventory levels are impacted by our need to support forecasted sales demand and variations between those forecasts and actual demand. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, the inventory values on the consolidated balance sheet were also impacted by additional costs related to the acquisition and the requirement to account for acquired inventory at fair value. We believe that our existing sources of liquidity and cash expected to be generated from future operations, together with existing and anticipated available short- and long-term financing, will be sufficient to fund operations, capital expenditures, research and development efforts, and dividend payments in the immediate future and for at least the next twelve months. Our strategic initiatives include the development of innovative technologies and processes for new products, which we view as critical to our future growth and resilience. The acquisition of Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. has also positioned us to enhance our capabilities and respond effectively to environmental disruptions, thereby improving our organizational resilience.