The global COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant impact on the global business environment and on our clients, but our priority has been and continues to be the safety of our associates and the needs of our clients. We have continued to provide HCM services, including the processing of payroll and tax obligations, to our clients during this time. ADP's efforts have also been focused on providing information and tools to help clients understand and navigate the governmental relief that has been adopted globally. In addition, we released a return to workplace solution that assists our clients in bringing their employees back to work safely through a comprehensive set of tools designed to streamline the entire process. We continue to drive innovation by anticipating our clients' evolving needs and always designing for people as the world of work changes. We further enable these solutions by supplementing them with organic, differentiated investments such as the ADP DataCloud and ADP Marketplace, and through our compliance expertise. Our financial condition remains solid at June 30, 2021, and we remain well positioned to support our associates and our clients. We generate sufficient free cash flow to satisfy our cash dividend and our modest debt obligations, which enables us to absorb the impact of downturns and remain steadfast in our reinvestments, our longer-term strategy, and our commitments to shareholder-friendly actions. The employer services client revenue retention rate for fiscal 2021 improved 170 basis points to 92.2% as compared to our rate for fiscal 2020. We have a strong business model, a highly cash generative business with low capital intensity, and offer a suite of products that provide critical support to our clients' HCM functions. We believe that the exclusion of identified items helps us reflect the fundamentals of our underlying business model and analyze results against our expectations and against prior periods, and to plan for future periods by focusing on our underlying operations. We have consistently maintained the required level of client funds assets to satisfy all of our obligations. There are inherent risks and uncertainties involving our investment strategy relating to our client funds assets. Such risks include liquidity risk, including the risk associated with our ability to liquidate, if necessary, our available-for-sale securities in a timely manner in order to satisfy our client funds obligations. However, our investments are made with the safety of principal, liquidity, and diversification as the primary goals to minimize the risk of not having sufficient funds to satisfy all of our client funds obligations. We also believe we have significantly reduced the risk of not having sufficient funds to satisfy our client funds obligations by consistently maintaining access to other sources of liquidity, including our corporate cash balances, available borrowings under our $9.7 billion commercial paper program, and our ability to engage in reverse repurchase agreement transactions and available borrowings under our $9.7 billion committed credit facilities. Our investment portfolio does not contain any asset-backed securities with underlying collateral of sub-prime mortgages, alternative-a mortgages, sub-prime auto loans or sub-prime home equity loans, collateralized debt obligations, collateralized loan obligations, credit default swaps, derivatives, auction rate securities, structured investment vehicles or non-investment grade fixed-income securities. We operate and transact business in various foreign jurisdictions and are therefore exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates that could impact our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We manage our exposure to these market risks through our regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments.