The company continues to monitor the effects and risks of COVID-19, including its variants, to assess its impact on economic conditions in Japan and the U.S. and on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and capital position. Both Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. have taken measures to address employee health and safety and increase employees' ability to develop and maintain more flexible working conditions, with operations remaining stable throughout 2021. Aflac Japan has evaluated its operational capabilities and anticipates that the remote configuration could remain for an indefinite period of time without materially impacting operations. The company has accelerated investments in digital initiatives designed to improve long-term productivity, efficiency, customer service, and business continuity. The pandemic's impact on economic conditions contributed to sales declines in 2020 and headwinds to sales in 2021, pressuring premium growth rates, which have been partially offset by lower lapse rates in the U.S. The company's investment portfolio was well-positioned entering the crisis, and it continues to follow its strategy of investing primarily in fixed maturity securities to generate a reliable stream of income. The continued path of the recovery remains uncertain given the potential longer-term impacts of the pandemic, including structural changes in employment patterns impacting multiple sectors of the economy and contributing to disruptions in the global supply chain. Aflac Japan remains focused on generating new business from existing and prospective customers through direct mail and digital methods. The company has also accelerated investments in digital and paperless initiatives designed to increase long-term productivity, efficiency, customer service, and business continuity. The company's strategy to drive long-term shareholder value is to pursue growth through product development, distribution expansion, and digital advancements to improve the customer experience. The company intends to maintain strong capital ratios in Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. in support of its commitment to shareholder dividends while remaining tactical in its deployment of capital in the form of share repurchases and opportunistic investments. The company believes that its strategy of positioning itself for future growth and efficiency while defending and leveraging its market-leading position, powerful brand recognition, and diverse distribution in Japan and the U.S. will provide support toward these objectives. The company has taken steps to comply with COVID-19-related directives issued by state regulatory authorities, including those requiring or requesting premium grace periods. The company expects that its balance of cash and cash equivalents and cash generated by operations will be sufficient to satisfy both its short-term and long-term cash requirements. The company has created a robust governance framework and a plan to support the implementation of updated accounting standards, which will significantly impact the company's financial position, results of operations, and disclosures. The company anticipates that the requirement to update assumptions for liability for future policy benefits will have a significant impact on its results of operations, systems, processes, and controls. The company is committed to maintaining strong capital levels throughout the pandemic, consistent with maintaining current insurance financial strength and credit ratings.