As the COVID-19 pandemic emerged in 2020, Applied Materials responded quickly to put in place precautionary measures to keep its workplaces healthy and safe, while ensuring compliance with orders and restrictions imposed by government authorities, everywhere Applied operates in the world. Applied's top priority during the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic remains protecting the health and safety of its employees and their families, customers, suppliers, and community. Applied continues to support workplace flexibility such as remote working where possible and follow enhanced safety and health protocols, including screenings, social distancing, and use of personal protective equipment. Applied is keeping its labs and operations active and continuing to support customers. In response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and evolving conditions and worldwide response, Applied made adjustments to its global operations and is actively managing its responses in collaboration with its employees, customers, and suppliers. However, the situation remains fluid and uncertain. Applied's strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections; expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries; and growing its services business. Applied's long-term growth strategy requires continued development of new materials engineering capabilities, including products and platforms that enable expansion into new and adjacent markets. Applied works closely with its global customers to design systems and processes that meet their planned technical and production requirements. The growth of data and emerging end-market drivers such as artificial intelligence, the Internet of Things, 5G networks, smart vehicles, and augmented and virtual reality are also creating the next wave of growth for the industry. Applied's results can vary significantly year-over-year, as well as quarter-over-quarter, due to variable industry conditions, as demand for manufacturing equipment and services can change depending on supply and demand for chips, display technologies, and other electronic devices. Applied's significant investments in research, development, and engineering must generally enable it to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. In fiscal 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic accelerated the digital transformation of the economy, creating increased global demand for semiconductors. As a result, semiconductor equipment customers continued to make strategic investments in new technology transitions. Applied expects demand to remain strong and supply shortages to persist into fiscal 2022, and managing these near-term supply chain constraints is a top priority. Applied saw continued growth in its services business in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 driven by an increase in the installed base of equipment and in long-term service agreements. The company has implemented a multi-phase plan to return to working on-site, which takes into consideration factors such as Applied's business and employee needs, local government regulations, community case trends, and recommendations from public health officials. Applied's ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is reflected in its ongoing adjustments to operations and strategic initiatives aimed at maintaining organizational resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptions.