The COVID-19 pandemic has presented ongoing significant economic and societal disruption and market unpredictability, which has affected our business and operating environment driven by a low interest rate environment and volatility and changes in the equity markets and the potential associated implications to client behavior. There is still significant uncertainty around the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition, which depends on current and future developments, including the ultimate scope, duration and severity of the pandemic, success of worldwide vaccination efforts, and the actions of third parties in response to the pandemic. Given the ongoing impact of the pandemic, financial results may not be comparable to previous years, and the results presented in this report may not necessarily be indicative of future operating results. The business, political, and regulatory environments in which we operate are subject to elevated uncertainty and substantial, frequent change. Accordingly, we expect to continue focusing on our key strategic objectives and obtaining operational and strategic leverage from our core capabilities. The success of these and other strategies may be affected by the factors discussed in this report. We believe our risk management strategy is designed to provide proactive protection during stress events such as the current pandemic. We believe our process is working as intended, and our liquidity and capital resources have remained a source of balance sheet strength during the year ended December 31, 2021. Our liquidity available to the parent company in a volatile and uncertain economic environment as of December 31, 2021 was $2.4 billion, which includes cash, cash equivalents, unencumbered liquid securities, the line of credit with an affiliate and a portion of the committed credit facility. We continue to monitor and respond to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Our organizational restructure resulted in a strategic relationship with BMO Wealth Management, giving its North American wealth management clients opportunities to access a range of Columbia Threadneedle investment management solutions. The ongoing impact of the pandemic has required us to adapt our operations and strategies to ensure continued service delivery and client engagement. We have implemented measures to enhance our operational flexibility and resilience, allowing us to maintain performance under pressure and respond effectively to external disturbances. We have taken an active approach to managing our long-term care business, including increasing rates and conducting annual reviews of reserve adequacy. Our organizational capabilities have enabled us to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite the presence of adversity, reflecting our commitment to maintaining positive adjustment under challenging conditions. The establishment of reserves is an estimation process using a variety of methods, assumptions, and data elements, and we undertake an extensive review of active life future policy benefit reserve adequacy annually. We have a robust approach to risk assessment and management, which includes monitoring changes in policyholder behavior and adjusting our strategies accordingly. The ability to analyze differences in experience provides us with an effective approach in quickly detecting changes in policyholder behavior, thereby enhancing our organizational resilience.