During the fourth quarter of 2021, we updated our reportable segments to add a data centers segment, which aligns our reporting with management's current approach of allocating costs and resources, managing growth and profitability, and assessing the operating performance of our business segments. We believe this change provides greater visibility into our operating segments, enhancing our ability to adapt and respond to environmental pressures. Our diversified communications site portfolio enables us to manage operational flexibility and resource allocation effectively, which is crucial for maintaining performance under pressure. We have taken a variety of actions to ensure the continued availability of our communications infrastructure assets while ensuring the safety and security of our employees, customers, vendors, and surrounding communities. These measures include providing support for our customers remotely and supporting continued work-from-home arrangements. We continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions as may be required by governmental authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our stakeholders. The revenues generated by our property operations may be affected by cancellations of existing tenant leases; however, historical churn rates have not had a material adverse effect on our consolidated property operations. We anticipate that our churn rate may moderate over time, which would result in reduced impacts on our property revenue. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may adversely impact us and our customers and the demand for our communications infrastructure in the United States and globally. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks, influenced by the growth of wireless services and general economic conditions. We expect that our tenant lease rates will continue to increase due to the growing use of wireless services globally and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our communications real estate. Our established tenant base provides us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets will position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. We have master lease agreements with many of our tenants that provide for consistent, long-term revenue and reduce the likelihood of non-contractual churn. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities is dependent on maintaining recurring revenue and converting it into operating profit by minimizing operating costs and achieving operational efficiencies. We believe our operating results during the next 12 months will be sufficient to comply with the covenants in our debt agreements, which are critical for maintaining our organizational resilience. Our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities, and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. We actively monitor the creditworthiness of our tenants to mitigate concentrations of credit risk and ensure the sustainability of our operations.