The COVID-19 pandemic has affected our offices and manufacturing facilities throughout the world, as well as the facilities of our suppliers, customers, and our customers' contract manufacturers. The pandemic caused widespread disruptions to our company during the first half of 2020, and to a lesser extent, those disruptions continued during the second half of 2020 and throughout all of 2021. These disruptions have included government regulations that inhibit our ability to operate certain of our facilities in the ordinary course, travel restrictions, supplier constraints, supply-chain interruptions, logistics challenges and limitations, labor disruptions, and reduced demand from certain customers. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to impact our business and financial results going forward will be dependent on future developments such as the length and severity of the crisis, the impact of the recent resurgence of the crisis due to the Omicron variant, as well as any additional future resurgences from known or new variants, future government regulations and actions in response to the crisis, the timing, availability, effectiveness and adoption rates of vaccines and treatments, and the overall impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy and capital markets, among many other factors, all of which remain highly uncertain and unpredictable. The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company's strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of service on a worldwide basis, while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment. The strong sales growth in 2021 in the interconnect products and assemblies segment also reflected a recovery in certain markets from the more negative impact resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic during 2020. The company uses operating cash flow to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends, and reduce indebtedness. The ability to generate cash from operating activities has been one of the company's fundamental financial strengths. The company expects that capital expenditures in 2022 will be in a range of 3% to 4% of net sales. The company believes that its cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investment position on hand, ability to generate future cash from operating activities, availability under its revolving credit facility, and access to capital markets provide adequate liquidity to meet both its short-term and reasonably foreseeable long-term requirements and obligations. The company has significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments. The company uses debt financing to lower the overall cost of capital and increase return on stockholders' equity. The company intends to evaluate certain post-2021 earnings for repatriation and accrue for those distributions where appropriate, and to indefinitely reinvest all other foreign earnings. The company has recorded net liabilities related to unrecognized tax benefits. The company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that the costs of continuing compliance will not have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The company strives to offset the impact of increases in the cost of raw materials, labor, and services through price increases, productivity improvements, and cost-saving programs.