The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected workforces, economies, and financial markets globally, and led to an economic downturn. As an essential provider of products and services for law enforcement and other first responders, we remain focused on protecting the health and wellbeing of our employees while assuring the continuity of our business operations. We have taken a number of actions in response to the pandemic, including allowing for a remote work model for the majority of our office staff and hosting several onsite vaccination clinics for our employees and their family members. We previously took steps to diversify our supply chain and global manufacturing footprint, which have positioned us well to manage through the pandemic. We have proactively built up a safety stock of raw and finished goods inventory aligned to our strategic model to help meet strong product demand while also preparing us to stagger factory work schedules. We continue to adjust strategic inventory levels based on areas of risk to mitigate potential supply disruptions. In light of our broad geographic supplier base, we are continuously monitoring our supply chain to manage through potential impacts, identifying alternate sources as well as shipping and logistic sources, and working with foreign regulators to ensure that our suppliers can provide parts. Our significant increase in backlog, primarily in the software and sensors segment, is indicative of expected revenue growth in this segment. We are investing in technologies that include our conducted energy devices, body cameras, in-car cameras, and other sensors, artificial intelligence, digital evidence management, productivity software, communications software, and technologies that enable real-time situational awareness for public safety. We expect research and development expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we focus on growing the software and sensors segment, adding headcount and additional resources to develop new products and services to further advance our scalable cloud-connected device platform. Our strategic intent is to shift an increasing amount of our business to a subscription model, which allows for multiple product offerings to be bundled into existing subscriptions. We carefully considered the cash flow impacts of this strategic shift and regularly revisit our cash flow forecast with the goal of maintaining a comfortable level of liquidity as we introduce commercial offerings in which we incur upfront cash costs to produce and fulfill hardware sales ahead of the cash inflows from our customers. We are subject to the possibility of various loss contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business, including product-related and other litigation. We consider the likelihood of loss or impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability, as well as our ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss in determining loss contingencies. We regularly evaluate current information available to us to determine whether such accruals should be adjusted and whether new accruals are required. Our expected credit loss allowance for accounts receivable, notes receivable, and contract assets represents management's best estimate and application of judgment considering a number of factors, including historical collection experience, published or estimated credit default rates for entities that represent our customer base, and current and future economic and market conditions. We have completed research and development tax credit studies for each year a tax credit was claimed for federal and state income tax purposes. We anticipate sufficient future pre-tax book income to realize a large portion of our deferred tax assets. However, based on expected income for years in which Arizona R&D tax credits are set to expire, unrealized investment loss for which realization is uncertain, and specific identified intangibles with an indefinite life, a reserve has been recorded as a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets.