COVID-19 continues to impact numerous aspects of our business. Our sales remain at record levels as we have experienced unprecedented customer demand for our products during the COVID-19 pandemic, as we believe that many of our customers have benefitted from pandemic-related government stimulus and benefits. Our main priority continues to be the health, safety and well-being of our customers and employees. We continue to invest in supplies for the protection of our employees and customers and increased the frequency of cleaning and disinfecting our stores. The long-term impact to our business remains unknown as we are unable to accurately predict the impact that COVID-19 will have due to numerous uncertainties, including the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, the likelihood of additional variants and resurgences of the outbreak, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities in response to the disease, the timing, distribution, efficacy and public acceptance of vaccines, and unintended consequences of the foregoing. Furthermore, the continuing pandemic and related economic uncertainty may result in prolonged disruption and volatility to our business and magnify certain risks, including risks associated with sourcing quality merchandise domestically and outside the U.S.; our ability to promptly adjust inventory levels to meet fluctuations in customer demand; our ability to comply with complex and evolving laws and regulations related to customers' and employees' health and safety; our ability to open new store locations and expand or remodel existing stores; and our ability to hire and train qualified employees to address temporary or sustained labor shortages. Given the nature of these macroeconomic factors, we cannot predict whether or for how long certain trends will continue, nor can we predict to what degree these trends will impact us in the future. We believe fluctuations in gas prices impact our customers' level of disposable income. We have also experienced continued accelerated pressure on wages in the U.S. during fiscal 2021, some of which is attributed to regulatory changes in certain states and municipalities, while the larger portion is being driven by general market pressures and specific actions taken recently by other retailers. The regulatory changes are expected to continue, as evidenced by the areas that have passed legislation to increase employees' wages substantially over the next few years, but we are still assessing to what degree these changes will impact our earnings growth in future periods. Our experience is that at this point in a vehicle's life, most vehicles are not covered by warranties and increased maintenance is needed to keep the vehicle operating. We expect the aging vehicle population to continue to increase as consumers keep their cars longer in an effort to save money. Additionally, there is increased demand for used vehicles as a result of new vehicle inventory shortages during the COVID-19 pandemic. As the number of seven-year-old or older vehicles on the road increases, we expect an increase in demand for the products we sell. Our investments are expected to be directed primarily to expansion of our store base and supply chain to fuel the growth of our domestic and Mexico businesses, which includes new stores, including mega hubs, as well as distribution center expansions and remodels. We plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors' capacity to factor their receivables from us. A downgrade in our credit or changes in the financial markets may limit the financial institutions' willingness to participate in these arrangements, which may result in the vendor wanting to renegotiate payment terms. A reduction in payment terms would increase the working capital required to fund future inventory investments. Our ability to adapt to these challenges and maintain operational continuity is critical to our organizational resilience.