We are a global market leader in the design, development, manufacture, sale, service, and support of commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented by Boeing Capital. The global outbreak of COVID-19 has caused unprecedented shocks to demand for air travel, creating tremendous challenges for our customers and the entire commercial aerospace manufacturing and services sector. The pandemic has significantly impacted airline financial performance, with net losses for the airline industry expected to be approximately $52 billion in 2021. Our customers are taking actions to combat these effects by preserving liquidity, which includes deferrals of payments and reduced spending on services. We continue to expect that commercial air travel will return to 2019 levels in 2023 to 2024, but the recovery will remain uneven due to ongoing travel restrictions and varying regional protocols. To balance supply and demand and preserve our long-term potential, we have reduced production rates of several of our programs based on ongoing assessments of the demand environment. Risk remains that further reductions will be required, and if we are unable to make timely deliveries of aircraft in inventory, future revenues, earnings, and cash flows will be adversely impacted. We continue to transform and improve our business processes to enable the company to emerge stronger and be more resilient when the market recovers. These activities are intended to enhance operational flexibility and improve near-term liquidity and long-term cost competitiveness. The commercial services business is expected to experience a multi-year recovery period, while the demand outlook for our government services business remains stable. We continue to monitor the health and stability of our supply chain, which has been affected by COVID-19 disruptions. Our BDS segment continues to see solid demand for major platforms and programs, although near-term production disruptions persist. The long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to fundamental drivers of air travel demand, despite vulnerabilities to exogenous developments such as pandemics and geopolitical tensions. We are focused on improving our products and services and continuing our business transformation efforts, which enhances our ability to compete and positions us for market recovery. The technical complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk, as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time and satisfy performance standards is subject to significant risks, including changes in program accounting quantities and production costs. We are committed to maintaining operational continuity and adapting our strategies to meet customer needs and market demands, ensuring organizational resilience in the face of adversity.