Through our subsidiaries, we engage in numerous diverse business activities, managing our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. The COVID-19 pandemic negatively affected most of our businesses beginning in March of 2020, with the effects ranging from relatively minor to severe. Over the second half of 2020 and continuing in 2021, many of these businesses experienced significant recoveries in revenues and earnings, in some instances exceeding pre-pandemic levels. However, many of our businesses were negatively affected by ongoing global supply chain disruptions, which contributed to higher input costs. We cannot reliably predict future economic effects of the pandemic or when business activities at our operations will completely normalize. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax earnings from underwriting, which included after-tax losses from significant catastrophe events. The significant catastrophe events in 2021 included Hurricane Ida and floods in Europe, as well as Winter Storm Uri. Underwriting results of certain of our commercial insurance and reinsurance businesses were negatively affected in 2021 and 2020 by estimated losses and costs associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, including incremental provisions for claims and uncollectible premiums and incremental operating costs to maintain customer service levels. The effects of the pandemic on future periods may be affected by judicial rulings and regulatory and legislative actions pertaining to insurance coverage and claims and by its effects on general economic activity, which we cannot reasonably estimate at this time. Our management views our insurance businesses as possessing two distinct activities—underwriting and investing. The timing and magnitude of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. We consider incurred losses exceeding $100 million from a current year catastrophic event to be significant. We strive to generate underwriting profits, although time-value-of-money concepts are important elements in establishing prices for retroactive reinsurance and periodic payment annuity businesses due to the expected long durations of the claim liabilities. We expect to incur pre-tax underwriting losses from such businesses, primarily through deferred charge amortization and discount accretion charges. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are exposed to significant market risks, including equity price risk, interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, and commodity price risk. The fair values of our investment portfolios remain subject to considerable volatility. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to short-term investments. Our consolidated balance sheet continues to reflect very significant liquidity and a very strong capital base, with consolidated shareholders' equity increasing significantly. We forecast capital expenditures of our railroad and utilities and energy operations will approximate significant amounts in the upcoming years. We anticipate that these payments will be funded by operating cash flows. The nature and extent of loss information provided under many facultative or per occurrence excess contracts may be comparable to the information received under a primary insurance contract, but the reporting is often slower. We maintain certain internal procedures to ensure that the information is complete and in compliance with the contract terms, allowing us to audit the reported information. Our claim liability estimation process for short-tail lines utilizes a combination of paid and incurred loss development methods and incurred and paid loss methods, reflecting our adaptive strategies in response to varying market conditions.