The COVID-19 pandemic significantly impacted how our customers use our products and services, how they interact with us, and how our employees provide services to our customers. Customer activity levels remain below normal, which contributed to lower operating expenses from reduced service transactions and lower bad debt in 2021 along with lower growth in customer relationships. We cannot predict when trends return to pre-COVID-19 levels as the economy returns to normal activities. Although the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic cannot be predicted, we remain focused on driving customer relationship growth by deploying superior products and services with attractive pricing. We continue to explore ways to drive even more mobile traffic to our network. We intend to use CBRS PALS we purchased in 2020, along with unlicensed CBRS spectrum, to build our own 5G mobile data-only network on our existing infrastructure in targeted geographies where there is high outdoor cellular traffic volume. This effort, in combination with our expanding Wi-Fi network and continued 5G enhancements within the Verizon MVNO partnership agreement, should position our mobile product for continued customer experience and cost structure improvements. We believe spectrum-branded mobile services will drive higher sales of our core products, create longer customer lives, and increase profitability and cash flow over time. We expect to continue to see negative free cash flow from the timing of device-related cash flows when we sell devices to customers pursuant to equipment installment plans and capital expenditures related to retail store and CBRS build-out. We monitor the appropriateness of our capitalization policies and perform updates to our internal studies on an ongoing basis to determine whether facts or circumstances warrant a change to our capitalization policies. We perform an impairment assessment of franchise assets annually or more frequently as warranted by events or changes in circumstances. Our assessment included consideration of a multitude of factors that affect the fair value of our franchise assets, including environmental and competitive changes within our operating footprint, actual and projected operating performance, and changes in our regulatory and political landscape. We expect programming rates per customer will continue to increase due to a variety of factors, including annual increases imposed by programmers with additional selling power as a result of media and broadcast station groups consolidation, increased demands by owners of broadcast stations for payment for retransmission consent, and additional programming. We have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements. Capital expenditures were primarily due to an increase in scalable infrastructure driven by augmentation of network capacity for customer growth and usage, with incremental spending to reclaim network headroom maintained prior to COVID-19. We expect to utilize free cash flow, cash on hand, and availability under our credit facilities as well as future refinancing transactions to further extend the maturities of our obligations. We believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow, and charter operating's revolving credit facility as well as access to the capital markets to fund our projected cash needs. We continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow including to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including expanding the capacity of our network, the expansion of our network through our rural broadband construction project, and mergers and acquisitions.