The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our operations and financial results for the foreseeable future. Our restaurant operations have been and could continue to be disrupted by COVID-19 related employee absences or due to changes in the availability and cost of labor. We remain in regular contact with our major suppliers and to date we have not experienced significant disruptions in our supply chain; however, we have experienced inflationary pressures in freight and the costs of some of our ingredients and temporary shortages in equipment and other goods, which could increase and/or spread to more categories as the impacts of COVID-19 continue across the global supply chain. We anticipate the restaurant wage increases implemented in June 2021 and any future wage increases in the U.S. along with increased supply chain costs, primarily related to inflationary pressures that began in the latter half of 2021 will have an impact on restaurant operating costs in 2022. However, these should be offset to some extent by benefits from pricing actions, leverage from revenue growth, and supply chain initiatives. Seasonal factors cause our profitability to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Unexpected publicity impacting our business in a positive or negative way, worldwide health pandemics, fluctuations in food or packaging costs, or the timing of menu price increases or promotional activities and other marketing initiatives may also influence our quarterly results. Should our business deteriorate due to changing conditions, there are actions we can take to further conserve liquidity. We have not required significant working capital because customers generally pay using cash or credit and debit cards and because our operations do not require significant receivables, nor do they require significant inventories due, in part, to our use of various fresh ingredients. In addition, we generally have the right to pay for the purchase of food, beverages, and supplies sometime after the receipt of those items, within ten days, thereby reducing the need for incremental working capital to support our growth. We expect to utilize cash flow from operations to invest in, maintain, and refurbish our existing restaurants, and for general corporate purposes. We believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be sufficient to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements, and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. Our total capital expenditures for 2021 were $442.5 million. We expect approximately $150 million in capital expenditures related to investments in existing restaurants including new equipment and hardware, technology to optimize efficiencies, remodeling, and similar improvements. We expect a portion of our incurred capital expenditures to be for additional corporate initiatives including investments in technology for support centers to boost innovation, enhance the customer experience, and improve operations. We have recorded an accrual for legal contingencies when we determine that it is probable that we have incurred a liability and we can reasonably estimate the amount of the loss. Our estimates of future revenues and expenses are highly subjective judgments based on internal projections and knowledge of our operations, historical performance, and trends in sales and restaurant operating costs, and can be significantly impacted by changes in our business or economic conditions. The determination of asset fair value is also subject to significant judgment and utilizes valuation techniques including discounting estimated future cash flows and market-based analyses to determine fair value.