The outbreak of COVID-19 in early 2020 became a global pandemic with resultant economic impacts evolving into a worldwide recession. The pandemic triggered a significant downturn in our markets globally, which negatively impacted our sales and results of operations during 2020. While the majority of the negative impacts to demand largely subsided in 2021, we are still experiencing supply chain disruptions and related financial impacts reflected as increased cost of sales. Our industry continues to be unfavorably impacted by supply chain constraints leading to shortages across multiple components categories and limiting our collective ability to meet end-user demand. Our customers are also experiencing other supply chain issues and slowing production. Should the supply chain issues continue for an extended period of time or worsen, the impact on our production and supply chain could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Our board of directors continues to monitor and evaluate all of these factors and the related impacts on our business and operations, and we are diligently working to minimize the supply chain impacts to our business and to our customers. As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of these risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, Russia, and countries in the Middle East and Africa. At the same time, our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or customer or the economy of any single country on our consolidated results. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction, and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Our sales may also be impacted by OEM inventory levels, production schedules, stoppages, and supply chain challenges. Economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. Our liquidity of $6.4 billion in cash, marketable securities, and available credit facilities puts us in a strong position to deal with any uncertainties that may arise in 2022. We expect market demand in truck and construction markets in China to decline from 2021 full-year levels. Our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic, public health crises, epidemics or pandemics, and regulatory matters, including adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards, in the countries we serve. The execution of our exploration process for strategic alternatives, including the separation of our filtration business into a stand-alone company, is dependent upon business and market conditions, along with a number of other factors and considerations. Our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. Our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. We believe our existing cash and marketable securities, operating cash flow, and revolving credit facilities provide us with the financial flexibility needed to fund common stock repurchases, dividend payments, targeted capital expenditures, projected pension obligations, acquisitions, working capital, and debt service obligations through 2022 and beyond. We continue to generate significant cash from operations and maintain access to our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs.