Our operations can be affected by changing economic, regulatory, and political environments in the various countries in which we operate, including civil unrest or strained relationships with governments that may impact our operations or investments. These changing environments could negatively impact our results of operations, and further changes to increase government fiscal take could have a negative impact on future operations. Our management carefully considers the fiscal and regulatory environment when evaluating projects or determining the levels and locations of our activity. We participate in a capital-intensive industry, and at times, our property, plant, and equipment and investments become impaired when, for example, commodity prices decline significantly for long periods of time. As we optimize our assets in the future, it is reasonably possible we may incur future losses upon sale or impairment charges to long-lived assets used in operations. The increase in production during 2021 was partly offset by normal field decline, and production levels can cause variability in cash flows, although generally this variability has not been as significant as that caused by commodity prices. We believe current cash balances and cash generated by operations, together with access to external sources of funds, will be sufficient to meet our funding requirements in the near- and long-term, including our capital spending program, dividend payments, and required debt payments. Our short- and long-term operating cash flows are highly dependent upon prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, LNG, and NGLs, which have historically been volatile and are driven by market conditions over which we have no control. We actively manage these factors, and while we expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations, we do not expect any material adverse effect upon our results of operations or financial position. Our legal organization applies its knowledge, experience, and professional judgment to the specific characteristics of our cases, employing a litigation management process to manage and monitor the legal proceedings against us. We also have adopted operating principles that incorporate established industry standards designed to meet or exceed government requirements. Our practices continually evolve as technology improves and regulations change. The company has responded to climate-related risks by putting in place a sustainable development risk management standard covering the assessment and registration of significant and high sustainable development risks based on their consequence and likelihood of occurrence. We have developed a company-wide climate change action plan with the goal of tracking mitigation activities for each climate-related risk included in the corporate sustainable development risk register. We expect to announce the variable return of capital when we announce our ordinary dividend, but the quarterly payouts will be staggered from the ordinary dividend, resulting in up to eight cash distributions throughout the year. We have set our expected 2022 total capital returns at approximately $8 billion, consisting of distributions from each of the three tiers. Our corporate authorization process requires all qualifying projects to include a greenhouse gas price in their project approval economics, ensuring that both existing and emerging regulatory requirements are considered in our decision-making.