We believe we contribute to disaster recovery and resilience in the communities we serve. For example, we mobilized our people, entered into emergency leases, and engaged with a multitude of service providers to timely retrieve, store, and remarket tens of thousands of flood-damaged vehicles in the Houston, Texas metropolitan area in the wake of Hurricane Harvey in the summer of 2017. Our operations ensure the removal of vehicles from repair shops, impound yards, and streets and highways, enabling the critical function of road infrastructure. We have continued to operate our facilities as well as our online-only auctions, while following appropriate health and safety protocols to ensure safe working conditions for our employees as well as for our sellers, buyers, and other business partners with whom we come in contact. The pandemic may have an adverse effect on our future revenues, with the magnitude and timing of these effects dependent upon the extent and duration of suspended economic activity across our markets. We adjusted our operating expenses to continue providing employment for our employees, service to our sellers, and process incoming vehicles for sale in future quarters. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements for the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future. We expect to acquire or develop additional locations and expand some of our current facilities in the foreseeable future. The covid-19 pandemic may impact our processed vehicle volume and corresponding vehicle average selling prices. We cannot predict how the pandemic will continue to develop, whether and to what extent new shelter-in-place orders will be issued, or to what extent the pandemic may have longer-term unanticipated impacts on our markets. The increase in total loss frequency may have been driven by the change in used car values and repair costs, which we believe are generally trending upward. Our business is seasonal as inclement weather during the winter months increases the frequency of accidents and consequently, the number of cars involved in accidents which the insurance companies salvage rather than repair. Severe weather events, including but not limited to tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, and hailstorms, can also impact our volumes. These increased volumes require the increased use of our cash to pay out advances and handling costs of the additional business. We believe our business is a critical enabler for the global re-use and recycling of vehicles, parts, and raw materials. We help decrease the total environmental impact by extending the useful life of vehicles and thereby avoiding the carbon emissions associated with the alternative of new vehicle and auto parts manufacturing. Our goals are to generate sustainable profits for our stockholders while also providing environmental and social benefits for the world around us. We anticipate acquiring and developing facilities in new regions, as well as the regions currently served by our facilities. We believe that these acquisitions and openings will strengthen our coverage, as we have facilities located in multiple countries with the intention of providing global coverage for our sellers. We implement our pricing structure and auction procedures, and attempt to introduce cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities by integrating our management information systems and redeploying personnel when necessary.