Demand for rail services has improved from steep declines in the first half of 2020, but the effects of the disruption of global manufacturing, supply chains, and consumer spending as a result of the COVID-19 global pandemic are ongoing. Future impacts of the pandemic on the company's financial and operating results will be determined by its duration, effects on the demand for the company's transportation services and the supply chain, as well as the effect of governmental regulations imposed and legislative stimulus packages passed in response to the pandemic. The company is strongly encouraging employees to get vaccinated. A cross-functional task force continues to monitor and coordinate the company's response to COVID-19. The company is committed to continuous improvement in safety and service performance through training, innovation, and investment. Technological innovations that can detect and avoid many types of human factor incidents are designed to serve as an additional layer of protection for the company's employees. Despite the operating challenges presented by global supply disruptions and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the company remained focused on safety, service, and controlling costs. The company has multiple sources of liquidity, including cash generated from operations and financing sources. CSX is committed to maintaining and improving its existing infrastructure and to positioning itself for long-term, profitable growth through optimizing network and terminal capacity. The company is continually evaluating market and regulatory conditions that could affect its ability to generate sufficient returns on capital investments. The company expects network fluidity to improve commensurate with ongoing hiring efforts and a return to more normal supply chain conditions. The company has access to a $1.2 billion five-year unsecured revolving credit facility backed by a diverse syndicate of banks that expires in March 2024. As of December 31, 2021, the company had no outstanding balances under this facility. CSX uses current cash balances for general corporate purposes, which may include capital expenditures, working capital requirements, reduction or refinancing of outstanding indebtedness, redemptions and repurchases of CSX common stock, dividends to shareholders, acquisitions, and other business opportunities. The company intends to fund capital investments through cash generated from operations. CSX's balance sheet reflects its strong capital base and the impact of its balanced approach in deploying capital for the benefit of its shareholders, which includes investments in infrastructure, dividend payments, and share repurchases. The company ended the year with $2.3 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments. The increase in total assets was primarily due to a net increase in property attributable to capital expenditures and the consolidation of Quality Carriers' properties. The company is committed to returning cash to shareholders. Future share repurchases are expected to be funded by cash on hand, cash generated from operations, and debt issuances. The company has sufficient financial capacity, including its revolving credit facility, commercial paper program, and shelf registration statement to manage its day-to-day cash requirements and any anticipated obligations. The company has been identified as a potentially responsible party at approximately 220 environmentally impaired sites. Conditions that are currently unknown could, at any given location, result in additional exposure, the amount and materiality of which cannot presently be reasonably estimated. The company engages independent actuaries to compute the amounts of liabilities and expenses relating to pension and other post-retirement benefit plans subject to the assumptions that the company determines are appropriate based on historical trends, current market rates, and future projections.