The company believes its innovative health care model increases access to quality care, delivers better health outcomes, and lowers overall health care costs. Our strong local presence and scale in communities across the country has enabled us to continue to play an indispensable role in the national response to covid-19, as well as provide seamless support for our customers wherever they need us: in our cvs locations, in their homes, and virtually. In response to covid-19, the company provided expanded benefit coverage to its members, including cost-sharing waivers for covid-19 related treatments, as well as assistance to members through premium credits, telehealth cost-sharing waivers, and other investments. The company expects to see continued strength in front store sales, including sales of otc test kits, in 2022. The extent of covid-19 vaccinations, diagnostic testing, and otc test kit sales will be dependent upon various factors including vaccine hesitancy, the emergence of new variants, government testing initiatives, and the availability and administration of pediatric and booster vaccinations. The company is expected to benefit from the continuation of its enterprise-wide cost savings initiatives, which aim to reduce the company's operating cost structure in a way that improves the consumer experience and is sustainable. Key drivers include investments in digital, technology, and analytics capabilities that will streamline processes and improve outcomes, implementing workforce and workplace strategies, and deploying vendor and procurement strategies. The company believes covid-19's impact on its businesses, operating results, cash flows, and/or financial condition primarily will be driven by the geographies impacted and the severity and duration of the pandemic, as well as the pandemic's impact on the u.s. and global economies, global supply chain, consumer behavior, and health care utilization patterns. The company continuously assesses its regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs, debt and leverage levels, debt maturity schedule, capital expenditure requirements, dividend payouts, potential share repurchases, and future investments or acquisitions. The company maintains a level of liquidity sufficient to allow it to meet its cash needs in the short term. The company believes its operating cash flows, commercial paper program, credit facilities, as well as any potential future borrowings, will be sufficient to fund these future payments and long-term initiatives. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the company completed a strategic review of its retail business and announced the creation of new formats for its stores to continue to drive higher engagement with customers. As part of this review, the company evaluated changes in population, consumer buying patterns, and future health needs to ensure it has the right kinds of stores in the right locations for consumers and for the business. The company expects to close approximately 300 stores each year between 2022 and 2024. The company has experienced declines in its commercial insured medical membership subsequent to the closing date of the aetna acquisition and may continue to do so for a number of reasons, including as a result of the competitive commercial business environment. The company's fair value estimate is sensitive to significant assumptions including changes in medical membership, revenue growth rate, operating income, and the discount rate. The company has recorded a store impairment charge of approximately $1.4 billion, consisting of a write down of operating lease right-of-use assets and property and equipment, in connection with the planned closure of approximately 900 retail stores. The company has established accruals for uncertain tax positions using its judgment and adjusts these accruals, as warranted, due to changing facts and circumstances.