The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has continued to have a widespread and unprecedented impact on a global scale. The future effects of the pandemic are uncertain, and it may be difficult to assess or predict the extent of the impacts on the organization as many factors are beyond control and knowledge. We have managed the risk of COVID-19 by giving all non-essential employees the choice to work from home or to come into our physical locations with appropriate health and safety measures and capacity limitations. Notwithstanding the shift to work-from-home, we have been able to successfully operate with no significant impact on our operations or service levels. Operational changes necessitated by the rapid shift in employee location have not thus far had a material adverse effect on us or our financial condition; however, the shift has caused us to grow increasingly dependent on third-party service providers, including those with which we have no direct relationship, such as our employees' internet service providers. The COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the economy have significantly affected our sales volume and credit card loan growth. We tightened credit standards for new accounts and for growing existing accounts across all products and reduced our marketing and customer acquisition expenditures at the onset of the pandemic. Due to the strong economic recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic-induced recession, we returned most of our underwriting criteria to pre-pandemic standards and resumed our investment in marketing and business development during the second quarter of 2021. We expanded borrower relief offerings to include skip-a-pay (payment deferral) and other loan modification programs, complementing the assistance already available through our existing loan modification programs. The measures employed to date are uncertain, and it is unclear whether federal and state governments and agencies may take additional actions that could impact our business. We remain committed to disciplined expense management and will continue to make investments for profitable long-term growth. Our primary funding sources include direct-to-consumer and brokered deposits, public term asset-backed securitizations, and other short-term and long-term borrowings. We seek to maintain stable, diversified, and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations under normal operating conditions and periods of economic or financial stress. We conduct liquidity stress tests regularly and ensure contingency funding is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. We seek to maintain sufficient liquidity to satisfy all maturing obligations and fund business operations for at least 12 months in a severe stress environment. Our liquidity portfolio is composed of highly liquid, unencumbered assets, including cash and cash equivalents and investment securities. We believe loan modification programs are useful in assisting customers experiencing financial difficulties and help to prevent defaults. We plan to continue to use loan modification programs as a means to provide relief to customers experiencing financial difficulties. The balance of credit card, private student, and personal loans reported as troubled debt restructurings decreased due to elevated payment rates resulting from government stimulus and disaster relief programs. The balance of loans reported as troubled debt restructurings also benefited from the exclusion of accounts qualifying for the exemption from the troubled debt designation pursuant to the CARES Act.