During March 2020, the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related widespread reductions in economic activity across the United States began to adversely affect our business. As economic activity resumed and restrictive orders relating to COVID-19 were eased, demand for our homes improved significantly during the remainder of fiscal 2020 and remained strong throughout fiscal 2021. We believe our strong balance sheet and liquidity position provide us with the flexibility to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. Our operating strategy focuses on enhancing long-term value to our shareholders by leveraging our financial and competitive position in our core homebuilding business to maximize the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows, while managing risk and maintaining financial flexibility to navigate changing economic conditions and make opportunistic strategic investments. We are well-positioned for increased demand with our affordable product offerings, lot supply, and housing inventory. However, multiple disruptions in the supply chain, combined with the improvement in economic conditions and strong demand for new homes, have resulted in shortages in certain building materials and tightness in the labor market, which has caused our construction cycle to lengthen. We have slowed our home sales pace to more closely align with our production levels, and we are selling homes later in the construction cycle when we have more certainty regarding the home close date for our homebuyers. Based on the current availability of labor and materials, the stage of completion of our current homes in inventory, production schedules, and capacity, we expect to continue restricting the pace of our sales orders in many of our communities in the near term to match our production levels. Our strategy remains consistent and includes developing and retaining highly experienced and productive teams of personnel throughout our company that are aligned and focused on continuous improvement in our operational execution and financial performance. We are managing our inventory of homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. We believe our operating strategy, which has produced positive results in recent years, will allow us to successfully operate through changing economic conditions to maintain and improve our financial and competitive position. We continually evaluate our land and lot supply, and fluctuations in revenues and profitability from land sales occur based on how we manage our inventory levels in various markets. We manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. Our relationship with Forestar and expanded relationships with other land developers across the country have allowed us to continue to increase the controlled portion of our lot pipeline. We expect to ultimately increase our production capacity and close more homes in fiscal 2022 than we closed in fiscal 2021. Our strong balance sheet and liquidity position provide us with the flexibility to operate effectively through changing economic conditions.