Since early 2020, the world has been impacted by COVID-19 and its variants, which has significantly affected our segments, particularly at the Disney Parks, Experiences and Products (DPEP) segment where theme parks and resorts were closed and cruise ship sailings were suspended. These operations resumed, generally at reduced capacity, at various points since May 2020. We have experienced significant disruptions in the production and availability of content, including the delay of key live sports programming and the suspension of most film and television production. Although production generally resumed beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, disruptions continue depending on local circumstances. We have taken a number of mitigation efforts in response to the impacts of COVID-19 on our businesses, including significantly increasing cash balances through the issuance of senior notes and suspending certain capital projects. We also reduced discretionary expenditures and management compensation, and furloughed over 120,000 employees, most of whom have returned as operations have reopened. The company announced a workforce reduction plan, which was essentially completed in the first half of fiscal 2021. We may take additional mitigation actions in the future such as raising additional financing, further suspending capital spending, or implementing additional furloughs or reductions in force. The most significant impact on operating income since the second quarter of fiscal 2020 from COVID-19 was at the DPEP segment due to revenue lost as a result of closures and/or reduced operating capacities. Although results improved in the second half of fiscal 2021 compared to the second half of fiscal 2020 from reopening our DPEP businesses, we continue to be impacted by reduced operating capacities. The reopening or closure of our businesses is dependent on applicable government requirements, which vary by location and are subject to ongoing changes. Our businesses have incurred and will continue to incur additional costs to address government regulations and the safety of our employees, guests, and talent. For example, when we reopened theme parks and retail stores, we incurred costs for additional custodial services, personal protection equipment, temperature screenings, and cleaning supplies. These costs totaled approximately $1 billion in fiscal 2021. The impact of these disruptions and the extent of their adverse impact on our financial and operational results will depend on the duration and severity of the impacts of COVID-19 and its variants. The company believes that its financial condition remains strong, and its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, and access to debt and equity capital markets provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements and upcoming debt maturities. However, the company may need to rely more heavily on external funding sources, such as debt and other types of financing, depending on the unknowable duration and severity of the future impacts of COVID-19. The company's operational flexibility has been tested, and the ability to adapt to changing circumstances has been crucial for maintaining performance under pressure. The company continues to assess its strategies and operational practices to enhance resilience in the face of ongoing challenges and uncertainties in the business environment.