The COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact the global economy, cause market instability and uncertainty in the labor market, and put pressure on the healthcare system. We continue to assist our customers, providers, members, and communities in addressing the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including by providing expanded benefit coverage for COVID-19 diagnostic tests, treatment, and vaccine administration. The pandemic has resulted in increased medical costs and has influenced our membership, benefit expenses, and member behavior, including how members access healthcare services. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale and provide access to new and evolving technologies and products. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic, and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. We monitor the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting legislative and regulatory changes to manage our response and assess and mitigate potential adverse impacts to our business. The patient protection and affordable care act has impacted our business model and strategy, introducing increased uncertainty. We expect that most of the act will continue to remain in place and impact our operations, including pricing and minimum medical loss ratios. Our strategy has been to participate in rating regions where we have confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, considering expected financial performance and regulatory environment. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused fluctuations in healthcare costs and utilization rates, impacting our ability to profitably underwrite our business. We work to mitigate medical cost trends through various management programs and benefit design changes. Our operating revenue increased primarily due to higher premium revenue driven by membership growth in our government business segment and increased product revenue. The increase in operating gain was due to the absence of charges for litigation accruals and reduced business optimization charges. We maintain a strong financial condition and liquidity position, with consolidated cash and investments. Our investment strategy is to make investments consistent with regulatory requirements while preserving our asset base. We believe cash on hand, operating cash receipts, and amounts available under credit facilities will be adequate to fund our expected cash disbursements. Our subsidiaries are subject to various government regulations that restrict the timing and amount of dividends and other distributions. We are in compliance with liquidity and capital requirements for a licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association. Our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs is critical, and we continually monitor and adjust our claims liability and benefit expense based on subsequent paid claims activity. The impact of COVID-19 on healthcare utilization has increased estimation uncertainty regarding our incurred but not reported liability. We are committed to maintaining operational continuity and adapting to changes in the business environment to ensure organizational resilience. Our comprehensive pharmacy benefits management services are designed to improve our ability to integrate pharmacy benefits within our medical and specialty platform, which is essential for maintaining competitive advantage and organizational health in a turbulent market.