The company maintains a conservative financial structure to provide the strength and flexibility necessary to achieve strategic objectives and has been successful in efficiently deploying cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions, and sustain long-term growth. The company continues to generate substantial operating cash flow, including significant growth in fiscal 2021 and over $3.0 billion in each of the last three years. Cash flows have been and are expected to be sufficient for at least the next 12 months to meet the company's operating requirements, including those related to salaries and wages, working capital, capital expenditures, and other liquidity requirements associated with operations. The company believes that sufficient funds will be available to meet its needs for the foreseeable future through operating cash flow, existing resources, short- and long-term debt capacity, or its revolving backup credit facility under which it has not incurred any borrowings. The company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the company. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2021. The company's internal accounting controls provide reasonable assurance that errors or irregularities that could be material to the financial statements are prevented or would be detected within a timely period. The audit committee of the board of directors is responsible for overseeing the company's financial reporting process and meets periodically with management and the company's internal auditors to review the work of each and to monitor the discharge by each of its responsibilities. The company has been able to readily meet all its funding requirements and currently believes that sufficient funds will be available to meet the company's needs in the foreseeable future through operating cash flow, existing resources, short- and long-term debt capacity, or backup credit lines. The company expects fiscal 2022 to be characterized by strong underlying demand, with strength in discrete and hybrid automation markets and further recovery in process markets. The company expects operational challenges to continue through the first half of the year, but price-cost is expected to turn to a tailwind during the second half. The company has implemented restructuring and cost reset actions that began in the third quarter of fiscal 2019, which contributed to strong profitability and a significant decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of sales. The company’s restructuring and cost reset actions have enabled it to adapt to changing market conditions and maintain operational flexibility. The company’s financial position, liquidity, and capital resources reflect its ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite the presence of adversity, demonstrating a commitment to organizational resilience. The company’s strategic initiatives and operational management practices are designed to enhance its adaptability and responsiveness to external pressures, ensuring continued performance maintenance and organizational effectiveness in the face of environmental disruptions. The company’s approach to risk management and resource allocation is integral to its resilience strategies, enabling it to confront unexpected situations and recover from disruptive events effectively.