EOG operates under a consistent business and operational strategy that focuses predominantly on maximizing the rate of return on investment of capital by controlling operating and capital costs and maximizing reserve recoveries. This strategy is intended to enhance the generation of cash flow and earnings from each unit of production on a cost-effective basis, allowing EOG to deliver long-term growth in shareholder value and maintain a strong balance sheet. EOG continues to monitor future market conditions and adjust its capital allocation strategy and production outlook accordingly in order to maximize shareholder value while maintaining its strong financial position. EOG's efforts to identify plays with large reserve potential have proven to be successful, and the company continues to drill numerous wells in large acreage plays, which contribute substantially to its crude oil and natural gas production. EOG has placed an emphasis on applying its horizontal drilling and completion expertise to unconventional crude oil and, to a lesser extent, liquids-rich natural gas plays. The company continues to focus on increasing drilling, completion, and operating efficiencies gained in prior years, resulting in lower operating, drilling, and completion costs. EOG faced interruptions to sales in certain markets due to disruptions throughout the United States from winter storm Uri in the first quarter of 2021, which negatively impacted lease and well, transportation, and gathering and processing costs. EOG will continue to monitor and assess any climate change-related developments that could impact its business and operations and take appropriate actions where necessary. The company has significant flexibility with respect to financing alternatives, including borrowings under its commercial paper program, bank borrowings, and borrowings under its senior unsecured revolving credit facility. EOG's debt-to-total capitalization ratio was 19% at December 31, 2021, compared to 22% at December 31, 2020. The company expects to continue to focus on mitigating inflationary pressure on operating costs through efficiency improvements. EOG's capital expenditures for 2022 are estimated to range from approximately $4.3 billion to $4.7 billion, excluding acquisitions and non-cash transactions, structured to maintain its strategy of capital discipline by funding its exploration, development, and exploitation activities primarily from available internally generated cash flows and cash on hand. EOG's management continues to believe it has one of the strongest prospect inventories in the company's history, and when it fits EOG's strategy, the company will make acquisitions that bolster existing drilling programs or offer incremental exploration and/or production opportunities. The company recognizes the importance of adapting to changes in the economic and political environment, including the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has introduced significant uncertainties regarding supply and demand for crude oil and natural gas. EOG's ability to respond effectively to these external pressures and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is integral to its organizational resilience. The company continues to evaluate opportunities to add drilling inventory through leasehold acquisitions, farm-ins, exchanges, or tactical acquisitions, thereby enhancing its operational flexibility and adaptability in a volatile market.