We have continued to closely monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our people and business. All of our IBX data centers have remained operational at the time of filing of this annual report on Form 10-K. We have begun a phased plan for return-to-office for most of our non-IBX attached sites on a voluntary basis in accordance with guidance provided by government agencies. While we are experiencing some construction delays, including those due to supply chain impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic, to date, the construction delays and additional costs are insignificant relative to the overall project duration and budget. We have not observed any significant disruption to our IBX data center operations. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic did not have a material impact on our results of operations. We incurred one-time cash bonuses and compensation expense of $8.6 million for our IBX employees as well as other employees to support their work-from-home requirements during the first quarter of 2020. We believe we have sufficient cash, coupled with anticipated cash generated from operating activities and external financing sources, to meet our operating requirements, including repayment of the current portion of our debt as it becomes due, distribution of dividends, and completion of our publicly announced acquisitions. We also believe that our financial resources will allow us to manage future possible impacts of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business operations for the foreseeable future, which could include reductions in revenue and delays in payments from customers and partners. As we continue to grow, we may pursue additional expansion opportunities, primarily the build-out of new IBX data centers, in certain of our existing markets which are at or near capacity within the next year, as well as potential acquisitions and joint ventures. Our global platform enables scalable, reliable, and cost-effective interconnection that increases data traffic exchange while lowering overall cost and increasing flexibility. Our focused business model is built on our critical mass of enterprise and service provider customers and the resulting "marketplace" effect. This global platform, combined with our strong financial position, has driven new customer growth and bookings. We have entered into joint ventures to develop and operate Xscale data centers to serve the needs of the growing hyperscale data center market, including the world's largest cloud service providers. We will continue to look at attractive opportunities to grow our market share and selectively improve our footprint and offerings. Our expansion criteria will be dependent on a number of factors, including demand from new and existing customers, quality of the design, power capacity, access to networks, clouds and software partners, capacity availability in the current market location, and the amount of incremental investment required by us in the targeted property. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase across all three regions as we continue to invest in our operations to support our growth, including investments to enhance our technology platform and to integrate recent acquisitions. We continue to monitor the available capacity in each of our selected markets. To the extent we have limited capacity available in a given market, it may limit our ability for growth in that market. Our business is based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings, which we consider recurring because our customers are generally billed on a fixed and recurring basis each month for the duration of their contract.