The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted, and may further adversely impact, nearly all aspects of our business and markets, including our workforce and the operations of our customers, suppliers, and business partners. Our priority has been to maintain access for patients to our life-saving technologies while providing continuous front-line support to our clinician partners, and protecting the well-being of our employees. Our manufacturing operations have continued to respond to impacts related to COVID-19, and we have been able to supply our technologies around the world. Across the organization, we are proactively managing inventory, assessing alternative logistics options, and closely monitoring the supply of components. Despite the challenges associated with COVID-19, our net sales for 2021 were $5.2 billion, representing an increase of $846.2 million over 2020, driven by sales growth of our TAVR products. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are dedicated to generating robust clinical, economic, and quality-of-life evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the current healthcare environment, with the goal of encouraging the adoption of innovative new medical therapies that demonstrate superior outcomes. Our dedicated field teams found creative ways to support physicians, our engineers continued to advance innovation, and our colleagues worked diligently to keep our clinical trials on track. We are closely monitoring the impact of COVID-19 on all aspects of our business and geographies, including its impact on our customers, employees, suppliers, vendors, business partners, and distribution channels. The extent to which COVID-19 and measures taken in response thereto impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict. These developments include, but are not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity, the actions to contain the virus or address its impact, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. We believe that these sources are sufficient to fund the current and long-term requirements of working capital, capital expenditures, and other financial commitments. We periodically consider various financing alternatives and may, from time to time, seek to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions. We have a five-year credit agreement which matures on April 28, 2023. The credit agreement provides up to an aggregate of $750.0 million in borrowings in multiple currencies. Subject to certain terms and conditions, we may increase the amount available under the credit agreement by up to an additional $250.0 million in the aggregate. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2021 compared to 2020 was driven primarily by a 0.5 percentage point increase in the United States due to an improved product mix, driven by TAVR products, and lower incremental costs associated with COVID-19. In June 2021, we received FDA clearance for the Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index software with the Acumen IQ finger cuff, which is the first noninvasive solution that uses machine learning to alert clinicians of the likelihood a patient is trending toward hypotension. We have received regulatory approval in Japan for our Mitris valve, a new mitral valve incorporating Resilia technology, which was launched in Japan during the second quarter of 2021. We estimate that these contingent payments could be up to $835.0 million if all milestones or other contingent obligations are met. We continue to evaluate all possible remedies available to us, which could take several years to resolve.