We operate large, long-lived, geographically diverse assets with significant proven and probable mineral reserves of copper, gold, and molybdenum. Our results for 2021 reflect strong operating and financial performance, and cash flow generation. Despite continued challenges associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, we achieved a 19 percent increase in copper sales volumes and a 59 percent increase in gold sales volumes in 2021, compared with 2020. We expect to grow production and sales volumes while continuing to execute our operating plans, which we expect will provide strong cash flows to support advancement of organic growth initiatives and continue cash returns to shareholders under our established financial policy, based on a favorable operational and market outlook. We have significant mineral reserves, mineral resources, and future development opportunities within our portfolio of mining assets. Our estimated consolidated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves totaled 107.2 billion pounds of copper, 27.1 million ounces of gold, and 3.39 billion pounds of molybdenum. The successful ramp-up of underground mining at the Grasberg minerals district achieved quarterly copper and gold volumes in the fourth quarter approximating 100 percent of the projected annualized levels. Operations at the Lone Star copper leach project exceeded initial design capacity and produced approximately 235 million pounds of copper. We continue to advance several initiatives to recover additional copper from our large existing leach stockpiles, which incorporate new applications, technologies, and data analytics currently being developed. Our financial results vary as a result of fluctuations in market prices primarily for copper, gold, and, to a lesser extent, molybdenum, as well as other factors. The long-term outlook for our business is positively supported by expected rising demand associated with limitations on supplies of copper, the global economic recovery, and infrastructure development. We believe that we have a high-quality portfolio of long-lived copper assets positioned to generate long-term value. Our cash generating capability and financial condition, which includes $8.1 billion of consolidated cash and cash equivalents, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing, and financing needs over the next several years. We are committed to validating all of our copper producing sites with the Copper Mark, a comprehensive assurance framework designed to demonstrate responsible production practices. We published our updated climate report detailing the work underway across our global business to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, improve energy efficiency, advance the use of renewable energy, and enhance our resilience to future climate-related risks. We are advancing innovation initiatives designed to enhance productivity, expand margins, and reduce the capital intensity of our business through the utilization of new technology applications. We are also evaluating organic growth opportunities for expansion of certain of our operations in North America and South America, including at Bagdad, Lone Star, and El Abra, the timing of which will be dependent on market conditions. We have significant mineral reserves and future opportunities in the U.S., primarily associated with existing mining operations, and we continue to monitor potential changes in regulatory and fiscal matters in Chile.