The COVID-19 pandemic had a profound impact on our industry throughout 2021, resulting in unprecedented demand for our residential delivery services, rivaling our peak holiday season traffic. We were able to flex our networks and make adjustments as needed to accommodate increased volumes under current operating conditions; however, we incurred elevated operating expenses to support demand for our services in the COVID-19 pandemic environment. Our business is labor and capital intensive, which required us to incur higher costs to operate our networks during the pandemic, including increased wage rates and costs for additional personnel in place to support our operations and meet regulatory requirements. We took measures to adhere to all regulations and guidelines from government authorities related to the containment of COVID-19 and to protect and promote health and safety. In connection with this, we incurred increased operating expenses related to personal protective equipment and medical/safety supplies, as well as additional security and cleaning services, to protect our team members and customers during the COVID-19 pandemic. As a response to these increased costs, we implemented various pricing initiatives throughout 2021 to mitigate the negative impact of the change in our operating expense profile. We also took certain actions during 2021 to improve our liquidity and strengthen our financial position, given the uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. We issued $970 million of pass-through certificates and $3.25 billion of senior unsecured debt under our shelf registration statement. We used the proceeds of the senior unsecured debt offerings during the fourth quarter of 2021 to redeem $5.8 billion of our existing debt, which eliminated near-term debt obligations taken on during the early stages of the COVID-19 pandemic. We expect continued uncertainty in our business and the global economy due to the duration and spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, the success of efforts to contain it and treat its impact, the possibility of additional subsequent widespread outbreaks, and the resulting effects on the economic conditions in the global markets in which we operate. We will continue to manage network capacity to the demand levels, flexing our network and making adjustments as needed to align with volumes and operating conditions. We are focused on improving revenue quality and lowering costs through investments in technology aimed at improving productivity and safety. We expect to incur approximately $150 million of TNT Express integration expenses in 2022, which is expected to improve our European revenue and profitability. We will continue to execute initiatives in addition to the integration to transform and optimize the FedEx Express international business, particularly in Europe. These actions are focused on reducing the complexity and fragmentation of our international business, improving efficiency to meet changing customer expectations and business dynamics, lowering costs, increasing profitability, and improving service levels. Our capital expenditures for 2022 are expected to be approximately $7.2 billion, which will include strategic investments to increase capacity to support elevated volume levels, aircraft modernization, and investments in productivity and safety. We expect to continue to incur higher costs required to meet anticipated demand, including higher labor costs as a result of challenging labor markets.