The company has taken several actions to protect its employees while maintaining business continuity, including implementing its comprehensive pandemic plan. The pandemic plan includes site-specific plans as well as travel restrictions, medical response protocols, work-from-home strategies, and enhanced cleaning within our locations. As a critical infrastructure provider for the global economy, the company continues to operate around the world to serve its clients. The spread of COVID-19 has caused the company to modify its business practices, and it may take further actions as required by government authorities or as determined to be in the best interests of its employees, clients, and business partners. The company has outfitted employees to provide services from home or transferred work to other locations, and it recently began a limited reopening of offices in certain locations where COVID-19 infection rates have significantly reduced. The company continues to assist financial institutions in migrating to outsourced integrated technology solutions to improve their profitability and address increasing and ongoing regulatory requirements. As a provider of outsourced solutions, the company benefits from multi-year recurring revenue streams, which help moderate the effects of broader year-to-year economic and market changes that might otherwise have a larger impact on its results of operations. The company believes its integrated solutions and outsourced services are well-positioned to address this outsourcing trend across the markets it serves. The company continues to invest in modernization, innovation, and integrated solutions and services to meet the demands of the markets it serves and compete with global banks, financial and other technology providers, and emerging technology innovators. The internal efforts in research and development activities have related primarily to the modernization of proprietary core systems, design and development of next-generation digital and innovative solutions, and development of processing systems and related software applications and risk management platforms. The company has increased its investments in these areas in each of the last three years and expects to continue investing an appropriate level of resources to maintain, enhance, and extend the functionality of its proprietary systems and existing software applications. The COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated digitization of banking and payment services by requiring, in many cases, banks and bank customers to transact through digital channels. The company believes that these market changes present both an opportunity and a risk, and it cannot predict which emerging technologies or solutions will be successful. However, the company believes that payment processors with scalable, integrated business models will be best positioned to enable emerging alternative electronic payment technologies. The company remains focused on making strategic investments in information security to protect its clients and information systems, which include both capital expenditures and operating expenses related to hardware, software, personnel, and consulting services. The company also participates in industry and governmental initiatives to improve information security for its clients. The company believes that its depth of capabilities and breadth of distribution will enhance its position as emerging payment technologies are adopted by merchants and other businesses. The liquidity has improved during 2021 compared to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, but it could be impacted if economic conditions deteriorate or as a result of governmental measures that might be imposed in response to the pandemic or any recurrence or related variants thereof.