The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted global economies, resulting in workforce and travel restrictions, supply chain and production disruptions, and reduced demand and spending across many sectors. These factors have had a material adverse impact on our operations and financial performance, particularly in our aviation segment. We anticipate that our operations and financial performance will continue to be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic in future periods, depending on factors outside our control, including the severity and duration of the pandemic and the development, availability, and public acceptance of effective treatments and vaccines. In response to the adverse environment, we have taken several actions to ensure our business is appropriately sized for the future, including monitoring the pace of demand recovery and collaborating with our airline and leasing customers on production rates. We announced a strategic plan to form three public companies focused on aviation, healthcare, and renewable energy, which will allow each to benefit from greater focus, tailored capital allocation, and strategic flexibility to deliver long-term growth and create value for customers, investors, and employees. Our transition to one-column consolidated financial statements reflects the reduction in size of our financial services portfolio as a result of various strategic actions taken over recent years. We have experienced significant impacts from inflation in our supply chain and delays in sourcing key materials needed for our products, which have delayed our ability to convert remaining performance obligations to revenue. We continue to execute on structural cost reductions and cash optimization actions to invest in growth and research and development. Our healthcare segment has seen a recovery in hospital spending, with demand recovering to pre-pandemic levels, although we are still facing supply chain challenges. We remain committed to innovation and investing in precision health, creating new products and digital solutions tailored to the different needs of our global customers. Our renewable energy segment is positioned to lead the energy transition with products and services that grow renewable energy generation, lower the cost of electricity, and modernize the grid. We are also addressing the challenges of the energy transition by connecting intermittent renewable energy generation to transmission networks. Our power segment continues to streamline its business to better align with market demand and drive operational rigor and discipline focused on customer lifecycle experience. We expect the gas market to remain stable through the next decade, with gas generation continuing to grow low-single-digits, playing a critical role in the energy transition. We are actively monitoring the impact of rising inflationary costs, broader supply chain challenges, and the uncertain timing of deal closures due to financing complexities. Our organizational practices emphasize resilience strategies, operational flexibility, and adaptability to ensure we can confront and recover from unexpected situations and external pressures. We are committed to maintaining our organizational health and effectiveness through strategic initiatives that enhance our capabilities and performance under pressure, ensuring we can navigate complex situations and environmental disruptions effectively.