We report google in two segments, google services and google cloud; we also report all non-google businesses collectively as other bets. We are focused on expanding our products and services to stay in front of these trends in order to maintain and grow our business. As online advertising evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings, which may affect our monetization. We continue to make significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus across google services, google cloud and other bets. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. We continue to serve our users and expand our businesses, and we will invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures. We face continuing changes in regulatory conditions, laws, and public policies, which could affect our business practices and financial results. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets. We expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities, cash flows from operations and financing activities to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. We regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace and form of capital return to stockholders. We continue to make investments in land and buildings for data centers and offices and information technology assets to provide capacity for the growth of our services and products. We have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. The adverse effect of COVID-19 on 2020 advertising revenues also contributed to the year-over-year growth. Throughout 2021 we remained focused on innovating and investing in the services we offer to consumers and businesses to support our long-term growth. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, be unpredictable and affect our business and financial results. Our past results may not be indicative of our future performance, and historical trends in our financial results may differ materially. We expect these trends to continue to affect our revenue growth rates and put pressure on our margins. The increase in expenses was partially offset by a reduction in costs driven by the change in the estimated useful life of our servers and certain network equipment. We evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate. We regularly enter into significant non-cancelable contractual obligations primarily related to data center operations and build-outs, information technology assets, office buildings, purchases of inventory, and network capacity arrangements. We expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs. The increase in compensation expenses was largely due to an 11% increase in headcount. The increase in advertising and promotional activities was driven by both increased spending in the current period and a reduction in spending in 2020 due to COVID-19. We have entered into leases that have not yet commenced with future short-term and long-term lease payments that are not yet recorded on our consolidated balance sheets.