The company continues to adhere to its purpose to keep the world working while using its core principles as the framework for expanding Grainger's leadership position and ensuring Grainger is the go-to partner for building and running safe, sustainable, and productive operations. The COVID-19 pandemic caused significant disruptions in the U.S. and global markets, and the full extent of the impacts will depend on several uncertain and unpredictable developments including any continued spread of the virus and its variants, the availability and effectiveness of treatments and vaccines, and the overall impact of government measures to combat the spread of the virus. While the ongoing recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic has fluctuated throughout the year, it has been accompanied by a resurgence in demand as industries return to regular operations, which continues to disrupt supply chains, transportation efficiency, raw materials, and labor availability. Grainger's businesses and its major facilities have remained operational as customers rely on Grainger's products and services to keep their businesses up and running. The company continues to monitor and refine its product assortment and inventory availability and remains committed to serving customers and supporting team members. As the pandemic continues to impact global markets and the needs of customers, team members, suppliers, and communities continue to change, the company's efforts and business plan will evolve accordingly. The company qualified for certain government assistance programs that partially offset related expenses in Canada and the U.K. Grainger is focused on servicing customers and communities in addressing the pandemic and providing products to assist in the ongoing recovery, supporting the needs and safety of team members, and ensuring the company continues to operate with a strong financial position. The company has implemented a dedicated cross-functional task force to understand and implement guidance from government agencies and health officials to meet requirements from federal, state, and local authorities and may take further actions in the best interests of its team members, customers, suppliers, and shareholders. The company’s strategic priorities continue to be affected by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has necessitated adaptations in its operational management and strategic response to ensure business continuity. Grainger's ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite adversity is evident in its commitment to maintaining operational flexibility and adapting to changing customer needs. The company’s focus on continuous improvement in customer experience, optimizing cost structures, and investing in digital marketing and technology infrastructure reflects its resilience strategies aimed at navigating environmental perturbations and sustaining performance under pressure. The ongoing evolution of Grainger's business plans and strategic initiatives highlights its organizational capabilities to confront and manage complex situations, ensuring that it remains a resilient partner in the MRO space. The company’s financial condition is supported by its liquidity position, which is expected to meet its needs for the next twelve months, allowing for continued investment in growth initiatives and operational continuity. Grainger’s proactive measures in response to market pressures and its focus on resource allocation and management further illustrate its commitment to organizational resilience and adaptability in a turbulent business environment.