The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has created economic and financial disruptions globally and has led governmental authorities to take unprecedented measures to mitigate the spread of the disease, including travel bans, border closings, business closures, quarantines, and shelter-in-place orders, and to take actions designed to stabilize markets and promote economic growth. From an operational perspective, our businesses, including our exchanges, clearing houses, listing venues, data services businesses, and mortgage platforms, have remained open, and we do not have any plans to close any of our business operations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have taken preventative measures and implemented contingency plans, and many of our employees are continuing to work remotely. We believe that our global office closures and phased re-opening measures were and continue to be in compliance, as necessary, with local government directives and social distancing directives. We continue to monitor local government mandates in determining our office re-openings, re-closures, and work-related travel. Global health concerns relating to COVID-19 and preventive measures taken to reduce its spread have created significant volatility in financial markets, which has resulted in higher trading volumes for some of our products and increased demand for our services. The extent of the impact of the pandemic on our business will depend on future developments, including the duration, spread, and severity of the outbreak, the effectiveness of vaccines against COVID-19 over the long term and against new and emerging variants thereof, and the actions taken to contain the spread of the disease or mitigate its impact. We continue to monitor this dynamic situation, including guidance and regulations issued by U.S. and other governmental authorities. Our business environment has been characterized by globalization of marketplaces, customers, and competitors; growing customer demand for workflow efficiency and automation; commodity, interest rate, and financial markets uncertainty; growing demand for data to inform customers' risk management and investment decisions; evolving, increasing, and disparate regulation across multiple jurisdictions; and increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or transaction activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of recurring revenues from 34% in 2014 to 49% in 2021. Many of the data products we sell and services we provide are required for our clients' business operations regardless of market volatility or shifts in business profitability levels. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams and prudently manage expenses in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, markets, and technology solutions. The recent changes with regard to global financial reform have emphasized the importance of transparent markets, centralized clearing, and access to data, all of which are important aspects of our product offering. However, some of the proposed rules have yet to be implemented, and some rules that have already been partially implemented are being reconsidered. As the evolution continues, legislative and regulatory actions may change the way we conduct our business and may create uncertainty for market participants, which could affect trading volumes or demand for market data.