Our customer first mindset means that we put customer needs at the center of our business. We are committed to our customers' success by delivering a portfolio of high-quality products, performance, and experiences to solve the world's most challenging problems. Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, time spent on PCs has increased dramatically across all major usage categories, reinforcing the importance of bringing innovative platforms and form factors to market that unlock real-world experiences. The pandemic has driven significant behavior changes that have positioned the PC as an essential tool in people's lives. We continue to see an increase in PCs per student, indicating a significant opportunity in the commercial segment driven by the refresh of older Windows devices. Our role as a technology leader is more important than ever, and our commitment to creating an open ecosystem is critical to delivering on our ambition. We embrace and collaborate with a vibrant ecosystem of OEM partners to identify innovation vectors. The breadth of a robust ecosystem like Windows/x86 is an incredibly powerful combination, bringing together hundreds of companies and creative advancements that are not possible for one company alone to deliver. We are committed to advancing PC experiences by delivering an annual cadence of leadership products and deepening our relationships with industry partners to co-engineer and deliver leading platform innovation. We will embrace these opportunities by investing more heavily in the PC, ramping its capabilities even more aggressively, and designing the PC experience even more deliberately. By doing this, we will continue to fuel innovation across Intel, providing a growing source of IP, scale, and cash flow. We are uniquely positioned to enable the world to unleash the potential of data, unlocking value for people, business, and society on a global scale. We serve the global appetite for cloud computing and enable digital transformation from edge to cloud. Our internet of things portfolio is comprised of our IoTG and Mobileye businesses, developing high-performance compute platforms that solve the technology needs for business use cases that scale across vertical industries and embedded markets. We reduce complexity in the ecosystem with common silicon architectures and software to help enable our customers to create, store, and process data at the edge. Our commitment to advancing technologies enables healthcare providers to focus on patients and their care, making healthcare and life sciences more connected, personalized, and intelligent. We are transforming manufacturing today and expanding what is possible for tomorrow's autonomous operations, addressing industry challenges while bringing AI and analytics to operations. Our investments in R&D to accelerate our growth are critical to maintaining our competitive position. We continue to face industry-wide supply constraints, which are expected to persist, and we have taken major actions along the supply chain to eliminate bottlenecks. We are also working with the industry to provide TAM forecasts that help our suppliers better deliver on industry needs. Our strategic initiatives include leveraging our engineering capabilities and working with our partners across an open, innovative ecosystem to deliver technology that drives every major vector of the computing experience. We are committed to maintaining operational continuity and flexibility in the face of external pressures and environmental disruptions, ensuring that we can adapt and respond effectively to unexpected situations.