The company has a diversified business model across the healthcare industry with flexibility designed into its manufacturing, research and development clinical operations and commercial capabilities. The robust, active business continuity plans across the company's network have been instrumental in preparing the company for events like COVID-19, and the ability to meet the majority of patient and consumer needs remains uninterrupted. The company continues to leverage its global manufacturing footprint and dual-source capabilities while closely monitoring and maintaining critical inventory at major distribution centers away from high-risk areas to help ensure adequate and effective distribution. Employees are empowered and inspired to lead with the company's credo and purpose as guides, allowing every employee to use the company's reach and size to advance the company's purpose and to lead with agility and urgency. Leveraging the extensive resources across the enterprise enables the company to innovate and execute with excellence, ensuring the company can remain focused on addressing the unmet needs of society every day and invest for an enduring impact. The company has established a global vaccine supply network, where multiple manufacturing sites will be involved in the production of the vaccine across different countries and continents. The company does not believe that a disruption at a vaccine manufacturing site, or the resulting delay, would have a material financial impact on the company's consolidated financial statements or results. The company's high-quality credit rating allows superior access to the financial capital markets for the foreseeable future. The company has considered various internal and external factors in assessing the potential impact of COVID-19 on its business and financial results. The company continues to monitor its internal and external supply arrangements and has entered into contract manufacturing arrangements for vaccine production with third-party organizations, providing future supplemental commercial capacity for vaccine production. The company has also entered into certain vaccine development cost-sharing arrangements with government-related organizations. The company is committed to creating value by developing accessible, high-quality, innovative products and services. Management's objectives are centered around blending heart, science, and ingenuity to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity. The company is poised to fulfill its purpose and successfully meet the demands of the rapidly evolving markets in which it competes. The company has seen a market recovery in global procedural volumes in the medical devices segment compared to the prior year, which had significant negative impacts from COVID-19. The company expects these supply chain actions to generate approximately $0.6 to $0.8 billion in annual pre-tax cost savings that will be substantially delivered by the end of 2022. The company anticipates that operating cash flows, the ability to raise funds from external sources, borrowing capacity from existing committed credit facilities, and access to the commercial paper markets will continue to provide sufficient resources to fund operating needs. The company continues to evaluate and monitor both its internal and external supply arrangements, including its contract with Emergent BioSolutions and related production activities. The company has a long-standing policy of pricing products responsibly and strives to maintain its profit margins through cost reduction programs, productivity improvements, and periodic price increases.