During the year ended December 31, 2021, we believe we are uniquely positioned, with our broad portfolio and unmatched distribution network, to successfully navigate through the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, which has created headwinds for our products that we expect to continue into 2022. The steps we have taken over the course of the pandemic to strengthen our balance sheet leave us well positioned to manage our business. We continue to manage all aspects of our business, including monitoring the financial health of our customers, suppliers, and other third-party relationships, implementing gross margin enhancement strategies through our integration and productivity initiatives, and developing new opportunities for growth such as innovation and agreements with partners to distribute brands that are accretive to our portfolio. We have experienced supply chain disruptions and a significant inflationary impact compared to the prior year, which intensified during the later part of the year due to the surge in cases resulting from the Omicron variant. These challenges have led to broad-based inflation in input costs, logistics, manufacturing, and labor costs, which could impact our margins and operating results. We, along with our competitors, have increased the pricing on a number of products in response to widespread inflation. Our integrated business model enables us to be more flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our large retail customers and allows us to leverage our scale and reduce costs by creating greater geographic manufacturing and distribution coverage. The ongoing uncertainties and trends affecting our business include our ability to repay existing debt maturities through cash flow from operations or refinance through future issuances of senior unsecured notes, as well as our ability to access and/or renew our committed financing arrangements. Disruptions in financial and credit markets, including those caused by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. These disruptions could have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to timely pay their obligations to us, thus reducing our cash flow, or the ability of our vendors to timely supply materials. We believe that our financial condition and liquidity remain strong, and net cash provided by operations was $2,874 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to $2,456 million for the prior year. Our cash conversion cycle reflects our ongoing efforts to improve our cash flow and related liquidity. We have significantly invested in state-of-the-art manufacturing and warehousing facilities to optimize our supply chain network through integration and productivity projects and to mitigate the risk of business interruption. We have made net repayments of $4,896 million of our notes, our commercial paper, and our other credit agreements since the DPS merger, including $1,721 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. We are committed to enhancing our operational continuity and resilience strategies to ensure we can adapt to future challenges and maintain our performance under pressure.