The events surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic had resulted in a reduction in economic activity across the globe, and while all of our global sites are currently operational, any local pandemic outbreaks could require us to temporarily curtail production levels or temporarily cease operations based on government mandates. We remain committed to the health and safety of our employees, contractors, suppliers, customers, and communities, and are following government policies and recommendations designed to slow the spread of COVID-19. Our efforts to respond to the pandemic have included health screenings, social distancing, employee separation protocols at our facilities, suspension of non-essential business travel, and work from home to the extent possible. We believe these actions are appropriate and prudent to safeguard our employees, contractors, suppliers, customers, and communities, while allowing us to safely continue operations to the extent possible at our sites across the globe. We will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions altering our business operations that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, suppliers, and stakeholders, or as required by federal, state, or local authorities. Our customer base, particularly in the semiconductor industry, has become increasingly concentrated, so large orders from a relatively limited number of customers account for a substantial portion of our sales, which potentially exposes us to more earnings volatility. The pervasive and increasing needs for semiconductors in many consumer and industrial products, the rapid proliferation of new applications for more advanced semiconductor devices, and the increasing complexity associated with leading-edge semiconductor manufacturing drives demand for our process control and yield management solutions. The favorable end market dynamics are driving our customers to make increased investments in our process control and yield management solutions as part of their overall capital investment plans. Our gross margin fluctuates with revenue levels and product mix and is affected by variations in costs related to manufacturing and servicing our products, including our ability to scale our operations efficiently and effectively in response to prevailing business conditions. The increase in our gross margin from 57.9% to 59.9% during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, is primarily attributable to a higher revenue volume of products and services sold and a more profitable mix of products and services sold, partially offset by an increase in service and manufacturing costs. Our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. To do this, we believe that we must continue to make substantial and focused investments in our research and development. We are committed to product development in new and emerging technologies, which is essential to our success. The increase in service revenues by 14% in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, compared to the prior year, is primarily attributable to an increase in the number of systems installed at our customers' sites. We are organized into four reportable segments, and our operational flexibility allows us to adapt to changing market conditions and customer needs effectively. We believe that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash and cash equivalents balances and our $1.00 billion revolving credit facility, will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements associated with working capital needs, capital expenditures, cash dividends, stock repurchases, and other contractual obligations for at least the next 12 months.