We are a global company focused on delivering products and solutions that provide better care for a better world, with manufacturing facilities in 33 countries, including our equity affiliates, and products sold in more than 175 countries and territories. In operating our business, we seek to grow our portfolio of brands through innovation, category development, and commercial execution, leverage our cost and financial discipline to fund growth and improve margins, and allocate capital in value-creating ways. We initiated our 2018 global restructuring program to reduce our structural cost base by streamlining and simplifying our manufacturing supply chain and overhead organization. The restructuring actions were completed in 2021, impacting all of our business segments and organizations in all major geographies. Savings from this initiative were $140 million in 2021, bringing cumulative annual savings to $560 million versus the 2017 baseline. Our results of operations have been affected by the unprecedented volatility related to the continuing effect of the global COVID-19 pandemic on supply and demand dynamics. The pandemic has significantly disrupted supply chains across the globe, causing challenges in getting input materials into our production facilities, production delays, and higher costs to get products from our production facilities to our customers. We continue to focus on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders, with cash provided by operations amounting to $2.7 billion in 2021. Our growth strategy is built on two pillars: elevating our core business through value-added innovations and expanding our markets, particularly in Latin America, Asia, Eastern Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. We believe our strategic growth focus, sustainability initiatives, and continued investment in e-commerce capabilities position us well relative to changing consumer preferences and market dynamics. We are subject to risks and uncertainties that can affect our business operations and financial results, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, the prices and availability of our raw materials, supply chain disruptions due to COVID-19, and changes in customer preferences. Our climate change risk categories include risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy and risks related to the physical impacts of climate change. We continue to progress toward our 2030 sustainability goals, which include elements aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions and the use of natural forest fibers. The macro business environment experienced unprecedented volatility in 2021, affecting our sales, particularly in consumer tissue and K-C Professional, due to COVID-19-related demand spikes and inventory destocking. We aim to drive sales growth at or ahead of category growth rates through innovation, premiumization, and strong brand-building plans. Our operating costs include raw materials, labor, selling, general and administrative expenses, taxes, currency impacts, and financing costs, which we manage through cost-saving and productivity initiatives. The underlying causes of supply chain disruption and higher costs will take time to be resolved, and we expect the higher cost environment to continue. We believe that our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, capital spending, pension contributions, dividends, and other needs for the foreseeable future.