We examine a number of variables and factors on a routine basis to evaluate our current performance and our prospects for the future. To the extent practicable and economically feasible in light of our strategic plans and other factors, we generally attempt to mitigate risk of reduced volumes and prices by negotiating contracts with longer terms, with higher per-unit pricing and for a greater percentage of our available capacity. Our service contracts may rely solely on a single type of arrangement, but more often they combine elements of two or more of the above, which helps us and our counterparties manage the extent to which each shares in the potential risks and benefits of changing commodity prices. The profitability of our refined petroleum products pipeline transportation business generally is driven by the volume of refined petroleum products that we transport and the prices we receive for our services. Demand for refined petroleum products tends to track in large measure demographic and economic growth, and, with the exception of periods of time with very high product prices or recessionary conditions, demand tends to be relatively stable. Therefore, we seek to own refined petroleum products pipelines and terminals located in, or that transport to, stable or growing markets and population centers. Our crude, condensate and refined petroleum products transportation services are primarily provided pursuant to either FERC or state tariffs and long-term contracts that normally contain minimum volume commitments. As a result of these contracts, our settlement volumes are generally not sensitive to changing market conditions in the shorter term; however, the revenues and earnings we realize from our pipelines and terminals are affected by the volumes of crude oil, refined petroleum products and condensate available to our pipeline systems, which are impacted by the level of oil and gas drilling activity and product demand in the respective regions that we serve. We generally attempt to mitigate the risk of reduced volumes and pricing by negotiating contracts with longer terms, with higher per-unit pricing and for a greater percentage of our available capacity. Weather-related events, including hurricanes, may impact our facilities and access to them and, thus, the profitability of certain terminals for limited periods of time or, in relatively rare cases of severe damage to facilities, for longer periods. In addition, we monitor the amount of capital we expend in relation to the amount of production that we expect to add. Our success in this portion of the CO2 business segment can be impacted by the demand for CO2. The revenues we receive from our crude oil and NGL sales are affected by the prices we realize from the sale of these products. Over the long-term, we will tend to receive prices that are dictated by the demand and overall market price for these products. In the shorter term, however, market prices are likely not indicative of the revenues we will receive due to our risk management, or hedging, program, in which the prices to be realized for certain of our future sales quantities are fixed, capped or bracketed through the use of financial derivative contracts. Our earnings for 2021 reflect impacts of the February 2021 winter storm that affected Texas, which are largely nonrecurring. The expectations for 2022 discussed above involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and are not guarantees of performance. Many of the factors that will determine these expectations are beyond our ability to control or predict, and because of these uncertainties, it is advisable not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. We routinely evaluate these estimates, utilizing historical experience, consultation with experts and other methods we consider reasonable in the particular circumstances. Nevertheless, actual results may differ significantly from our estimates, and any effects on our business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known.