Significant fluctuations occurred in our business during 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which brought to the forefront the importance to the customer of fresh and a seamless digital offering. Our agility and the commitment from our associates is allowing us to navigate a more volatile inflationary environment, current labor and supply chain conditions, and provide fresh food at affordable prices across our seamless ecosystem. We connected with customers through our expanding seamless ecosystem and the consistent delivery of a full, fresh, and friendly customer experience. The change in customer behavior caused by COVID-19 was a major factor in our results over the past two years. Our execution of this model is allowing us to deliver today and invest for the future. We continue to invest in areas of the business that matter most to our customers and deepen our competitive moats to drive sustainable sales growth in our retail supermarket business. We are evolving from a traditional food retailer into a more diverse, food-first business that we expect will consistently deliver net earnings growth in the future. Our balanced model is allowing us to deliver for shareholders, invest in our associates, continue to provide fresh affordable food to our customers, and uplift our communities. We expect the momentum in our business to continue and have confidence in our ability to navigate a rapidly changing operating environment. Our guidance also highlights the flexibility and multiple levers that exist within our model today, which will allow us to deliver adjusted net earnings per diluted share growth in 2022, while cycling COVID-19 effects and investing for future growth. We have developed multiple levers within our business model to ensure we deliver net earnings growth and consistent and attractive total shareholder return. Our value creation model is built on Kroger's unique assets, which, when combined with our go-to-market strategy, deliver an unmatched value proposition for our customers. We are committed to maintaining our current investment grade debt rating and our net total debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio target range. Our strategic priorities of leading with fresh and accelerating with digital propelled Kroger to record performance in 2021, on top of record results in 2020. We expect to continue to generate strong free cash flow and are committed to being disciplined with capital deployment in support of our value creation model and stated capital allocation priorities. The pandemic has had, and is continuing to have, a significant impact on our business and results of operations. We expect the ultimate significance will be dictated by the length of time that such circumstances continue, which will depend on the currently unknowable extent and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and any governmental and public actions taken in response. Strong execution by our team and accelerated investments in our competitive moats over the past two fiscal years allowed us to strengthen our balance sheet. We proactively borrowed $1 billion under the revolving credit facility as a precautionary measure in order to preserve financial flexibility, reduce reliance on the commercial paper market, and maintain liquidity in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. We fully repaid the $1 billion borrowed under the revolving credit facility in addition to $1.2 billion of commercial paper obligations outstanding as of year-end 2019, using cash generated by operations. We maintain a temporary cash investment balance of $1.5 billion as of year-end 2021. Our business is built on the foundation of our market-leading position in food retail, which reflects the strength of our competitive moats and our unique combination of assets. We believe our unique combination of assets will enable us to adapt and respond to future challenges effectively.