We operate in an environment characterized by both complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. Recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we place considerable focus on affordability initiatives while endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner, with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities as well as growing our international sales. The COVID-19 pandemic continued to present business challenges in 2021, impacting each of our business areas related to COVID-19, primarily in continued increased coronavirus-related costs, delays in supplier deliveries, travel restrictions, site access and quarantine restrictions, employee absences, remote work, and adjusted work schedules. We continued to take measures to protect the health and safety of our employees, including encouraging employees to be vaccinated. We also continued to work with our customers and suppliers to minimize disruptions, including using accelerated progress payments from the U.S. government and cash on hand to accelerate payments to our suppliers. We will continue to monitor risk driven by the pandemic and expect to continue to accelerate payments to our suppliers based on risk assessed need. Our key programs continue to be supported and funded despite the continuing resolution financing mechanism. However, during periods covered by continuing resolutions or in the event of a government shutdown, we may experience delays in procurement of products and services due to lack of funding, which may affect our results of operations. We expect 2022 net sales to decrease by approximately 2% from 2021 levels, driven by declines at three of the four business areas. We continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers. We accomplish this in part by our independent research and development activities and through acquisition, divestiture, and internal realignment activities. We also may explore the divestiture of businesses that no longer meet our needs or strategy or that could perform better outside of our organization. We have been advised by the FTC that its concerns regarding the transaction cannot be addressed adequately by the terms of a consent order. We believe it is highly likely that the FTC will vote to sue to block the transaction. The ultimate impact of COVID-19 on our operations and financial performance in future periods remains uncertain and will depend on future pandemic-related developments, including the duration of the pandemic, potential subsequent waves of COVID-19 infection, and the effectiveness and adoption of COVID-19 vaccines. We expect to continue to opportunistically manage our pension liabilities through the purchase of group annuity contracts for portions of our outstanding defined benefit pension obligations. We also continue to actively manage our debt levels, including maturities and interest rates, and our pension obligations. We expect to continue to monitor risk driven by the pandemic and will prioritize small and COVID-19 impacted businesses. Our cash flows may be affected if the U.S. government changes its payment policies or decides to withhold payments on our billings. We have a balanced cash deployment strategy to invest in our business and key technologies to provide our customers with enhanced capabilities, enhance stockholder value, and position ourselves to take advantage of new business opportunities when they arise.