We continue to take measures to mitigate the negative financial and operational impacts of COVID-19 for our hotel owners and our own business. We remain focused on managing our corporate general and administrative costs and are being disciplined with respect to our capital expenditures and other investment spending. We continue to evaluate the availability of stimulus tax credits under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, the Taxpayer Certainty and Disaster Tax Relief Act of 2020, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, and other legislation. The impact of COVID-19 on the company remains fluid, as does our corporate and property-level response. We expect to continue to assess the situation and may implement additional measures to adapt our operations and plans to address the implications of COVID-19 on our business. We have been encouraged by the swift improvement in average daily rate (ADR), which in the second half of 2021 returned to pre-pandemic 2019 levels in certain U.S. and international markets and are optimistic about sustaining strong ADR in 2022. Although we have seen delays in the recovery of business transient and group demand as a result of the emergence of COVID-19 variants, we expect this demand to gradually strengthen from current levels as more workers return to the office and travel again. We continue to work with owners and franchisees by adjusting renovation requirements for certain properties, deferring certain hotel initiatives, and supporting owners and franchisees who are working with their lenders to utilize furniture, fixtures, and equipment reserves to meet working capital needs. We have received or expect to receive, through Medicare tax offsets and payments from the U.S. Treasury, a total of $35 million as reimbursement for the cost of health coverage continuation provided to eligible former associates and furloughed or part-time associates. The overall operational and financial impact is highly dependent on the breadth and duration of COVID-19 and could be affected by other factors we are not currently able to predict. Our results in 2021 continued to be impacted by COVID-19, and we believe COVID-19 will continue to have a material negative impact on our future results for a period of time that we are currently unable to predict. We have substantially completed restructuring plans to achieve cost savings specific to our company-operated properties. We are focused on preserving our financial flexibility and managing our debt maturities. We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the effect that changes in capital market conditions may have on our ability to fund our liquidity needs. Our long-term financial objectives include diversifying our financing sources, optimizing the mix and maturity of our long-term debt, and reducing our working capital. We expect total gross rooms growth to approach 5.0 percent and net rooms growth of 3.5 to 4.0 percent. We continue to assess the situation and may implement additional measures to adapt our operations and plans to address the implications of COVID-19 on our business. Our segment results in 2021 continued to be impacted by COVID-19, reflecting higher comparable systemwide revenue per available room driven by increases in both occupancy and ADR as well as higher profits at certain managed hotels due to the ongoing recovery in lodging demand. The ability of third-party purchasers to raise the debt and equity capital necessary to acquire such properties depends in part on the perceived risks in the lodging industry and other constraints inherent in the capital markets.