We continue to closely monitor developments relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and assess its impact on our business. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact the global economy and financial markets and has caused volatility in the global equity, credit, and real estate markets. We have implemented risk management and business continuity plans and taken preventive measures and other precautions, such as employee business travel restrictions and remote work arrangements which, to date, have enabled us to maintain our critical business processes, customer service levels, relationships with key vendors, financial reporting systems, internal controls over financial reporting, and disclosure controls and procedures. Our capital stress testing and longstanding commitment to liquidity position us to withstand a variety of economic conditions. We believe that our investment portfolio is highly diversified and positioned to perform well in a variety of economic scenarios, including disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. We will continue reviewing accounting estimates, asset valuations, and various financial scenarios for capital and liquidity implications. We are committed to achieving a full-year direct expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and pension risk transfers, of less than 12.3% over the near term. The life insurance industry remains highly competitive, and we believe that the ability to adapt to changes in the competitive environment as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic is a significant differentiator to success in the life insurance industry and the broader financial services industry. We proactively manage target and excess capital levels and dividend flows and forecast local capital positions as part of the financial planning cycle. We monitor our mortgage loan investments on an ongoing basis, including a review of loans by credit quality indicator and loans that are current, past due, restructured, and under foreclosure. We have established several senior management committees as part of our capital management process, including the capital management committee and the enterprise risk committee, which regularly review actual and projected capital levels under a variety of scenarios including stress scenarios. Our risk management process is supported by a risk appetite statement approved by the board of directors. The centralized global risk management department coordinates across all risk committees to ensure that all material risks are properly identified, measured, monitored, managed, and reported across the company. We have defined each material risk to which we are exposed and have established individual frameworks to monitor, manage, and report on the respective risk. Our operational flexibility is enhanced by our ability to generate strong cash flows within our operating companies and borrow funds at competitive rates, as well as by our demonstrated ability to raise additional capital to meet operating and growth needs despite adverse market and economic conditions. We continuously evaluate product modifications, pricing structure, and alternative means of managing risks, capital, and statutory reserves and we expect the discontinued use of captive reinsurance on new reserve financing transactions would not have a material impact on our future consolidated financial results. Our hedging strategy involves the significant use of static longer-term derivative instruments to avoid the need to execute transactions during periods of market disruption or higher volatility. We remain liable for the guaranteed benefits in the event that reinsurers or derivative counterparties are unable or unwilling to pay.