The COVID-19 pandemic has led to adverse impacts on the United States and global economies and continues to create economic uncertainty, including due to variants of the COVID-19 virus. Altria continues to monitor the macroeconomic risks arising in part from the COVID-19 pandemic and continues to carefully evaluate potential outcomes and work to mitigate risks. Specifically, Altria remains focused on any potential impact to its liquidity, operations, supply and distribution chains, and on economic conditions. Altria has not experienced a material adverse impact to its liquidity despite some temporary volatility in commercial paper markets in 2020. Altria's operations have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, but it believes its tobacco businesses have not experienced any material adverse effects associated with governmental actions to restrict consumer movement or business operations. Altria continues to operate in a remote working environment for many employees, which has had minimal impact on productivity. Altria's critical information technology systems have remained operational, and although its tobacco businesses previously suspended operations temporarily at several manufacturing facilities, they resumed operations under enhanced safety protocols. Altria continues to monitor the risks associated with facility disruptions and workforce availability as a result of uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Altria also continues to monitor the inflationary environment arising in part from the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on its financial position and results of operations. Altria's suppliers and those within its distribution chain continue to be subject to potential facility closures, remote working protocols, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, and inflation. To date, Altria has not experienced any material disruptions to its supply chains or distribution systems. Altria believes that the COVID-19 pandemic altered adult tobacco consumer behaviors and purchasing patterns, particularly in the earlier stages of the pandemic. While the number of adult tobacco consumer trips to the store remains below pre-pandemic levels, tobacco expenditures per trip remain elevated. Altria continues to monitor the macroeconomic risks of the COVID-19 pandemic, including risks associated with the timing and extent of vaccine administration and the impact of COVID-19 variants. Altria also continues to monitor adult tobacco consumers' purchasing behaviors, including overall tobacco product expenditures and the mix between premium and discount brand purchases. During 2021, ABI continued to be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, including supply-chain constraints across certain markets, adverse transactional foreign exchange rates, inflation, and commodity cost headwinds. Altria considers the impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic that have negatively impacted ABI's global business to be transitory. Altria will continue to monitor its investment in ABI, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on ABI's business and market valuation. Altria considered the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the business of Juul, including its sales, distribution, operations, supply chain, and liquidity. Juul's operations were negatively impacted in 2020 and 2021 by the COVID-19 pandemic due to stay-at-home practices and government-mandated restrictions. Altria will continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Juul's business, including near-term supply chain constraints and inflation. Altria also considered the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the business of Cronos, including its sales, distribution, operations, supply chain, and liquidity. During 2020 and 2021, Cronos was adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, in part due to government actions limiting access to retail stores in the United States and Canada.