For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, we continued to see recovery in the environment in which our business operates, albeit in some markets and regions more or less than others. In response to this business environment, we continue to focus on the following priorities for our business: strengthen competitive position of assets, improve commercial performance, and continued capital discipline and focus on low-cost culture. Our approach to sustainability spans the environmental, social, and governance dimensions of our business, which means strengthening resiliency by lowering carbon intensity and conserving natural resources; innovating for the future by investing in renewables and emerging technologies; and embedding sustainability in decision-making and in how we engage our people and many stakeholders. We are committed to positioning our assets so that we are a leader in operational, financial, and sustainability performance and are evaluating the strength and fit of assets in our portfolio. Our goal is that each individual asset generates free cash flow back to the business and contributes to shareholder returns. We are focused on leveraging advantaged raw material selection, new approaches in the commercial space to be more dynamic amidst changing market conditions, and achieving technology improvements to advance our commercial performance. This includes exploring joint venture opportunities and strategic alliances within the renewable fuels value chain. We announced strategic actions to lay a foundation for long-term success, including plans to optimize our assets and structurally lower costs. Our results for the year reflect the favorable effects from these cost reduction actions. We are unable to predict the potential effects that further resurgences of COVID-19 may have on our financial position and results. However, the adverse impact of the economic effects on our company has been and may continue to be significant. The martinez facility conversion from refining petroleum to manufacturing renewable fuels signals our strong commitment to producing a substantial level of lower carbon-intensity fuels. The facility is expected to start producing renewable diesel by the second half of 2022, with pretreatment capabilities coming online in 2023. We have various long-term, fee-based commercial agreements with MPLX, which provides transportation, storage, distribution, and marketing services. The profitability of our operations depends on the volumes shipped through the pipelines and the quantity and availability of our refining logistics assets. Our refining logistics operations are used solely by our refining and marketing segment. We have seen improved results through 2021, but many uncertainties remain with respect to COVID-19, and we are unable to predict the ultimate economic impacts from the pandemic and how quickly economies around the world can recover once it subsides. Our effective income tax rate is affected by the weighting of income from our wholly owned operations versus net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. We are committed to achieving operational excellence by reducing costs, improving efficiency, and driving operational improvements. We continuously evaluate our capital plan and make changes as conditions warrant. Our capital investment plan for 2022 includes all of the planned capital spending for refining and marketing, and corporate as well as a portion of the planned capital investments for midstream. We have established a 2030 target to reduce our absolute scope 3 - category 11 GHG emissions by 15% below 2019 levels.