We are a leading provider of critical decision support tools and solutions for the global investment community. Our mission-critical offerings help investors address the challenges of a transforming investment landscape and power better investment decisions. Leveraging our knowledge of the global investment process and our expertise in research, data, and technology, we enable our clients to understand and analyze key drivers of risk and return and confidently and efficiently build more effective portfolios. Our growth strategy includes extending leadership in research-enhanced content across asset classes, leading the enablement of ESG and climate investment integration, enhancing distribution and content-enabling technology, expanding solutions that empower client customization, strengthening client relationships, and growing into strategic partnerships with clients. We utilize operating metrics including run rate, subscription sales, and retention rate to manage and assess performance and to provide deeper insights into the recurring portion of our business. Our retention rate is an important metric because subscription cancellations decrease our run rate and ultimately our future operating revenues over time. The annual retention rate represents the retained subscription run rate as a percentage of the subscription run rate at the beginning of the fiscal year. We believe that global cash flows from operations, together with existing cash and cash equivalents and funds available under our existing revolving credit facility, will continue to be sufficient to fund our global operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities. Our liquidity, along with other financing alternatives, will provide the necessary capital to fund these transactions and achieve our planned growth. The company tests goodwill for impairment on an annual basis and utilizes significant management judgment in estimating forecasted future cash flows and determining discount rates. The change in our recurring revenues typically lags changes in run rate. We measure the fees related to client license agreements and adjust for various factors, including fluctuations in revenues associated with new recurring sales, modifications, cancellations, and non-renewals of existing client contracts. Our total run rate increased 20.3%, driven by an 18.0% increase from recurring subscriptions and a 27.0% increase from asset-based fees. The run rate from index recurring subscriptions increased 12.3%, primarily driven by growth from market cap-weighted index products and strong growth from factor, ESG, and climate index products. The run rate from analytics products increased 5.4%, driven by growth in both multi-asset class and equity analytics products. The run rate from ESG and climate products increased 44.3%, driven by growth in ratings, climate, and screening products. We believe the estimates and judgments upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time these estimates and judgments are made. Our growth strategy reflects our ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change to survive, grow, and flourish. The company’s computation of adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA expenses measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures computed by other companies. The significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of acquired intangible assets include forecasted cash flows, projected future revenues, and expected market royalty rates.