We experienced earnings growth from increased volumes in 2021, compared with 2020, highlighting both the resiliency of our integrated assets and the economic recovery from the pandemic. Our integrated, reliable and diversified network of natural gas liquids and natural gas gathering, processing, fractionation, storage and transportation assets connects supply in the Rocky Mountain, mid-continent and Permian regions with key market centers. We operate an integrated, reliable and diversified network of NGL and natural gas gathering, processing, fractionation, storage and transportation assets connecting supply in the Rocky Mountain, mid-continent and Permian regions with key market centers. Our publicly announced capital-growth projects are supported by acreage dedications with long-term primarily fee-based contracts. We believe this non-GAAP financial measure is useful to investors because it and similar measures are used by many companies in our industry as a measurement of financial performance and is commonly employed by financial analysts and others to evaluate our financial performance and to compare financial performance among companies in our industry. Our natural gas gathering and processing segment has invested in growth projects in NGL-rich areas in the Williston Basin. We expect our sources of cash inflows to provide sufficient resources to finance our operations, quarterly cash dividends, capital expenditures and maturities of long-term debt. We believe we have sufficient liquidity due to our $2.5 billion credit agreement, which expires in June 2024 and access to $1.0 billion available through our "at-the-market" equity program. Our working capital deficit at December 31, 2021, was driven primarily by current maturities of long-term debt. We do not expect this working capital deficit to have an adverse impact on our cash flows or operations. Our growth strategy is focused around connecting diversified supply basins from the Rocky Mountain region through the mid-continent region and the Permian Basin with NGL product demand from the petrochemical and refining industries and NGL export demand in the Gulf Coast. The impact of unforeseen changes in interest rates, debt and equity markets, inflation rates, economic recession and other external factors over which we have no control, including the effect on pension and postretirement expense and funding resulting from changes in equity and bond market returns, could affect our operations. The ability to efficiently reduce the carbon intensity of our operations, including through the use of lower carbon power alternatives, management practices and system optimizations, is essential for maintaining organizational resilience. We assess our goodwill for impairment at least annually, and our impairment tests require the use of assumptions and estimates, such as industry economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. Our ability to control construction costs and completion schedules of our pipelines and other projects is critical to our operational flexibility. The necessity to direct our focus on maintaining and enhancing our existing assets instead of efforts to reduce our GHG emissions could impact our organizational health. Our ability to identify and execute opportunities, including those relating to renewable natural gas and other renewable energy sources, is vital for our future orientation and organizational success. We utilize derivatives to reduce our market-risk exposure to commodity price and interest-rate fluctuations and to achieve more predictable cash flows. Our operational challenges relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and efforts to mitigate the spread of the virus include logistical challenges and protecting the health and well-being of our employees.