We empower enterprises, service providers, and government entities to secure all users, applications, data, networks, clouds, and devices with comprehensive visibility and context continuously across all locations. We believe our portfolio offers advanced prevention and security, while reducing the total cost of ownership for organizations by improving operational efficiency and eliminating the need for siloed point products. We continue to invest in innovation and acquire businesses as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our portfolio, as we believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products is essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. We are actively monitoring, evaluating, and responding to developments relating to COVID-19, which has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in continued significant global, social, and business disruption. We have made some changes to our business including instituting a global work-from-home policy beginning in March 2020 and adopting our flexwork initiative in fiscal 2021, which did not incur significant disruptions in our work operations during fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2021. We will continue to actively monitor the situation, including progress made through vaccinations, and we will make further changes to our business operations as may be required by federal, state, or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, end-customers, partners, suppliers, and stockholders. Our focus remains on the safety of our employees, and we strive to protect the health and well-being of the communities in which we operate, in part, by providing technology to our employees, end-customers, and partners to help them do their best work while remote. Although some end-customers adopted Prisma Access as their secure work-from-home solution for the longer term, there continues to be uncertainty regarding the business outlook due to COVID-19, which may curtail our end-customers' spending and could lead them to delay or defer purchasing decisions, and lengthen sales cycles and payment terms, which could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations, and overall financial performance. We believe that our cash flow from operations, together with our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investments will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs should the holders choose to convert their 2023 notes during the fiscal quarter ending October 31, 2021. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced products and subscription and support offerings, the costs to acquire or invest in complementary businesses and technologies, and the investments in our infrastructure to support the adoption of our cloud-based subscription offerings. We expect our cost of subscription and support revenue to increase as our installed end-customer base grows and adoption of our cloud-based subscription offerings increases. We continue to monitor our deferred revenue balance because it represents a significant portion of revenue to be recognized in future periods. We expect our gross margins to vary over time depending on the factors described above. Our operating activities have consisted of net losses adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. We expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our future products and services, although our research and development expense may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue. We expect sales and marketing expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we increase the size of our sales and marketing organizations to increase touch points with end-customers and to expand our global presence.