We support our small-business clients, reducing the complexity and risk of running their own payroll, while ensuring greater accuracy with up-to-date tax rates and regulatory information. Our ongoing investments in our platforms have prepared us well for the demands of the current business and regulatory environments, allowing us to adapt while maintaining strong service delivery, resulting in high levels of client satisfaction and retention. We have continued to evolve our products to help business leaders find, hire, and retain employees quickly and effectively with an eye on driving engagement and managing labor costs. We remain committed to helping our clients adapt and thrive, not only through the uncertainties of the COVID-19 pandemic, but the transition to the future business environment. We have brought a multifaceted response to the pandemic and delivered resources and services to help our clients respond and adapt. Our blend of technology and service provides valuable tools and resources to assist our clients and their employees during this critical time and beyond. Our strong balance sheet and operational flexibility have allowed us to successfully manage through the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic to date while protecting our cash flow and liquidity. We ended this year with strong momentum having navigated through a fiscal year of unprecedented challenge and the uncertain environment of the COVID-19 pandemic. We continue to evaluate the nature and extent of changes to the market and economic conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic and will assess the potential impact on our business and financial position. Our client base continued to grow with sales performance and client retention that was at record levels. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. Our strategy focuses on providing industry-leading, integrated technology; increasing client satisfaction; expanding our leadership in HR; growing our client base; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We continue to focus on driving growth in the number of clients, revenue per client, total revenue, and profits, while providing industry-leading service and technology solutions to our clients and their employees. We believe these investments are critical to our success. We have continued to update these tools in near real-time throughout the COVID-19 pandemic in response to changes in regulations. We provide free webinars, white papers, and other information on our website to aid existing and prospective clients with the impact of regulatory changes. Our fiscal 2021 technology and solution developments provide a unique combination of data, technology, and service designed to meet the evolving needs of employers and employees. We have continued to strengthen our position in the industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, businesses of all sizes, and other interested parties. Our proactive measures during the pandemic have included the introduction of a PPP loan forgiveness estimator and forgiveness report in our cloud-based HR suite, Paychex Flex, to simplify the application process for customers and provide them the accurate information needed to satisfy the new forgiveness requirements. We expect that the pandemic will continue to have an effect on our results, although the magnitude, duration, and full effects of the pandemic on our future results of operations or cash flows are not possible to predict at this time. Our mission is to be the leading provider of HR, payroll, benefits, and insurance solutions by being an essential partner to small- and medium-sized businesses across the United States and parts of Europe.