We have undertaken efforts to ensure our cost base and support model align appropriately with our new operating structure. We are taking steps to restructure our corporate enabling functions to appropriately support our business, R&D, and PGS platform functions. We believe we have a strong pipeline and are well-positioned for future growth. Innovation, drug discovery, and development are critical to our success. Our R&D efforts seek to add value to our existing products by improving their effectiveness and ease of dosing and by discovering potential new indications. We seek to leverage a strong pipeline, organize around expected operational growth drivers, and capitalize on trends creating long-term growth opportunities. Our business development initiatives are committed to strategically capitalizing on growth opportunities, primarily by advancing our own product pipeline and maximizing the value of our existing products. We view our business development activity as an enabler of our strategies and seek to generate growth by pursuing opportunities and transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business and our capabilities. We are focused on all aspects of our business and are implementing measures aimed at mitigating issues where possible, including by using digital technology to assist in operations for our commercial, manufacturing, R&D, and corporate enabling functions globally. We are continuing to monitor and implement mitigation strategies in an effort to reduce any potential risk or impact including active supplier management, qualification of additional suppliers, and advanced purchasing to the extent possible. Our clinical trials progressed in this challenging environment through innovation, such as decentralized visits to accommodate participants' ability to maintain scheduled visits, as well as working with suppliers to manage the shortage of certain clinical supplies. We continue to pursue efforts to maintain the continuity of our operations while monitoring for new developments related to the pandemic. Our response to COVID-19 has included significant investments in breakthrough science and global manufacturing. We have collaborated with BioNTech to jointly develop a mRNA-based coronavirus vaccine to help prevent COVID-19. We manufactured more than three billion doses and delivered 2.2 billion doses around the world. We anticipate delivering at least two billion doses to low- and middle-income countries by the end of 2022. We are also studying vaccine candidates to potentially prevent COVID-19 caused by new and emerging variants. We have entered into agreements with multiple countries to supply pre-specified courses of Paxlovid, a novel oral COVID-19 treatment. Our business and operations have been impacted by the pandemic in various ways. Our portfolio of products experienced varying impacts from the pandemic in 2021. For example, certain of our vaccines were impacted by disruptions to healthcare activity related to COVID-19. We adapted our promotional platform by amplifying our digital capabilities to reach healthcare professionals and customers to provide critical education and information. Most of our colleagues who are able to perform their job functions outside of our facilities continue to temporarily work remotely, while certain colleagues continue to work onsite and are subject to strict protocols intended to reduce the risk of transmission. We have not seen a significant disruption to our supply chain, and all of our manufacturing sites globally have continued to operate at or near normal levels. However, we are seeing an increase in overall demand in the industry for certain components and raw materials potentially constraining available supply, which could have a future impact on our business.