We believe that our cash provided by our operating activities will continue to be sufficient to enable us to meet our ongoing cash requirements for interest payments on debt, maintenance capital expenditures, and distributions to our shareholders for the foreseeable future. Our expected capital resources include significant retained operating cash flow, which has increased in recent years, enabling us to adapt to changing conditions and opportunities. We expect to satisfy our cash requirements through operating cash flow and opportunistic debt and equity financing. Our strong financial profile continues to enable effective access to capital markets in order to support our growth. We believe that these incremental investments improve customer satisfaction, the attractiveness and competitiveness of our facilities to new and existing customers, and reduce operating costs. We continue to seek to acquire additional self-storage facilities from third parties, and our ability to do so continues to be challenged by various constraints such as difficulty in finding projects that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations. We have embarked on our multi-year property of tomorrow program to enhance the competitive position of certain of our facilities relative to local competitors and execute on our climate initiatives and long-term sustainability strategies. We expect to complete the program by the end of 2025. Our self-storage operations generate most of our net income, and our earnings growth is most impacted by the level of organic growth within our same store facilities. We have grown and plan to continue to grow through the acquisition and development of new facilities and expansion of our existing self-storage facilities. Our strong financial profile enables us to effectively access capital markets, and we believe that our cash provided by operating activities will continue to be sufficient to meet our ongoing cash requirements. We have made investments in energy-saving technology, which generate favorable returns on investment in the form of lower utility usage. We believe our development and redevelopment activities generate favorable risk-adjusted returns over the long run. However, in the short run, our earnings are diluted during the construction and stabilization period due to the cost of capital to fund the development cost, as well as the related construction and development overhead expenses included in general and administrative expense. We expect continued revenue growth supported by consistently high customer demand and a stable tenant base that will enable us to continue to raise rates to our existing tenants while maintaining a high level of occupancy. The improvement in occupancy trends was due primarily to improved trends in move-outs, which supports revenue growth through rate increases to long-term tenants and a reduced requirement to replace vacating tenants with new tenants. We have a variety of possibilities to raise additional capital including issuing common or preferred securities, issuing debt, or entering into joint venture arrangements to acquire or develop facilities. We believe that we have significant financial flexibility to adapt to changing conditions and opportunities. Our ability to do so continues to be challenged by various constraints such as difficulty in finding projects that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations, and challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage facilities in certain municipalities.