The performance of our business generally depends on our ability to obtain contracts with customers and to effectively deliver the services provided under those contracts. We believe there are long-term growth opportunities across our industries, and we continue to have a positive long-term outlook. Our services are typically provided pursuant to master service agreements, repair and maintenance contracts, and fixed price and non-fixed price new construction contracts. Utilities are continuing to invest significant capital in their electric power delivery systems, particularly transmission, substation, and distribution infrastructure, through multi-year, multi-billion dollar grid modernization and reliability programs. In order to reliably and efficiently deliver power, and in response to federal reliability standards, utilities are also integrating smart grid technologies into distribution systems to improve grid management and create efficiencies. A number of utilities also continue to implement system upgrades and hardening programs in response to recurring severe weather events, such as hurricanes and wildfires. These resiliency initiatives provide additional opportunities for our services, but they also increase our potential exposure to significant liabilities. We believe the transition to a carbon-neutral economy will require sizeable long-term investment in renewable generation and related infrastructure. We believe increased battery storage can support increased renewable energy development by providing shorter-term storage of electricity from renewable energy generation. We also believe there are significant long-term opportunities for our services, including our high-pressure and critical-path turnaround services, as well as our capabilities with respect to instrumentation and electrical services. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic continue to significantly impact global economies due to workforce and travel restrictions and supply chain disruptions. We believe demand for our gas utility distribution services will increase as a result of customer desire to upgrade and replace aging infrastructure and increasing regulatory requirements. We continue to monitor our labor markets and expect labor costs to increase based on increased demand for our services. Our ability to capitalize on available opportunities is limited by our ability to employ, train, and retain the necessary skilled personnel. We believe these trends will continue, possibly to such a degree that demand for labor resources will outpace supply. Our operations and financial results have been adversely impacted by reduced customer spending and demand for certain of our services, as well as governmental responses to the COVID-19 pandemic. The broader and longer-term implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results of operations and overall financial performance remain highly uncertain and variable. We believe that there are also several existing, pending, or proposed legislative or regulatory actions that may alleviate certain regulatory and permitting issues and positively impact long-term demand. Our strategic focus on larger pipeline projects has decreased, but we continue to pursue project opportunities to the extent they satisfy our margin and risk profiles and support the needs of our customers. We believe natural gas, due to its expected abundant supply and attractive price over the long term, will remain a fuel of choice for both primary power generation and backup power generation for renewable power plants in North America. The regulatory environment creates both challenges and opportunities for our business, and in recent years, our margins have been impacted by regulatory and permitting delays. We expect to continue to allocate significant capital to strategic acquisitions and investments, as well as to pay dividends and to repurchase our outstanding common stock.