The effects of COVID-19 have had and continue to have a material negative impact on our operations, financial results, and liquidity. Given the ongoing effects of COVID-19 on our operations and global bookings, we have identified the estimation of our future liquidity requirements as a critical accounting policy. The assumptions used to estimate our liquidity requirements are frequently and continuously evaluated because of the unprecedented environment that we are experiencing due to COVID-19. We have taken and will continue to take actions to improve our liquidity, including reduction of capital expenditures, reduction of operating expenses during the suspension of our global cruise operations, amending credit agreements to defer payments and covenant requirements, raising capital through debt and stock issuances, and suspending dividend payments. The adverse impact that COVID-19 will continue to have on our business, operating results, cash flows, and overall financial condition is uncertain and may result in changes to the assumptions used in the impairment tests discussed above, which may result in additional impairments of our goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, and long-lived assets in the future. We believe the impact to our global bookings resulting from COVID-19 will continue to have a material negative impact on our results of operations and liquidity, which may be prolonged beyond containment of the disease and its variants. Our return to service efforts incorporate our enhanced health and safety protocols, which has resulted in reduced guest occupancy, modified itineraries, and vaccination protocols. We expect that the rest of the fleet will return to operations before the summer season, and we expect total cash flow from ships in operation in the first quarter to be positive. We have observed cancellations subside and bookings improve to pre-omicron levels, and we have adjusted our sales and marketing efforts in anticipation of a delayed and extended wave period. We continue to prioritize and bolster liquidity while taking steps to improve our balance sheet and reduce our interest costs to be well-positioned for recovery. We have taken significant actions to reduce operating expenses during the suspension of our global cruise operations, including significantly reducing ship operating expenses, further reducing operating expenses as the company's ships were transitioned into various levels of layup, and furloughing our workforce. We also continue to identify and evaluate further actions to enhance our liquidity and support our recovery, including further reductions in capital expenditures, operating expenses, and administrative costs. As of December 31, 2021, we had liquidity of approximately $3.5 billion, which includes cash and cash equivalents, undrawn revolving credit facility capacity, and a commitment for a 364-day term loan facility available to draw on at any time prior to August 12, 2022. The adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our revenues, consolidated results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition has been and will continue to be material in 2022. We expect to incur a net loss on both a U.S. GAAP and adjusted basis for the first quarter and the first half of 2022 and a return to profitability in the second half of 2022. We remain driven to innovate our product and maintain a strong competitive advantage, focusing on setting the foundation for a strong recovery and long-term profitable growth.