We are a diversified technology company that pursues consistent and sustainable growth in earnings and cash flow by emphasizing continuous improvement in the operating performance of our existing businesses and by acquiring other carefully selected businesses that offer high value-added software, services, engineered products, and solutions capable of achieving growth and maintaining high margins. Our management discusses areas that require significant judgments with the audit committee of our board of directors, which has reviewed all financial disclosures in our annual filings with the SEC. The preparation of financial statements requires the use of estimates, assumptions, judgments, and interpretations that can affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. The development of accounting estimates is the responsibility of our management, and changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. Our most significant accounting uncertainties are encountered in the areas of revenue recognition, income taxes, and impairment analyses. Negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to our business, actual results significantly below projections, and unexpected significant changes may have a negative effect on the fair value of our reporting units. Our effective income tax rate was 22.7% for 2021, an increase primarily due to a non-recurring item related to a UK tax rate change. The assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management, and we evaluate whether there has been an impairment of identifiable intangible assets when certain indicators of impairment are present. We believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our credit facility will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements. Our businesses are expected to generate positive cash flows from operating activities, permitting the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule. However, the rate at which we can reduce our debt will be affected by the financing and operating requirements of any new acquisitions, the financial performance of our existing companies, and the financial markets generally. We anticipate that our businesses will generate positive cash flows from operating activities, and that these cash flows will permit the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule. Our order backlog increased 24.2% to $2,560.8 million at December 31, 2021, driven primarily by organic growth. The growth in cash provided by operating activities in 2021 was primarily due to higher net income net of non-cash expenses and the non-recurrence of cash taxes paid on the disposal of Gatan in 2020. Cash used in investing activities during 2021 was primarily for business acquisitions, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of Civco Radiotherapy. We have not changed the application of acceptable accounting methods or the significant estimates affecting the application of these principles in the last three years in a manner that had a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. Our total debt decreased at December 31, 2021, due primarily to revolving debt repayments and the redemption of outstanding senior unsecured notes. We maintain an active acquisition program, and any future acquisitions will be dependent on numerous factors, including market and economic conditions. The company conducted its analysis qualitatively and assessed whether it was more likely than not that the respective fair value of these reporting units was less than the carrying amount. The resulting operating margin was 30.6% in the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to 25.4% in the year ended December 31, 2020.