Starbucks results for fiscal 2021 demonstrate the overall strength and resilience of our brand. Consolidated revenues increased 24% to $29.1 billion in fiscal 2021 compared to $23.5 billion in fiscal 2020, primarily due to business recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. For the North America segment, comparable store sales increased 22% for fiscal 2021 compared to a decline of 12% in fiscal 2020. The U.S. market also had a 7% increase in two-year comparable store sales. In fiscal 2020, we announced a restructuring plan to optimize our North America store portfolio, primarily in dense, metropolitan markets, by blending store formats to better cater to changing customer tastes and preferences. As of the fiscal year ended October 3, 2021, we had substantially completed our restructuring plan, which resulted in the closure of 807 stores in the U.S. and Canada. This investment, combined with industry-leading benefits, supports Starbucks' aspiration to remain an employer of choice that can attract and retain the high-quality talent necessary to support our continued growth. Throughout fiscal 2021, we began to experience certain supply shortages and transportation delays largely attributable to impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as changes in customer demand and behaviors. While we expect these shortages and delays may continue into fiscal 2022, we view them to be temporary and do not believe they will have a material impact on our long-term growth and profitability. Absent significant and prolonged COVID-19 relapses or global economic disruptions, and based on the current trend of our business operations and our focused efforts to elevate customer experiences, enhance digital capabilities and drive beverage innovation, we are confident in the strength of our brand and the durability of our long-term growth at scale strategy to deliver consistent revenue and income growth. The combination of these changes resulted in an overall increase in operating margin of 1,020 basis points in fiscal 2021 when compared to fiscal 2020. We expect channel development to return to more normalized reported revenue growth levels in fiscal 2022. Our financial results and long-term growth model will continue to be driven by new store openings, comparable store sales, and margin management. The growth in company-operated store revenue was driven by a 20% increase in comparable store sales, attributable to a 9% increase in comparable transactions and a 10% increase in average ticket. We believe that net future cash flows generated from operations and existing cash and investments both domestically and internationally combined with our ability to leverage our balance sheet through the issuance of debt will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses as well as shareholder distributions for the foreseeable future. Our ability to incur new liens and conduct sale and leaseback transactions on certain material properties is subject to compliance with terms of the indentures under which the long-term notes were issued. We have borrowed funds and continue to believe we have the ability to do so at reasonable interest rates; however, additional borrowings would result in increased interest expense in the future. We regularly review our cash positions and our determination of partial indefinite reinvestment of foreign earnings. In the event we determine that all or another portion of such foreign earnings are no longer indefinitely reinvested, we may be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes and U.S. state income taxes, which could be material.