Throughout the extraordinary macroeconomic environment that persisted during 2020, Schwab continued to execute on key strategic initiatives and produced solid financial results. The impact of COVID-19, along with social and political turmoil, created an unprecedented combination of personal and macroeconomic challenges for our clients, employees, and stockholders. While working through these challenges, we progressed in advancing the company's strategic goals to drive scale, monetization, and segmentation in ways that benefit our clients. The company maintained its disciplined approach to capital management, helping sustain significant balance sheet growth. Schwab's consolidated total assets ended 2020 at $549 billion, reflecting both organic growth as well as acquisitions. The company has a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact. Despite efforts to identify areas of risk and implement risk management policies and procedures, there can be no assurance that Schwab will not suffer unexpected losses due to these risks. Schwab's operations are highly dependent on the integrity and resilience of our critical business functions and technology systems. To minimize business interruptions and ensure the capacity to continue operations during an incident regardless of duration, Schwab maintains a backup and recovery infrastructure which includes facilities for backup and communications, a geographically dispersed workforce, and routine testing of business continuity and disaster recovery plans. The company has established limits and contingency funding scenarios to support liquidity levels during both business as usual and stressed conditions. Schwab's primary source of funds is cash generated by client activity, which includes bank deposits and cash balances in client brokerage accounts. The liquidity needs of our broker-dealer subsidiaries are primarily driven by client activity including trading and margin lending activities and capital expenditures. The company has established a policy to remain well capitalized even in stressed scenarios. Schwab conducts regular capital stress testing to assess the potential financial impacts of various adverse macroeconomic and company-specific events to which the company could be subjected. The objective of the capital stress testing is to explore various potential outcomes, including rare and extreme events, and to assess impacts of potential stressful outcomes on both capital and liquidity. The results of the stress testing indicate there are two scenarios which could stress the company's capital: inflows of balance sheet cash during a period of very low interest rates and outflows of balance sheet cash when other sources of financing are not available. The company expects to continue to incur significant acquisition and integration-related costs and integration-related capital expenditures throughout the integration process. The company's estimates of the nature, amounts, and timing of recognition of acquisition and integration-related costs remain subject to change based on a number of factors, including the expected duration and complexity of the integration process and the continued uncertainty of the current economic environment. Schwab's business activities expose it to a variety of risks, including operational, compliance, credit, market, and liquidity risks. The company has a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage these risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact.