The company navigated many uncertainties during 2021, including unprecedented raw material inflation, industry-wide supply chain disruptions, as well as temporary changes in the demand for our products due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. Despite the uncertainties, our businesses continue to be well-positioned, and we have confidence in our long-term outlook. We continue to work with government and health authorities to operate our business, including our company-operated stores, manufacturing plants, and other facilities. We also continue to follow recommended actions of government authorities and health officials in order to protect the health and well-being of our employees, customers, and their families worldwide. Our customers remain positive, and we expect that jobs delayed by raw material availability issues in 2021 will be completed in the quarters ahead rather than cancelled. We brought on 50 million gallons of incremental architectural paint production capacity in 2021 to meet this demand and will continue to add paint stores in 2022. We expect raw material availability to continue improving. We are implementing additional price increases to offset sustained cost inflation and expect raw material costs will ultimately moderate, enabling the recovery of our margins over time. The company generated $2.245 billion in net operating cash despite ongoing and industry-wide raw material availability issues which negatively impacted total sales and gross margins. The strong cash generation, along with an increase in our short-term borrowings and long-term debt, allowed the company to invest $372.0 million in capital expenditures and return $3.339 billion to shareholders in the form of cash dividends and share buybacks during the year. The company has sufficient total available borrowing capacity to fund its current operating needs. The company believes that cash generated from operating activities and borrowings available under long-term and short-term debt will be sufficient for it to meet its contractual and other obligations and commercial commitments. Management expects environmental laws and regulations to impose increasingly stringent requirements upon the company and the industry in the future. The company conducts its operations in compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and has implemented various programs designed to protect the environment and promote continued compliance. The company's capital expenditures, depreciation, and other expenses related to ongoing environmental compliance measures were not material to the company's financial condition, liquidity, cash flow, or results of operations during 2021. The company is involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of its currently and formerly owned sites. The company continuously assesses its potential liability for investigation and remediation-related activities and adjusts its environmental-related accruals as information becomes available upon which more accurate costs can be reasonably estimated. The company has committed to spend a minimum of $600 million of capital expenditures to build both the new headquarters and R&D center. The company does not anticipate the need for any specific long-term external financing to support these capital expenditures. The annual impairment review performed as of October 1, 2021 did not result in any of the reporting units having impairment or deemed at risk for impairment. The company believes the assumptions used are reflective of what a market participant would have used in calculating fair value considering the current economic conditions. The company has sufficient total available borrowing capacity to fund its current operating needs. The company believes that cash generated from operating activities and borrowings available under long-term and short-term debt will be sufficient for it to meet its contractual and other obligations and commercial commitments.