The COVID-19 pandemic has had a material negative impact on economic and market conditions around the world, affecting the retail real estate sector significantly. The company has experienced material impacts including changes in the ability to recognize revenue due to changes in the assessment of the probability of collection of lease income and asset impairment charges as a result of changing cash flows generated by properties and investments. In response to the pandemic, the company implemented a series of actions to reduce costs and increase liquidity, including significantly reducing all non-essential corporate spending and property operating expenses, as well as implementing a temporary furlough of certain corporate and field employees. The company’s primary focus has been on the health and safety of employees, shoppers, and the communities served. The company seeks growth in earnings, funds from operations, and cash flows by enhancing the profitability and operation of properties and investments through attracting and retaining high-quality tenants, expanding and re-tenanting existing highly productive locations, selectively acquiring high-quality real estate assets, and generating consumer traffic through marketing initiatives and strategic corporate alliances. The company routinely reviews and evaluates acquisition opportunities based on their ability to enhance the portfolio, and its international strategy includes partnering with established real estate companies to minimize foreign exchange risk. The company employs a three-fold capital strategy to support growth, maintain flexibility to access capital, and manage its financial structure to preserve investment-grade credit ratings. The company considers funds from operations, net operating income, and portfolio net operating income as key measures of operating performance. The company has also experienced changes in operational performance due to the pandemic, including a loss of shopping days and the need to adapt to restrictive governmental orders. The company’s financing strategy relies primarily on long-term fixed-rate debt, and it has historically had access to public equity markets and various forms of debt financing. The company anticipates that cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet operating expenses, debt service, and dividends necessary to maintain its REIT qualification. However, a significant deterioration in projected cash flows from operations could result in increased reliance on available funds from credit facilities and further curtail planned capital expenditures. The company’s ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical for maintaining operational continuity and organizational resilience. The company’s development activity includes significant redevelopment and expansion projects, with a focus on enhancing profitability and market share of existing assets. The company believes that its strategy of reinvesting net cash flow from international joint ventures mitigates some risk associated with initial investments and exposure to changes in foreign currencies.