We are a leading provider of transparent and independent ratings, benchmarks, analytics, and data to the capital and commodity markets worldwide. Our strategy seeks to deliver an exceptional, differentiated customer experience by enhancing our foundational capabilities, evolving and growing our core businesses, and pursuing growth via adjacencies. We are continuing to closely monitor the impact of the outbreak of COVID-19 on all aspects of our business as the pandemic and associated macroeconomic impacts continue to evolve. While COVID-19 did not have a material adverse effect on our reported results for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, we are unable to predict the ultimate impact that it may have on our business, future results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. Our operations consist of four reportable segments: S&P Global Ratings, S&P Global Market Intelligence, S&P Global Platts, and S&P Dow Jones Indices. The increase in revenue was primarily driven by higher average levels of assets under management for exchange-traded funds and mutual funds, an increase in exchange-traded derivatives revenue, and higher data subscription revenue. We are committed to risk management, control, and compliance and strengthening engagement and partnership across the company. We strive to deliver on our strategic priorities in key areas including finance, customer, operations, and people. We are focused on responding to evolving customer needs and driving innovation leveraging our data, technology, and deep industry expertise by developing a digital ecosystem strategy with collaboration across customers, vendors, and technology partners. The merger with IHS Markit is expected to enhance our capabilities and support our strategic initiatives. We are also enhancing the tools and processes our people use to better service our customers, expand intelligence and analytics capabilities, support data-driven decisions, and improve end-user productivity. The integration projects that help transform the company and deliver on merger commitments are key to maintaining operational continuity and resilience. We are committed to improving diverse representation through hiring, advancement, and retention while continuing to raise awareness through diversity, equity, and inclusion education. Our financial position remains strong, with cash on hand and cash flows from operations expected to meet additional operating and recurring cash needs into the foreseeable future. We believe that the amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows expected from operations, and availability under our credit facility will be adequate for us to execute our business strategy and meet anticipated requirements for lease obligations, capital expenditures, working capital, and debt service. We continue to focus on developing key product offerings in ESG and growing new products and product features leveraging technology investments. Our commitment to organizational resilience is reflected in our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and customer needs while maintaining operational effectiveness and financial performance.