Truist continues to closely monitor the COVID-19 pandemic and its effects on stakeholders and the financial markets, actively supporting teammates, clients, and communities. The company formed a Together Safely committee focused on developing new working models in a post-pandemic era. Truist's integrated relationship management approach is designed to deepen client relationships and bring the full breadth and depth of its products and services to meet clients' financial needs. As Truist shifts priorities, aiming past systems integrations and the pandemic, it is well positioned for purposeful growth. Management annually evaluates and, as necessary, adjusts the company's business strategy in the context of the current operating environment, considering the current financial condition and performance of the company and its expectations for future economic activity. Achieving key strategic objectives and established long-term financial goals is subject to many uncertainties and challenges. Truist emphasizes attracting and retaining key teammates and advancing teammate and leadership development while driving innovation and remaining attuned to evolving client preferences to succeed in an intensely competitive environment. The company is committed to advancing diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) and environmental, social, and governance (ESG) initiatives, managing the integration of systems and operations while safeguarding the company against external threats. The risk management framework promotes the execution of business strategies and objectives in alignment with its risk appetite, fostering a culture that supports identification and escalation of risks across the organization. Truist employs a comprehensive change management program to manage the risks associated with integrating heritage BB&T and heritage SunTrust, ensuring key decisions are reviewed and that there is appropriate oversight of integration activities. The company actively monitors and evaluates threats, events, and the performance of its business operations, continually adapting its risk mitigation activities. Truist's cybersecurity risk program is overseen by executive leadership and the board, with regular updates on the status of the program, including information security risks and incidents, emerging threats, and the control environment. The company maintains a liquidity buffer of cash on hand and highly liquid unencumbered securities sufficient to meet projected net stressed cash-flow needs and comply with regulatory requirements. Truist's capital ratios remain strong compared to regulatory levels for well-capitalized banks, and the company has a contingency funding plan designed to ensure that liquidity sources are sufficient to meet ongoing obligations and commitments. The company is committed to fulfilling its overall strategic objectives by selecting business strategies and operating businesses in a manner consistent with achieving profitability and maintaining strong confidence and trust with its key stakeholder constituencies. The proactive measures taken by Truist in response to the pandemic and its focus on operational flexibility, resource allocation, and strategic initiatives reflect its commitment to organizational resilience, enabling the company to confront and adapt to unexpected situations and external pressures while maintaining operational continuity and performance.