The significant impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our global retail operations that began during fiscal 2021 continued to impact our business in fiscal 2022. The health and safety of our associates and customers remained a top priority during fiscal 2022, and we continue to monitor developments, including government requirements and recommendations that could result in possible additional impacts to our operations. We believe this additional comparison provides insight into how we are managing the business and performing as compared to our pre-pandemic results. Our results are subject to risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those described in part I, item 1A, risk factors, and those identified from time to time in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The increase in net sales reflects stores remaining open for all of fiscal 2022, while we had temporary closures in Europe, Canada, and Australia resulting in our stores being closed in the aggregate for approximately 4% of fiscal 2022, as compared to stores across all geographies being temporarily closed for approximately 24% for fiscal 2021. The increase in net sales was driven by higher customer traffic and increased average basket. The increase in open-only comp store sales for fiscal 2022 was primarily driven by an increase in average basket. Our operating cash flows decreased by $1.5 billion compared to fiscal 2021 due to the $4.7 billion change in merchandise inventories net of accounts payable, driven by rebuilding inventory levels in fiscal 2022 as well as the timing of merchandise payments in fiscal 2021. We evaluate the performance of our segments based on "segment profit or loss," which we define as pre-tax income or loss before general corporate expense and interest expense, net, and certain separately disclosed unusual or infrequent items. The increase in segment profit was primarily driven by increased sales due to stores remaining open for all of fiscal 2022. Segment profit margin decreased to 12.9% for fiscal 2022 compared to 13.5% for fiscal 2020, primarily driven by incremental COVID-19 related store payroll costs and higher supply chain costs. The increase in SG&A expense for fiscal 2022 was primarily driven by higher store payroll costs to support a higher sales volume. We plan to fund these expenditures with our existing cash balances and through internally generated funds. We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, internally generated funds, and our credit facilities are adequate to meet our operating needs for the foreseeable future. The increase for fiscal 2022 was primarily driven by increased sales due to having fewer temporary store closures in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021. The increase in segment profit includes improved merchandise margin primarily due to lower markdowns. In fiscal 2023, we expect to open approximately 55 Marmaxx stores and 20 Sierra stores, which would increase selling square footage by approximately 2%. The increase in net sales reflects stores remaining open for all of fiscal 2022, while we had temporary closures in Europe, Canada, and Australia resulting in our stores being closed in the aggregate for approximately 4% of fiscal 2022. Segment profit margin decreased to 11.2% for fiscal 2022 compared to 12.8% for fiscal 2020, primarily driven by higher supply chain costs and higher store payroll, including incremental COVID-19 related costs, net of government programs. The increase in net sales reflects the ability to adapt to changing conditions and manage operations effectively during periods of disruption.