The merger has altered the size and scope of our operations, impacting our assets, liabilities, obligations, capital requirements and performance measures. We expect the trends and results of operations of the combined company to be materially different than those of the standalone entities. As a combined company, we have been able to enhance the breadth and depth of our nationwide 5G network, accelerate innovation, increase competition in the U.S. wireless and broadband industries and achieve significant synergies and cost reductions by eliminating redundancies within the combined network as well as other business processes and operations. We expect to incur a total of $12.0 billion of merger-related costs, excluding capital expenditures, of which $6.5 billion has been incurred since the beginning of 2018. Our remaining integration and restructuring activities are expected to occur over the next two years with substantially all costs incurred by the end of fiscal year 2023. We expect to realize cost efficiencies by eliminating redundancies within our combined network as well as other business processes and operations. The pandemic has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected businesses, economies and financial markets worldwide, and has caused significant volatility in the U.S. and international debt and equity markets. The impact of the pandemic has been wide-ranging, including the temporary closures of many businesses and schools, "shelter in place" orders, travel restrictions, social distancing guidelines and other governmental, business and individual actions taken in response to the pandemic. These restrictions have impacted, and will continue to impact, our business, including the demand for our products and services and the ways in which our customers purchase and use them. As a critical communications infrastructure provider as designated by the government, our focus has been on providing crucial connectivity to our customers and impacted communities while ensuring the safety and well-being of our employees. Throughout our forensic investigation of the August 2021 cyberattack, our top priority was to support those individuals impacted by the cyberattack. We also took actions to proactively reset the personal identification numbers for approximately 870,000 current customer accounts whose names and pins may have been taken. We believe we have a full view of the data compromised. We have no evidence that individual financial account numbers were accessed or taken in relation to the August 2021 cyberattack. We also intend to commit substantial additional resources towards cybersecurity initiatives over the next several years. We expect to incur additional expenses in future periods, including costs to remediate the attack, provide additional customer support and enhance customer protection. Our intended use of any such funds is for general corporate purposes, including for capital expenditures, spectrum purchases, opportunistic investments and acquisitions, redemption of debt, tower obligations and the execution of our integration plan. We regularly review and update these projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, the competitive landscape and other factors. We have incurred, and will incur, substantial expenses to comply with the government commitments, and we are also expected to incur substantial restructuring expenses in connection with integrating and coordinating T-Mobile's and Sprint's businesses, operations, policies and procedures. The pandemic and other external pressures could cause our financial and operating results and capital requirements to differ materially from our projections, which could cause future liquidity to differ materially from our assessment. We are cooperating fully with regulators in connection with the inquiries, though we cannot predict the timing or outcome of any of these inquiries. We believe it is reasonably possible that we could incur losses associated with these proceedings and inquiries, and the company will continue to evaluate information as it becomes known.