Our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. We are currently focused on increasing vehicle production and capacity, improving and developing battery technologies, and expanding our global infrastructure. We continue to ramp production, build new manufacturing capacity, and expand our operations to enable increased deliveries and deployments of our products and further revenue growth. We cannot predict the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, and we will continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions to remain flexible and to optimize and evolve our business as appropriate. We must accurately project demand and infrastructure requirements globally and deploy our production, workforce, and other resources accordingly. Our production continues to be affected by industry-wide semiconductor and other component shortages, requiring additional workaround manufacturing and production design solutions to be implemented which may be difficult to sustain. We are focused on ramping all of our production vehicles to their installed production capacities as well as increasing capacity at our current factories. The next phase of production growth will depend on the testing and ramp at Gigafactory Berlin and Gigafactory Texas, as well as our ability to add to our available sources of battery cell supply. We expect to pioneer new methods related to the mass production of these cells and our unique structural battery pack concept. Our goals are to improve vehicle performance, decrease production costs, and increase affordability. However, these plans are subject to uncertainties inherent in establishing and ramping manufacturing operations, which may be exacerbated by the number of concurrent international projects, any industry-wide component constraints, labor shortages, and any future impact from events outside of our control such as the COVID-19 pandemic. We will continue to generate demand and brand awareness by improving our vehicles' performance and functionality, including through products based on artificial intelligence and other software features. We must work constantly to prevent our vehicle delivery capability from becoming a bottleneck on our total deliveries. Increasing the exports of vehicles manufactured at Gigafactory Shanghai has been effective in mitigating the strain on our deliveries in markets outside of the United States. We remain committed to growing our retrofit solar energy business by offering a low-cost and simplified online ordering experience. We continue to improve our installation capabilities and price efficiencies for solar roof by onboarding and training new installers, as well as collaborating with real estate developers and builders on new homes to reduce installation time and costs. Our business has recently been consistently generating cash flow from operations in excess of our level of capital spend, and with better working capital management resulting in shorter days sales outstanding than days payable outstanding, our sales growth is also facilitating positive cash generation. We expect our ability to be self-funding to continue as long as macroeconomic factors support current trends in our sales. We continually evaluate our cash needs and may decide it is best to raise additional capital or seek alternative financing sources to fund the rapid growth of our business.