In early March 2020, we initiated contingency planning ahead of the impact of COVID-19 on our end-markets. Our COVID-19 response plan is focused on five work-streams: ensuring the safety and well-being of our employees and customers, leveraging our competitive advantages to support the needs of customers, aggressively managing capital expenditures, controlling core operating expenses, and proactively managing the balance sheet with a focus on liquidity. We believe that this response plan helped mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on our results. The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly disrupted supply chains and businesses around the world. Uncertainty remains regarding the ongoing impact of existing and emerging variant strains of COVID-19 on the operations and financial position of United Rentals, and on the global economy. We have executed a strategy focused on improving the profitability of our core equipment rental business through revenue growth, margin expansion, and operational efficiencies. Our general strategy focuses on profitability and return on invested capital, which includes a consistently superior standard of service to customers, often provided through a single lead contact who can coordinate the cross-selling of the various services we offer throughout our network. We utilize a proprietary software application, Total Control®, which provides our key customers with a single in-house software application that enables them to monitor and manage all their equipment needs. Our digital capabilities, including our Total Control® platform, allow our sales teams to provide contactless end-to-end customer service. We continue to implement lean management techniques, including Kaizen processes focused on continuous improvement, with objectives of reducing cycle time associated with renting our equipment to customers, improving invoice accuracy and service quality, and improving the effectiveness and efficiency of our repair and maintenance operations. We are continuing to manage the impact of COVID-19, which is discussed throughout this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations. Our size gives us greater purchasing power, the ability to provide customers with a broader range of equipment and services, and the ability to enhance the earning potential of our assets by transferring equipment among branches to satisfy customer needs. We believe these efforts will lead to even better service of our target accounts, primarily large construction and industrial customers, as well as select local contractors. We are focused on customer segmentation, customer service differentiation, rate management, fleet management, and operational efficiency. In 2022, we expect a continuation of the market recovery experienced in 2021, following a market decline in 2020, which included the pronounced impact of COVID-19. We believe that our existing sources of cash will be sufficient to support our existing operations over the next 12 months. We plan to fund cash requirements from our existing sources of cash, including cash generated from operations and from the sale of rental equipment. Our disciplined management of capital expenditures and fleet capacity is a component of our COVID-19 response plan, which contributed to net rental capital expenditures in 2020 that were significantly below historic levels. In 2021, capital expenditures have exceeded historic (pre-COVID-19) levels. We believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of the fragmented and diverse equipment rental industry environment because, as a larger company, we have more extensive resources and certain competitive advantages.