As the effects of an evolving coronavirus pandemic continue, much remains uncertain. Our priority remains the safety of our employees, clients, and the communities in which we live and operate. We continue to remain in close and regular contact with our employees, clients, partners, and governments globally to help them navigate these challenging times. The ongoing effects of COVID-19 remain difficult to predict due to numerous uncertainties, including the transmissibility, severity, duration, and resurgence of the outbreak; new variants of the virus; and the impact on our employees and our operations, the business of our clients, suppliers, and business partners. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact on our business. We consider non-GAAP measures useful to investors because they provide greater transparency into management's view and assessment of our ongoing operating performance. Our treasury policies provide management with the guidelines and authority to manage liquidity risk in a manner consistent with our corporate objectives. The objectives of our treasury policies are to provide adequate liquidity to cover operating expenditures and liquidity contingency scenarios, ensure timely completion of payments settlement activities, and make planned capital investments in our business. We will continue to assess our liquidity position and potential sources of supplemental liquidity in view of our operating performance, current economic and capital market conditions, and other relevant circumstances. We maintain and regularly review global settlement risk policies and procedures to manage settlement risk, which may require clients to post collateral if certain credit standards are not met. We believe that our current and projected sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our projected liquidity needs for more than the next 12 months. Our investment portfolio is designed to invest cash in securities that enable us to meet our working capital and liquidity needs. We have policies that limit the amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution or type of investment. Our primary sources of liquidity are cash on hand, cash flow from our operations, our investment portfolio, and access to various equity and borrowing arrangements. We expect to continue paying quarterly dividends in cash, subject to approval by the board of directors. We expect to continue investing in technology assets and payments system infrastructure to support our digital solutions and core business initiatives. We regularly evaluate cash requirements for current operations, commitments, development activities, and capital expenditures, and we may elect to raise additional funds for these purposes in the future through the issuance of either debt or equity. We will continue to review our portfolio in light of evolving market and economic conditions. The amount of client incentives we record in future periods will vary based on changes in performance expectations, actual client performance, amendments to existing contracts, or the execution of new contracts. Our judgments are subjective based on management's understanding of the litigation profile, the specifics of each case, our history with similar proceedings, and advice of in-house and outside legal counsel. We have entered into loss-sharing agreements that reduce our potential liability under certain litigation. The accrual related to the U.S. covered litigation could be either higher or lower than the U.S. litigation escrow account balance. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact on our business, ensuring that we adapt to the evolving environment and maintain operational flexibility in the face of unexpected situations.