The COVID-19 pandemic has had and may continue to have material and adverse effects on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows in the future. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our operations and those of our operators and tenants will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. Rapid distribution and a high acceptance rate of COVID-19 vaccinations by residents within assisted living and memory care facilities have resulted in a significant decrease in total resident case counts across the portfolio; however, resident case counts have increased as a result of highly transmissible variants. We have incurred increased operational costs due to the introduction of public health measures and other regulations affecting our properties, as well as additional health and safety measures adopted by us and our operators related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our primary objectives are to protect stockholder capital and enhance stockholder value, which involves creating opportunities to increase dividend payments as a result of annual increases in net operating income and portfolio growth. To mitigate risks, we monitor our investments through various methods determined by the type of property, including reviews of financial statements, obligor creditworthiness, property inspections, and covenant compliance. When we identify unacceptable trends, we seek to mitigate, eliminate, or transfer the risk, aiming to intervene early to support revenue collectability and investment value. Our asset management process includes a comprehensive review of tenant relations, lease expirations, property performance, and market conditions. We also aim to structure our investments to mitigate payment risk, utilizing credit enhancements such as guarantees and letters of credit. Our liquidity is sufficient to fund our uses of cash, and we continuously evaluate opportunities to finance future investments. The changes in net cash provided from operating activities are primarily attributable to declines in revenue due to decreased occupancy at our seniors housing operating properties. During the pandemic, we received government grants primarily to cover increased expenses and lost revenue, which were recognized as reductions to property operating expenses. Property-level operating expenses associated with the COVID-19 pandemic totaled significant amounts, incurred due to public health measures and additional health and safety measures. We recorded impairment charges related to properties where carrying values exceeded estimated fair values. Our ability to achieve financial objectives is dependent upon effectively executing strategic and tactical plans designed to improve performance and respond to emerging economic trends. We believe that net income and net income attributable to common stockholders are appropriate earnings measures, while funds from operations and consolidated net operating income are useful supplemental measures of our operating performance. Our leverage ratios indicate how much of our balance sheet capitalization is related to long-term debt, and we expect to maintain capitalization ratios and coverage ratios sufficient to support our capital structure. The ongoing evaluation of our concentration risk in terms of net operating income by property mix, relationship mix, and geographic mix is critical in understanding potential vulnerabilities in our revenue streams.