We are an energy company committed to being the leader in providing infrastructure that safely delivers natural gas products to reliably fuel the clean energy economy. Our operations are designed to maximize the utilization of our pipeline capacity by providing high-quality, low-cost transportation of natural gas to large and growing markets. Our ongoing strategy is to safely and reliably operate large-scale midstream infrastructure where our assets can be fully utilized, driving low per-unit costs. We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers, which includes natural gas gathering, processing, treating, and compression, as well as storage facilities. The sequent segment focuses on risk management and the marketing, trading, storage, and transportation of natural gas for a diverse set of natural gas utilities, municipalities, power generators, and producers, moving gas to markets through transportation and storage agreements on strategically positioned assets. The addition of sequent complements our core pipeline transportation and storage business, enhances our gas marketing capabilities, and expands the suite of services we provide to our existing midstream customers. We continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic and have taken steps intended to protect the safety of our customers, employees, and communities, and to support the continued delivery of safe and reliable service. Our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity have not been materially impacted by effects of COVID-19. We believe that accomplishing our goals will position us to deliver safe, reliable, clean energy services to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2022 are expected to be in a range from $1.25 billion to $1.35 billion, primarily including transco expansions, projects supporting the northeast gathering and processing business, and opportunities in the haynesville area. We also expect to invest capital in the development of our upstream oil and gas properties. We seek to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, managing a diversified portfolio of safe, clean, and reliable energy infrastructure assets that continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States. Potential risks that could impact the execution of our plan include continued negative impacts of COVID-19 driving a global recession, opposition to regulations affecting our infrastructure projects, unexpected significant increases in capital expenditures, and lower than anticipated demand for natural gas. We continuously monitor regulatory changes and how they may impact our operations, considering prudently incurred environmental assessment and remediation costs to be recoverable through rates for our interstate natural gas pipelines. We are committed to projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that meet legal, regulatory, and contractual commitments. Our approach to operational management includes a focus on operational flexibility and strategic adaptation to ensure resilience in the face of environmental disruptions and market volatility. We aim to enhance our organizational capabilities through effective resource management and strategic initiatives that foster collaboration and innovation, enabling us to confront challenges and maintain performance under pressure.