Our objective is to provide discussion of material events and uncertainties known to management that are reasonably likely to cause reported financial information not to be indicative of future results, which could differ materially from historical performance and from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors such as those discussed in item 1a. We believe our investments in one of the industry's largest sales organizations, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, our high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, and our long track record of developing products that meet customer needs, has led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. The diversity of our product portfolio and our global operations provides stability to our overall business. For instance, in livestock, impacts on our revenue that may result from disease outbreaks or weather conditions in a particular market or region are often offset by increased sales in other regions from exports and other species as consumers shift to other proteins. We continue to closely monitor the impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the resulting global recession on all aspects of our business across geographies, including how it has and may continue to impact our customers, workforce, suppliers, and vendors. We cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our customers, vendors, and suppliers; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us. The situation surrounding COVID-19 remains fluid, and we will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take actions that alter our business operations that we determine are in the best interests of our workforce, customers, vendors, suppliers, and other stakeholders. Our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products that we may develop through joint ventures and products that we are able to obtain through license or acquisition. We believe we are an industry leader in animal health R&D, with a track record of generating new products and product lifecycle innovation. Our research and development efforts enable us to deliver innovative products to address unmet needs and evolve our product lines so they remain relevant for our customers. We seek to enhance the health of animals and to bring solutions to our customers who raise and care for them. We have a global presence in both developed and emerging markets and across eight core species. Our growth strategies include driving innovative growth, enhancing customer experience, leading in digital and data analytics, cultivating a high-performing organization, and championing a healthier, more sustainable future. We believe that delighting our customers with compelling and personalized experiences that enable them to provide the best care for animals is critical for our success. We are focused on providing greater value to our customers through the integration and connectedness of our portfolio and by reducing frictions in the way they engage with us and our products and solutions. We view the strength of our leadership team and our talented colleagues around the world as a critical component of our past and future success. The animal health industry and demand for many of our animal health products in a particular region are affected by weather conditions, as usage of our products follows varying weather patterns and weather-related pressures from pests. As a result, we may experience regional and seasonal fluctuations in our results of operations. Adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, and climate change may also impact our livestock customers by impairing the health or growth of their animals or the production or availability of feed, as well as disrupting their normal operations.