Our main areas of focus include defense, space, intelligence, homeland security and information technology, including cybersecurity, and we provide a broad range of system integration and cybersecurity services. Efforts to provide mission solutions that integrate capabilities and resources across all forces and domains include implementing emerging digital and network technologies and capabilities. To advance innovation and meet customer requirements, we make investments in emerging technologies and seek to collaborate with commercial entities that we believe have complementary technologies to ours. Our future success in delivering innovative and affordable solutions relies, in part, on our multi-year business transformation initiative to significantly enhance our digital infrastructure to increase efficiencies and collaboration throughout our business while reducing costs. Artificial intelligence technologies have rapidly developed, and our business may be adversely affected if we cannot successfully integrate such technology into our internal business processes and product and service offerings in a timely, cost-effective, compliant and responsible manner. Capital expenditures are comprised of equipment and facilities infrastructure and information technology (inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software that are capitalized) to support programs and general enterprise infrastructure. We face cybersecurity threats ranging from industry-common attacks such as ransomware and denial-of-service to advanced, persistent, highly organized nation‐state actors targeting the defense industrial base and critical infrastructure sectors. If we are unable to protect sensitive information, including by complying with evolving information security, data protection and privacy regulations, our customers’ data, employees’ data, intellectual property (including trade secrets and research, development and engineering know-how), and other third-party data could be compromised, which could adversely affect our business. Products and services we provide also carry cybersecurity risks, including that they could be breached or fail to detect, prevent or combat attacks, potentially resulting in customer losses and claims against us. Compliance with U.S. government contracting regulations that limit sourcing and impose stringent cybersecurity requirements on suppliers may create supply-chain challenges and increase costs. Our business and financial performance depends, in part, on identifying, attracting and retaining a highly skilled workforce with requisite skills in multiple areas, including information technology and cybersecurity, and on managing evolving hybrid work models and security clearance requirements to support our internal and customer-facing systems.