Schwab’s disclosures underscore that “our operations are highly dependent on the integrity of our technology systems and our ability to make timely enhancements and additions to our systems,” with capital expenditures “primarily includ[ing] capitalized software costs, information technology and telecommunications equipment, and buildings” to support both organic growth and the TD Ameritrade integration. The company emphasizes that “cloud technologies are critical to the operation of our systems and platforms and our reliance on cloud technologies is growing” and that it “relies on external service providers to perform certain key technology, cloud infrastructure, processing, servicing, and support functions,” while acknowledging that “switching to an alternative service provider may require a transition period and result in less efficient operations.” Risk governance for these IT capabilities resides in an “operational risk oversight committee” with sub-committees covering “information security and cybersecurity, technology, fraud, third-party risk, data integrity, and model governance” and a “new products and services risk oversight committee” that reviews technology-related offerings. In managing information security risk, Schwab notes that its “business involves the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential information,” but that “our systems and those of our third-party service providers … have been and will continue to be the target of cyber attacks,” including “malicious code, computer viruses, ransomware, and denial of service attacks,” as well as “external fraud involving the misappropriation and use of clients’ user names, passwords or other personal information.” The firm’s model risk program supports “quantitative models and other tools and resources … for asset management, capital planning and management, risk management, stress testing and compliance,” even as it acknowledges that “errors in the design, function, or underlying assumptions used in these models and tools … could subject us to claims of a breach of fiduciary duty and potentially large liabilities.” To mitigate operational disruptions, Schwab maintains “backup and recovery infrastructure,” “geographically dispersed facilities,” and “routinely test[s] business continuity and disaster recovery plans and … incident management program,” yet concedes that “it could take an extended period of time to restore full functionality to our technology or other operating systems in the event of an unforeseen occurrence” such as “changes in client use patterns, technological failure, changes to our systems, linkages with third-party systems and power failures” or “extraordinary trading volumes” that “have caused and could cause our computer systems to operate at unacceptably slow speeds or even fail.”