During the pandemic, our focus remains on promoting employee health and safety, serving our customers and ensuring business continuity. We have taken action to direct our teams to work from home, suspend travel and replace in-person events with digital events. This macro trend towards all things digital has increased the importance and relevance of our solutions and accelerated the tailwinds that benefit our business, which contributed to our continued growth year over year. However, while our revenue and earnings are relatively predictable as a result of our subscription-based business model, the broader implications of the pandemic on our results of operations and overall financial performance remain uncertain. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. Our strategy with creative cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with users, attract more new customers, and grow our recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized ratably. We continue to implement strategies that will accelerate awareness, consideration and purchase of subscriptions to our creative cloud offerings. The increase in our digital media ARR was primarily due to new user adoption of our creative cloud and document cloud offerings. The increases were primarily due to subscription revenue growth associated with our creative cloud and document cloud offerings. Digital experience revenue was primarily due to subscription revenue growth across our offerings, with the largest contributors being our AEM and Marketo Engage offerings. Our differentiation and competitive advantage is strengthened by our ability to use the Adobe Experience Platform to connect our comprehensive set of solutions. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of all of these routes to market, and our recent financial results reflect the success of these investments. Our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment balances may fluctuate during fiscal 2021 due to changes in our planned cash outlay. Cash from operations could also be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the effects of the pandemic and other risks detailed in part I, item 1A titled "risk factors." While the pandemic has not negatively impacted our liquidity and capital resources to date, it has led to increased disruption and volatility in capital markets and credit markets which could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources in the future. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment balances, our anticipated cash flows from operations and our available credit facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital, operating resource expenditure and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months. We utilize a direct sales force to market and license our digital experience solutions, as well as an extensive ecosystem of partners, including marketing agencies, systems integrators and independent software vendors that help license and deploy our solutions to their customers. Our success in driving growth in ARR has positively affected our revenue growth. The pandemic has had widespread, rapidly-evolving and unpredictable impacts on global societies, economies, financial markets and business practices. We evaluate our assumptions, judgments and estimates on a regular basis. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur which may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results.