The global COVID-19 pandemic has continued to evolve and our priority has been and continues to be the safety of our associates and the needs of our clients. In March 2020, we implemented our business continuity plan and took steps to shift over 98% of our workforce to work from home or off-site locations to ensure uninterrupted service to our clients across our solutions. While we are well-prepared to continue operating this way, we are in the early stages of bringing back a small portion of our workforce to the office on a volunteer-only basis. Our sales force will continue to primarily engage with prospects and clients virtually; however, we are beginning to conduct face-to-face meetings in certain geographies to the extent our employees, clients, and prospects are ready to do so. We are also deeply embedded in our local communities and continue to support COVID-19 relief efforts through financial donations and donations of medical supplies for hospital workers globally. ADP's efforts have been focused on providing information and tools to help clients understand and navigate the governmental relief that has been adopted globally. During the second half of fiscal 2020, we rolled out a range of tools and reports to help our clients through the crisis and prepare for the recovery. We implemented over 1,000 feature changes to our products in response to 2,000 legislative updates in 60 countries, and we also had approximately 400,000 clients run over 2 million PPP reports for total loan values up to $115 billion dollars. Many of those clients have also now run the necessary payroll reports to apply for their loans to be forgiven. As the global economy and landscape continues to evolve for our clients, whether due to legislative changes or other factors, ADP is committed to supporting our clients to help them navigate these challenges. Despite the challenges presented by COVID-19, we remain on a transformation journey, and our initiatives are yielding efficiencies and are focused on changing how we work. We will continue to monitor macro trends based on externally and internally available data and are using these indicators to drive real-time decisions as we remain committed to our long-term strategy. We have a strong business model, a highly cash generative business with low capital intensity, and offer a suite of products that provide critical support to our clients' HCM functions. We generate sufficient free cash flow to satisfy our cash dividend and our modest debt obligations, which enables us to absorb the impact of downturns and remain steadfast in our reinvestments, our longer-term strategy, and our commitments to shareholder-friendly actions. Our financial condition remains solid at June 30, 2020, and we remain well positioned to support our associates and our clients. The significant impact the COVID-19 pandemic is having on our clients and the broader economy is in turn having an effect on our reported metrics. While the challenges presented by COVID-19 may affect the timing of our execution of parts of our strategy, we remain on a transformation journey, and our initiatives are yielding efficiencies and are focused on changing how we work. We are committed to building upon our past successes by investing in our business through enhancements in research and development and by driving meaningful transformation in the way we operate.