During 2020, we continued to build on our technical, operational and financial foundation to drive our long-term growth strategy, demonstrating our ability to maintain positive adjustment under challenging conditions, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. We experienced limited financial disruption, as most of our employees worked from home while we maintained normal business operations subject to local government health measures. We continue to monitor and take measures to protect the health and safety of our employees and support those who work from home to ensure productivity. Our strategy includes adjusting supply chain requirements based on changing customer needs and demands, which reflects our operational flexibility and adaptability in response to external pressures. We also assess our product schedules and roadmaps to make necessary adjustments to support remote working requirements and address geographic and market demand shifts caused by the pandemic. Our ability to sustain and grow profitability is supported by the continued positive momentum of our consumer and commercial products, including newly released desktop, mobile and graphics processors, and greater market acceptance for our server products. The successful adoption of our new game console processor products and our leadership in the continued development of high-performance computing products further illustrate our organizational resilience. We believe our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments balance, along with our revolving credit facility, will be sufficient to fund operations over the next 12 months, demonstrating our resource allocation and financial resilience. Our history of profitable operating results, including current period results, along with increasingly favorable forecasts of continued future profitability, provided sufficient positive evidence supporting the realizability of a certain amount of our U.S. deferred tax assets. We continue to maintain a valuation allowance for certain federal, state, and foreign tax attributes, reflecting our strategic response to financial constraints. The increase in our operating income was primarily driven by margin contributions from higher sales, which more than offset higher operating expenses, indicating our ability to manage operational resources effectively under pressure. Our net revenue for 2020 was $9.8 billion, an increase of 45% compared to 2019, showing our capacity to adapt and thrive in a turbulent market. We have demonstrated consistent, continued and increasing profitability over the preceding three-year period, which reflects our organizational capabilities and strategic initiatives to navigate complex situations. The introduction of new products and expansion of our product portfolio during the year further exemplifies our commitment to innovation and resilience in the face of adversity. Our financial condition, characterized by a strong cash position and reduced debt levels, supports our operational continuity and strategic foresight in a competitive landscape.