The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting global disruptions have affected our businesses, as well as those of our customers, suppliers, and third-party sellers. To serve our customers while also providing for the safety of our employees and service providers, we have modified numerous aspects of our logistics, transportation, supply chain, purchasing, and third-party seller processes. We have adapted our fulfillment network to implement employee and customer safety measures, such as enhanced cleaning and physical distancing, personal protective gear, disinfectant spraying, and temperature checks. Since February 2020, we have hired over 400,000 full-time and part-time employees to increase our fulfillment network capacity. We incurred approximately $4.0 billion in COVID-19 related costs in Q4 2020, for a total of more than $11.5 billion during 2020. We will continue to prioritize employee and customer safety and comply with evolving federal, state, and local standards as well as to implement standards or processes that we determine to be in the best interests of our employees, customers, and communities. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant market volatility, contributing to defaults in our accounts receivable, affecting asset valuations resulting in impairment charges, and affecting the availability of lease and financing credit as well as other segments of the credit markets. We have utilized a range of financing methods to fund our operations and capital expenditures and expect to continue to maintain financing flexibility in the current market conditions. However, due to the rapidly evolving global situation, it is not possible to predict whether unanticipated consequences of the pandemic are reasonably likely to materially affect our liquidity and capital resources in the future. The effects of fulfillment network capacity and supply chain constraints, elevated collection risk in our accounts receivable, and increased fulfillment costs and cost of sales as a percentage of net sales are expected to continue into all or portions of Q1 2021. We expect variability in inventory turnover over time since it is affected by numerous factors, including our product mix, the mix of sales by us and by third-party sellers, and our continuing focus on in-stock inventory availability and selection of product offerings. We seek to expand our fulfillment network to accommodate a greater selection and in-stock inventory levels and to meet anticipated shipment volumes from sales of our own products as well as sales by third parties for which we provide the fulfillment services. We regularly evaluate our facility requirements. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We believe that advances in technology, specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power, data storage and analytics, improved wireless connectivity, and the practical applications of artificial intelligence and machine learning, will continue to improve users' experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people's lives. We seek to invest efficiently in numerous areas of technology and content so we may continue to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiency through rapid technology developments, while operating at an ever-increasing scale. The increase in operating income in absolute dollars in 2020, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to increased unit sales, including sales by third-party sellers, and advertising sales, and slower growth in certain operating expenses, partially offset by increased shipping and fulfillment costs due in part to COVID-19.