The COVID-19 pandemic is resulting in significant risks and disruptions to the health and welfare of the global population and economy. Although the pandemic has not had a significant impact on our results of operations, it remains difficult to reasonably assess or predict the full extent of the negative impact that the COVID-19 pandemic may have on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We continue to monitor the impact on our business resulting from wider restrictions in select states and non-U.S. countries. This is a dynamically changing environment, and we continue to react to outbreaks throughout the world by reinforcing our directives to keep our workforce safe in order to provide our patients with life-sustaining medicines. Continued escalating infection rates could negatively affect our planned recovery, pressuring demand from less patient visits and channel mix if unemployment data trends remain unfavorable. We have not incurred and do not anticipate disruptions to the supply of our medicines for patients due to the COVID-19 pandemic. However, we are experiencing scarcity of certain raw materials and components as a result of the influx of COVID-19 vaccine orders receiving priority treatment from vendors. All of our internal manufacturing facilities and key contract manufacturers are operating with proper measures taken to help ensure employee safety. We have implemented a number of measures to protect the health and safety of our workforce, including, where needed, a mandatory work-from-home policy for our global workforce who can perform their jobs from home as well as restrictions on business travel and workplace and in-person meetings. The remote engagement model has continued to support healthcare professionals, patient care, and access to our medicines. Although certain field-based sales teams have begun in-person engagement in selected states and non-U.S. regions, the majority of interactions remain remote. The situation remains dynamic and challenging to assess the potential impact on our operations such as the ability and willingness of patients to access treatment centers or obtain a prescription and changes in prescribing patterns that may potentially affect our operations in the long term. We expect many new studies to start through the first quarter of 2021 following the completion of feasibility assessments, rigorous planning, and selected protocol simplifications. Our operating model continues to evolve, and we have been successful in focusing commercial, R&D, and manufacturing resources on prioritized brands and markets, strengthening our R&D capabilities in tumor biology, patient selection, and new biomarkers, delivering leaner administrative functions, and streamlining our manufacturing network to reflect the importance of biologics in our current and future portfolio. The evolution in our operating model, which focuses on maintaining a disciplined approach in marketing, selling, and administrative expenses, will enable us to deliver the necessary strategic, financial, and operational flexibility to invest in the highest priority opportunities within our portfolio. We will continue to make progress towards integrating the companies on the commercial and research and development area. Through our Celgene acquisition restructuring activities, we expect to realize $3.0 billion of synergies resulting from cost savings and avoidance through 2022 and our integration efforts across general and administrative, manufacturing, R&D, procurement, and streamlining the company's pricing and information technology infrastructure.