Our primary focus has been the safety and wellbeing of our employees and their families, as well as the seamless functioning of the firm in serving our limited partner investors who have entrusted us with their capital. We have implemented rigorous protocols for remote work across the firm, including increased cadence of group calls and updates, and frequent communication across leadership and working levels. We are leveraging technology to ensure our teams stay connected and productive, and that our culture remains strong even in these unusual circumstances. The global economy has, with certain setbacks, continued to reopen following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related shutdowns or limitations in the operations of certain non-essential businesses. Market rebounds across many asset classes have contributed to capital deployment, realization, and fundraising activity. Progress on COVID-19 vaccine production and distribution, together with continued support from previously implemented fiscal and monetary stimulus, have aided the continuing economic recovery and could potentially accelerate such recovery. Nevertheless, the recovery could remain uneven and characterized by meaningful dispersion across sectors and regions, particularly given uncertainty with respect to the distribution and acceptance of the vaccines. The resurgence in COVID-19 infection levels in certain geographies and a potential resulting market downturn may pose material risks, which potentially create additional pressure for certain of our portfolio companies' liquidity needs and their ability to meet financial obligations, including by adversely impacting operational performance. We have not experienced a period of significant dislocation since the first quarter of 2020, during which the liquidity of certain assets traded in the credit markets was limited. Nonetheless, another period of such dislocation would impact the value of certain assets held by our funds, such funds' ability to sell assets at attractive prices or in a timely manner in order to avoid losses and the likelihood of margin calls from credit providers. Our credit and insurance segment has continued to actively manage its portfolios in order to limit downside and protect capital. The majority of the segment's portfolio is in sectors that we believe are more resilient to the impact of COVID-19. In addition, the new presidential administration and the U.S. Congress may introduce new or enforce existing policies and regulations that may create uncertainty for our business and investment strategies and could have an adverse impact on us and our portfolio companies. We continue to closely monitor developments in the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and actively evaluate our sources and uses of liquidity in light of such developments. Our liquidity has not been materially impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic to date. We have multiple sources of liquidity to meet our capital needs, including annual cash flows, accumulated earnings in our businesses, the proceeds from our issuances of senior notes, liquid investments we hold on our balance sheet, and access to our committed revolving credit facility. The continuing recovery has also contributed to capital deployment, realization, and fundraising activity. The global economic conditions in 2020 were significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, and while we have seen a continuing focus toward rent regulation as a means to address residential affordability, the uncertainty regarding the timing and duration of the economic recovery precludes any prediction as to the ultimate adverse impact of COVID-19 on economic and market conditions.