We believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private-label items and through online offerings. Throughout the pandemic, our warehouses have largely remained open as a result of being deemed an "essential business" in most markets and resulted in strong sales increases in our food and sundries and fresh foods merchandise categories compared to pre-pandemic time periods. This growth in certain of our core business categories has led to improved gross margin and SG&A percentages as we leveraged these sales to achieve greater efficiency. Our e-commerce business has also benefited, as more members have shopped online during the pandemic. Conversely, we have experienced decreases in both the sales and profitability of many of our ancillary and other businesses due to temporary closures or limited demand. We believe that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, particularly health care and utility expenses. Our philosophy is not to seek to minimize employee wages and benefits, as we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. We have experienced delays in real estate and construction activities due to COVID-19. The impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current period's average price per gallon sold and that of the comparable prior period. We also achieve net sales growth by opening new warehouses. As our warehouse base grows, available and desirable sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. The negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are continuing to decline in significance as they relate to the results of our total operations. We have taken several measures in response to the pandemic, as described in item 1A risk factors, and their implications on our results of operations have impacted us across all our reportable segments to varying degrees. Our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting gross margin as a percentage of net sales. We believe that our gasoline business draws members, but it generally has a lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. Our membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. We have been successful in adapting our business to changes, which reflects our organizational resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptions.