During fiscal 2020, we delivered growth in margins and earnings per share in a very challenging environment with the COVID-19 pandemic, demonstrating our organizational resilience. We remain focused on accelerating innovation across our portfolio, which is critical as our customers navigate change at an unprecedented pace. The pandemic has driven organizations globally to digitize their operations and support remote workforces at a faster speed and greater scale than ever before. Our actions include introducing a Cisco Capital business resiliency program leveraging currently available funds to provide organizations with access to financing solutions to support business continuity. This program is designed to help customers and partners access the technology they need now, invest for recovery, and defer most of the payments until early 2021. We have committed significant funds to support both global and local pandemic response efforts, providing technology and financial support for non-profits, first responders, and governments. We also initiated a restructuring plan to realign the organization and enable further investment in key priority areas, which is expected to generate cost savings and enhance our operational flexibility. Our strategic priorities include delivering highly secure, software-defined, automated, and intelligent platforms for our customers, which reflects our commitment to resilience strategies that address their evolving needs. We believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents position is critical during this time of uncertainty due to the COVID-19 pandemic, allowing us to use our resources for strategic investments, customer financing activities, and operational continuity. The overall environment remains uncertain, but we continue to aggressively invest in priority areas with the objective of driving profitable growth over the long term. We experienced broad-based weakening in the global macroeconomic environment, which impacted our commercial and enterprise markets, yet we have maintained a focus on our major objectives and strategic initiatives. Our total deferred revenue increased, driven by increased deferrals related to our recurring software offerings, indicating a positive adjustment to changing market conditions. The COVID-19 pandemic has not materially impacted our liquidity and capital resources to date, but it has led to increased disruption and volatility in capital markets. We believe our cash generated from operations and ability to access capital markets will satisfy our liquidity requirements, including working capital needs and contractual obligations. Our financing arrangements, including the expansion of payment terms on certain channel partner financing programs, reflect our commitment to supporting our partners during this challenging time. We are also focused on maintaining our organizational health and effectiveness through strategic management and resource allocation, ensuring that we can confront future challenges and adapt to the evolving business environment.