We continue to assess the realized and potential credit deterioration of our customers due to changes in the macroeconomic environment, which has been reflected in our allowance for credit losses for accounts receivable. The ongoing impact of COVID-19 on our business continues to evolve and be unpredictable. For example, to the extent the pandemic disrupts economic activity globally, we, like other businesses, are not immune to continued adverse impacts to our business, operations, and financial results from volatility in advertising spending, changes in user behavior and preferences, credit deterioration and liquidity of our customers, depressed economic activity, or volatility in capital markets. The ongoing impact will depend on a number of factors, including the duration and severity of the pandemic; the uneven impact to certain industries; advances in testing, treatment, and prevention including vaccines; and the macroeconomic impact of government measures to contain the spread of the virus and related government stimulus measures. To address the potential impact to our business, over the near-term, we continue to evaluate the pace of our investment plans, including, but not limited to, our hiring, investments in data centers, servers, network equipment, real estate and facilities, marketing and travel spending, as well as taking certain measures to support our customers, our overall workforce, and communities we operate in. We believe the current environment is accelerating digital transformation and we remain focused on innovating and investing in the services we offer to consumers and businesses. For example, as it relates to Google Cloud, we continue to invest aggressively around the globe in our go-to-market capabilities, product development, and technical infrastructure to support long-term growth. The impact of COVID-19 on our results and operations has led to variability in our margins as many of our expenses are less variable in nature and/or may not correlate to changes in revenues, including costs associated with our data centers and facilities as well as employee compensation. Additionally, market volatility has contributed to fluctuations in the valuation of our equity investments. We continue to make significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, as well as in new products and services. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. We expect these trends to continue to affect our revenue growth rates and put pressure on our overall margins. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets, where we continue to invest heavily and develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. This has led to a trend of increased revenues from international markets over time, as regions with emerging markets have demonstrated higher revenue growth rates. We expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. We face continuing changes in regulatory conditions, laws, and public policies, which could impact our business practices and financial results. Changes in social, political, economic, tax, and regulatory conditions or in laws and policies governing a wide range of topics and related legal matters have resulted in fines and caused us to change our business practices.