In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic, which has had significant adverse impacts on the U.S. and global economies. We are conducting business with substantial modifications to employee work locations and employee travel, among other modifications. While we have not experienced significant disruptions to our operations thus far from the COVID-19 pandemic, we are unable to predict the full impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our operations and future financial performance, including demand for our offerings, impact to our customers and partners, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities, and other factors identified in "risk factors." Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. To remain competitive and continue to grow, we are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. The ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We face risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. We continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against fraud. Our business is subject to significant seasonality, and we believe this seasonality is likely to continue in the future. We have historically generated significant cash from operations and we expect to continue to do so during fiscal 2021. Our financial resources will allow us to manage the impact of COVID-19 on our business operations for the foreseeable future, which could include potential reductions in revenue and delays in payments from customers and partners. We believe that an understanding of industry trends is important in order to understand our financial results for fiscal 2020 as well as our future prospects. The balance of our cash, cash equivalents, and investments generally fluctuates with that seasonal pattern. We evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. Our strong liquidity profile enables us to quickly respond to these kinds of opportunities. We have implemented additional security measures and are continuing to work with state and federal governments to implement industry-wide security and anti-fraud measures, including sharing information regarding suspicious filings. We are committed to maintaining our operational continuity and adapting to the changing environment to ensure organizational resilience. Our strategic initiatives include investing in our information technology infrastructure and enhancing our operational flexibility to respond effectively to external pressures and disruptions. We are focused on maintaining our organizational health and effectiveness while navigating through these challenging conditions.