Throughout 2020, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related actions by governments around the world to attempt to contain the spread of the virus have significantly impacted our business. The company's priorities during the COVID-19 pandemic and related business disruption are ensuring the health and safety of our employees; supporting and making a difference in the communities we serve; keeping our brands in supply and maintaining the quality and safety of our products; serving our customers across all channels as they adapt to the shifting demands of consumers during the crisis; and positioning ourselves to emerge stronger when this crisis ends. We deployed global and regional teams to monitor the rapidly evolving situation in each of our local markets and recommended risk mitigation actions; we implemented travel restrictions; and we are following social distancing practices. During times of crisis, business continuity and adapting to the needs of our customers are critical. We have developed systemwide knowledge-sharing routines and processes, which include the management of any supply chain challenges. We are moving with speed to best serve our customers impacted by COVID-19. In partnership with our bottlers and retail customers, we are working to ensure adequate inventory levels in key channels while prioritizing core brands, key packages, and consumer affordability. We are increasing investments in e-commerce to support retailer and meal delivery services, shifting toward package sizes that are fit-for-purpose for online sales, and shifting more consumer and trade promotions to digital. Although we are experiencing a time of crisis, we are not losing sight of long-term opportunities for our business. The pandemic helped us realize we could be much bolder in our efforts to change. We believe that we will come out of this situation a better and stronger company. We identified key objectives to navigate the pandemic and position us to emerge stronger: winning more consumers; gaining market share; maintaining strong system economics; strengthening stakeholder impact; and equipping the organization to win. We leveraged the crisis as a catalyst to accelerate our strategy and to begin to deliver against these objectives by focusing on optimizing our portfolio of strong global, regional, and scaled local brands; establishing a disciplined innovation framework; increasing consumer-centric marketing effectiveness and efficiency; strengthening data-driven revenue growth management and execution capabilities; enhancing system collaboration and capturing supply chain efficiencies; and evolving our organization and investing in new capabilities to support the accelerated strategy. In August 2020, the company announced strategic steps to transform our organizational structure to better enable us to capture growth in the fast-changing marketplace. The company is building a networked global organization designed to combine the power of scale with the deep knowledge required to win locally. We must continue to enhance our core capabilities of consumer marketing, commercial leadership, and franchise leadership. Our approach includes understanding each customer's business and needs, ensuring that our customers have the right product and package offerings and the right promotional tools to create enhanced value for themselves and the company. We focus on ensuring that our bottling partners produce differentiated beverages and packages that are appropriate for the right channels and consumers. We must also continue to build a supply chain network that leverages the size and scale of the Coca-Cola system to gain a competitive advantage. We believe our company is well positioned to appropriately address challenges and risks, including evolving consumer product and shopping preferences, increased competition and capabilities in the marketplace, and product safety and quality.