We operate in an environment characterized by both complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. The global outbreak of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has negatively affected the U.S. and global economies, disrupted global supply chains, and resulted in significant travel and transport restrictions. We have taken measures to protect the health and safety of our employees, work with our customers and suppliers to minimize disruptions, and support our community in addressing the challenges posed by this ongoing global pandemic. Despite these challenges, proactive efforts helped to partially mitigate the disruptions caused by COVID-19 on our operations in 2020. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives and expect to continue to innovate and invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers. We have implemented multiple actions to help mitigate the effects of COVID-19, including accelerating payments to suppliers. Our work in production facilities and labs has continued throughout the pandemic, consistent with guidance from federal, state, and local officials to minimize the spread of COVID-19. We have taken actions to equip employees with personal protective equipment, establish minimum staffing and social distancing policies, and adopt alternate work schedules aimed to sustain production while minimizing the transmission of COVID-19. We have implemented a flexible teleworking policy for employees who can meet our customer commitments remotely, and a significant portion of our workforce is currently teleworking. The pandemic has presented unprecedented business challenges, and we have experienced impacts in each of our business areas related to COVID-19, primarily in increased coronavirus-related costs, delays in supplier deliveries, and impacts of remote work and adjusted work schedules. We continue to work with our customers, employees, suppliers, and communities to address the impacts of COVID-19 and to take actions in an effort to mitigate adverse consequences. We have identified a number of suppliers that have experienced delivery impacts due to COVID-19 and have been working to manage those impacts. Our ability to recover costs under government contracts related to COVID-19 is uncertain and will depend on future pandemic-related developments. The long-term impacts of COVID-19 on government budgets and other funding priorities that impact demand for our products and services and our business are difficult to predict but could negatively affect our future results of operations. We expect our 2021 net sales to increase, driven by increases across all four business areas. We continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers. We selectively pursue the acquisition of businesses and investments at attractive valuations that will expand or complement our current portfolio and allow access to new customers or technologies. Our strategic plan includes growing our international sales and strengthening our relationships internationally through partnerships and joint technology efforts. We have ongoing combat systems programs associated with different classes of surface combatant ships for customers in various countries. Our business segments continue to experience international interest in various defense programs, reflecting our operational flexibility and adaptability in a turbulent market environment.