During the COVID-19 pandemic, we experienced unprecedented customer demand as the consumer mindset turned its focus to the function and enjoyment of their home. Our execution of the company's retail fundamentals strategy, which focused on merchandising excellence, supply chain transformation, operational efficiency, and customer engagement, allowed us to leverage our improved operating capabilities to quickly respond to the global health crisis and meet customer demands. We rapidly re-prioritized our objectives to address the impacts of COVID-19, including protecting the health and safety of our associates and customers, financially supporting our associates during this challenging time, and providing support for our community. We implemented initiatives to facilitate a safer store environment, including enhancing cleaning procedures and adopting a requirement for all front-line associates to wear masks. Our commitment to provide financial assistance to our associates included discretionary payments and emergency paid leave. Looking forward, we unveiled our total home strategy, which is our commitment to providing a full complement of products and services for pros and consumers alike, enabling a total home solution for every need in the home. We believe our total home strategy will enhance customer engagement and grow market share by intensifying our focus on the pro customer, expanding our online business, modernizing installation services, improving localization efforts, and elevating our product assortment. We believe we have the flexibility to manage and adapt our business in a dynamic economic environment. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities was due primarily to higher net earnings and changes in working capital, which demonstrates our operational flexibility and ability to absorb strain. Our capital expenditures generally consist of investments in our strategic initiatives to enhance our ability to serve customers, improve existing stores, and support expansion plans. We continue to focus on gaining market share with the pro customer and have launched a new pro customer relationship management tool to manage, grow, and retain our pro customers through consistent and data-driven selling actions. The company incurred incremental expenses related to the restructuring actions, which were part of our strategic initiatives aimed at improving future performance and profitability. Our strategic response to the pandemic included rapidly rolling out curbside pickup and enhancing our mobile app to improve the customer pickup experience. We also completed the re-platforming of our website to the cloud, which greatly improved site stability and functionality, allowing us to achieve significant online sales growth. Our approach to managing the challenges posed by the pandemic reflects our organizational resilience, as we adapted our operations and strategies to meet evolving customer needs while maintaining a focus on long-term growth and sustainability.