In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have focused on helping people stay connected, assisting the public health response, and working on the economic recovery. We have also continued to invest based on the following company priorities: continue making progress on the major social issues facing the internet and our company, including privacy, safety, and security; build new experiences that meaningfully improve people's lives today and set the stage for even bigger improvements in the future; keep building our business by supporting the millions of businesses that rely on our services to grow and create jobs; and communicate more transparently about what we're doing and the role our services play in the world. Our business has been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has resulted in authorities implementing numerous preventative measures to contain or mitigate the outbreak of the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, limitations on business activity, quarantines, and shelter-in-place orders. These measures have caused business slowdowns or shutdowns in affected areas, both regionally and worldwide, which have significantly impacted our business and results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has also previously caused a reduction in the demand for advertising, as well as a related decline in the pricing of our ads, particularly in the second quarter of 2020. More recently, we believe the pandemic has contributed to an acceleration in the shift of commerce from offline to online, as well as increasing consumer demand for purchasing products as opposed to services, and we experienced increasing demand for advertising as a result of these trends. However, it is possible that this increased demand may not continue in future periods and may even recede as the effects of the pandemic subside, which could adversely affect our advertising revenue growth. The impact of the pandemic on user growth and engagement, the demand for and pricing of our advertising services, as well as on our overall results of operations, remains highly uncertain for the foreseeable future. In addition, we expect that future advertising revenue growth will continue to be adversely affected by limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the regulatory environment and third-party mobile operating systems and browsers. We intend to continue to invest in our business based on our company priorities, and we anticipate that additional investments in our data center capacity, servers, network infrastructure, and office facilities, as well as scaling our headcount to support our growth, will continue to drive expense growth in 2021. We expect 2021 capital expenditures to be in the range of $21-23 billion and total expenses to be in the range of $68-73 billion. The assumptions and estimates associated with collectibility assessment of revenue and credit losses of accounts receivable could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements in future periods, depending on the duration or degree of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy. The collectibility assessment has become uncertain during the current economic environment caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, and our actual experience in the future may differ from our past experiences or current assessment. We are involved in legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax or government inquiries and investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business. Significant judgment is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount of loss. Such matters are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. Should any of these estimates and assumptions change or prove to be incorrect, it could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.