Events surrounding the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak have resulted in a reduction in economic activity across the globe, which has affected demand for certain of our products. While we have observed demand increases in some areas of our business that support a stay-at-home economy, we have also observed demand decreases in other categories. Our facilities could be required to temporarily curtail production levels or temporarily cease operations based on government mandates. We may be required to alter our business operations in order to maintain a healthy and safe environment. Our efforts to respond to the COVID-19 outbreak include health screenings, required physical distancing, and established team separation protocols. We have shifted some supply from markets which have experienced declines in demand to markets that have experienced demand increases. We have evaluated our supply chain and communicated with our suppliers to identify supply gaps and taken steps to ensure continuity. In some cases, we have added alternative suppliers and increased our on-hand inventory of raw materials needed in our operations. We have added assembly and test capacity to provide redundant manufacturing capability through our network of captive operations and external partners. We are evaluating all our construction projects across our global manufacturing operations and enacting protocols to enhance the safety of our team members, suppliers, and contractors. We have developed strategies and are implementing measures to respond to a variety of potential economic scenarios. We are working with government authorities in the jurisdictions where we operate, and continuing to monitor our operations in an effort to ensure we follow government requirements, relevant regulations, industry standards, and best practices to help safeguard our team members, while safely continuing operations at our sites across the globe. We believe these actions are appropriate and prudent to safeguard our team members, contractors, suppliers, customers, and communities, while allowing us to safely continue operations. Our overall gross margin percentage decreased primarily due to declines in average selling prices, partially offset by cost reductions resulting from strong execution in delivering products featuring advanced technologies and continuous improvement initiatives to reduce production costs. We periodically assess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment. The revision in estimated useful lives reduced NAND manufacturing depreciation expense, benefiting cost of goods sold. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements. To develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and R&D. We estimate capital expenditures focused on technology transitions and product enablement. Our management believes the accounting policies below are critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies. Significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of a loss from such contingencies. We test goodwill for impairment and assess the fair value of consideration paid and the individual assets and liabilities acquired, which involves a number of judgments, assumptions, and estimates that could materially affect the amount and timing of costs recognized in subsequent periods. We are required to estimate our provision for income taxes and amounts ultimately payable or recoverable in numerous tax jurisdictions around the world. These estimates involve significant judgment and interpretations of regulations and are inherently complex.