The worldwide covid-19 pandemic is prompting governments and businesses to take unprecedented measures including restrictions on travel, temporary business closures, quarantines and shelter-in-place orders. It has significantly impacted global economic activity and caused volatility and disruption in global financial markets. Since March 2020, most of our employees have been working remotely and we have temporarily prohibited most business travel. Our gaming and data center market platforms have benefited from stronger demand as people continue to work, learn, and play from home. Throughout our supply chain, stronger demand globally has limited the availability of capacity and components, particularly in gaming. As the covid-19 pandemic continues, the timing and overall demand from customers and the availability of supply chain, logistical services and component supply may have a material net negative impact on our business and financial results. We believe our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, along with commercial paper and other short-term liquidity arrangements, will be sufficient to satisfy its working capital needs, capital asset purchases, dividends, debt repayments and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations. Demand for our products is manufactured based on estimates of customers' future demand and our manufacturing lead times are very long. This could lead to a significant mismatch between supply and demand, giving rise to product shortages or excess inventory, and make our demand forecast more uncertain. In periods with limited availability of capacity and components in our supply chain, we may place non-cancellable inventory orders significantly in advance of our normal lead times, pay premiums or provide deposits to secure normal and incremental future supply, which could negatively impact our financial results. Situations that may result in excess or obsolete inventory include changes in business and economic conditions, changes in market conditions, sudden and significant decreases in demand for our products, inventory obsolescence because of changing technology and customer requirements, failure to estimate customer demand properly, or unexpected competitive pricing actions by our competition. We continuously evaluate our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can adequately and efficiently finance our capital requirements beyond twelve months. Our marketable securities consist of debt securities issued by the U.S. government and its agencies, highly rated corporations and financial institutions, and foreign government entities, and certificates of deposits. We have approximately $1.38 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities held outside the U.S. for which we have not accrued any related foreign or state taxes if we repatriate these amounts to the U.S. Our cash dividend program and the payment of future cash dividends under that program are subject to our board's continuing determination that the dividend program and the declaration of dividends thereunder are in the best interests of our shareholders. The overall net effect on our gross margin from inventory provisions and sales of items previously written down was insignificant in fiscal years 2021 and 2020. We recognize the fair value of an acquired intangible apart from goodwill whenever the intangible arises from contractual or other legal rights, or when it can be separated or divided from the acquired entity and sold, transferred, licensed, rented or exchanged, either individually or in combination with a related contract, asset or liability. The concept of resilience draws attention to systems as well as individuals, to partial maintenance of integrity and performance, to the opposite of brittleness, and to disturbances that vary both in scale and source.