Our financial condition and operating results remain strong in the COVID-19 environment, and our business continuity, communication plans, and technology are allowing all functions of our business to work smoothly during this time. We have not had any layoffs and have extended financial assistance to employees in need. Our local property and leasing teams have continued to maintain our properties and work with our customers to help them navigate the new environment while following established measures to help keep them and our customers safe. We experienced minimal impacts from the current environment on our operating fundamentals in 2020, which is the result of the high quality and location of our real estate portfolio, our customer base, favorable market fundamentals in the logistics real estate sector, and significant in-place-to-market rent spreads. E-commerce continues to grow well above its historical average, and customers that serve essential daily needs are thriving. Customers negatively impacted by the current economy represent a minimal percentage of our annual rent. Leasing activity remained strong for the operating portfolio throughout 2020, with the commencement of 150 million square feet of leases with an average term of 66 months. We expect market rents to continue to increase in 2021. Our capital deployment and disposition activities have continued throughout this time, and we expect the volume of these activities to accelerate in 2021. By the fourth quarter of 2020, we restarted the majority of the speculative development projects that we suspended in the first quarter. Our employees have continued working remotely or in certain locations in our offices under protocols to keep a safe working environment. We are providing assistance across the globe in the form of direct cash grants, supplies, and donations through our Space for Good program. In 2020, we pledged $5 million to COVID-19 relief organizations and $1 million in support of racial equality causes. Our business continuity strategies and operational flexibility have allowed us to adapt to the challenges posed by the pandemic while maintaining a focus on our major objectives. We have deferred rental payments for certain customers, which did not impact revenue recognized from those leases. Although COVID-19 continues to have a minimal impact on our rent collections, we may experience an increase in bad debt. Our financial condition is supported by our ability to generate cash from operating activities, distributions from our co-investment ventures, and available financing sources. We consider our ability to generate cash from operating activities and our liquidity to be adequate to meet our anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend, and distribution requirements. Our refinancing activities in 2020 significantly lengthened the maturity of our senior notes, and we remain in compliance with all of our financial debt covenants. We have processes in place to monitor our investments and maintain sufficient liquidity, which are essential for our organizational resilience in navigating the complexities of the current business environment.