We are closely monitoring the impact of the outbreak of COVID-19 on all aspects of our business. While COVID-19 did not have a material adverse effect on our reported results for the year ended December 31, 2020, we are unable to predict the ultimate impact that it may have on our business, future results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. Our strategy seeks to deliver an exceptional, differentiated customer experience by enhancing our foundational capabilities, evolving and growing our core businesses, and pursuing growth via adjacencies. We strive to deliver on our strategic priorities in key areas, including meeting or exceeding revenue growth and EBITDA margin targets, funding organic opportunities, and pursuing disciplined acquisitions and partnerships to support our key growth areas. We are advancing our risk culture by maturing risk management and compliance processes and our cybersecurity posture. We are improving end-user productivity and experience by providing our employees with the tools and processes to better serve our customers. The increase in operating profit was primarily due to revenue growth at all of our reportable segments combined with a decrease in travel and entertainment expenses from non-essential travel restrictions in response to COVID-19. The increase was partially offset by an increase in incentive costs and higher compensation costs driven by annual merit increases and additional headcount. In 2020, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $16 million related to dispositions, which reflects our ability to adapt and reconfigure our operations in response to market conditions. We have returned approximately $5.8 billion to our shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and quarterly dividends, demonstrating our commitment to maintaining operational continuity and financial health. Our operations are designed to help investment professionals, government agencies, corporations, and universities track performance, generate alpha, identify investment ideas, and assess credit risk. We are committed to building trust and team cohesion, laying groundwork to set the pro forma organization up for successful realization of our synergy and strategic goals. The favorable impact of foreign exchange rates increased revenue by less than 1 percentage point, indicating our operational flexibility in navigating external pressures. Our purpose is to provide the intelligence that is essential for companies, governments, and individuals to make decisions with conviction. We are enhancing and adjusting the delivery of our products across multiple channels to meet customer needs, while also nurturing and protecting our core franchise. The acquisition of the ESG ratings business will bolster our position as a premier resource for essential environmental, social, and governance insights and product solutions for our customers. Our commitment to advancing our shared data processes and technical capabilities reflects our focus on resilience strategies and mechanisms to adapt to changing market dynamics. We are dedicated to fostering a people-first environment while maintaining existing levels of engagement and improving diverse representation through talent acquisition and retention. Our financial position remains strong, with cash flows from operations expected to meet our operating and recurring cash needs into the foreseeable future.