The company mobilized in early 2020 to support the COVID-19 pandemic response with products and services that help analyze, diagnose, and protect from the virus. The extent and duration of the negative impacts continuing into 2021 are uncertain and dependent in part on the success of global efforts to control the pandemic and economic activity ramping up. The company believes the impacted businesses' long-term prospects remain excellent given the company's attractive markets served, its industry-leading position, and proven growth strategy. Several of the company's businesses have had a significant increase in revenues due to sales of products and services addressing diagnosis and treatment of COVID-19, including test kits and products for therapy and vaccine development. The company's strategy is to augment internal growth at existing businesses with complementary acquisitions. The increase in operating income was primarily due to profit on higher sales and, to a lesser extent, sales mix, offset in part by strategic growth investments. The company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, focused research and development projects, and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience. The company recorded restructuring and other costs, net, of $95 million in 2020, with restructuring projects expected to result in annual cost savings of approximately $55 million beginning in part in 2020 and to a greater extent in 2021. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future. The company has a revolving credit facility that provides up to $3.00 billion of unsecured multi-currency revolving credit. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents of $10.33 billion as of December 31, 2020, and its future cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for at least the next 24 months. The company expects that for 2021, expenditures for property, plant, and equipment, net of disposals, will be between $2.2 and $2.4 billion. The company has operations and a taxable presence in approximately 50 countries outside the U.S., and the company's ability to obtain a benefit from lower tax rates outside the U.S. is dependent on its relative levels of income in those countries. The company assesses income tax positions and records tax benefits for all years subject to examination based on management's evaluation of the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting date. The company records accruals for various contingencies, including legal proceedings, environmental, workers' compensation, product, general and auto liabilities, and other claims that arise in the normal course of business. The accruals are based on management's judgment, historical claims experience, and the probability of losses. The company believes that its critical accounting policies and estimates used in the preparation of its financial statements reflect its ability to adapt to changing conditions and maintain operational flexibility.