The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. In 2020, we have been relatively successful in navigating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, although we faced temporary manufacturing closures, employment and compensation adjustments, and impediments to administrative activities supporting our product deliveries and deployments. We continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions to remain flexible and to optimize and evolve our business as appropriate, and we will have to accurately project demand and infrastructure requirements globally and deploy our production, workforce, and other resources accordingly. As part of our response strategy to the business disruptions caused by the pandemic, we instituted cost reduction initiatives across our business globally to be commensurate with the scope of our operations while they were scaled back. This included temporary labor cost reduction measures such as employee furloughs and compensation reductions, as well as the suspension of non-critical operating spend and opportunistically renegotiating supplier and vendor arrangements. The impact of the idle capacity charges incurred during the first half of 2020 was almost entirely offset by our cost savings initiatives and payroll-related benefits. We expect that the cash we generate from our core operations will generally be sufficient to cover our future capital expenditures and to pay down our near-term debt obligations, although we may choose to seek alternative financing sources. We continually evaluate our capital expenditure needs and may decide it is best to raise additional capital to fund the rapid growth of our business. We expect that our current sources of liquidity together with our projection of cash flows from operating activities will provide us with adequate liquidity over at least the next 12 months, even considering the expected levels of capital expenditures in the current and next two fiscal years. A large portion of our future expenditures is to fund our growth, and we can adjust our capital and operating expenditures by operating segment, including future expansion of our product offerings and service locations. If our near-term manufacturing operations decrease in scale or ramp more slowly than expected, we may choose to correspondingly slow the pace of our capital expenditures. We have determined that we are the primary beneficiary of all variable interest entities, and we evaluate our relationships with all the variable interest entities on an ongoing basis to ensure that we continue to be the primary beneficiary. The estimates used for determining significant economic incentives could be impacted by the ongoing pandemic, and we have assessed the impact without identifying specific events or circumstances that required an update to our estimates and assumptions. We remain committed to increasing our retrofit solar energy business and improving our installation capabilities, which are critical to our operational continuity and resilience in the face of market volatility and external pressures. Our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy, and we continue to ramp production, build new manufacturing capacity, and expand our operations to enable increased deliveries and deployments of our products and further revenue growth.