The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve and the ultimate impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows remains uncertain. The temporary deferral of care experienced in 2020 may cause care patterns to moderately exceed normal baselines in future periods as utilization of health system capacity continues to increase. The impact of COVID-19 on our care provider and payer clients could impact the volume and types of services Optum provides, as well as the pacing of potential new business opportunities. As a result of the dynamic situation and broad-reaching impact to the health system, the ultimate impact of COVID-19 on our Optum businesses is uncertain. We expanded benefit coverage in areas such as COVID-19 care and testing, telemedicine, and pharmacy benefits; provided customers assistance in the form of co-pay waivers and premium forgiveness; offered additional enrollment opportunities to those who previously declined employer-sponsored offerings; extended certain premium payment terms for customers experiencing financial hardship; simplified administrative practices; and accelerated payments to care providers, all with the aim of assisting our customers, care providers, members, and communities in addressing the COVID-19 crisis. Disrupted care patterns, as a result of the pandemic, may temporarily affect the ability to obtain complete member health status information, impacting future revenue in businesses utilizing risk adjustment methodologies. The uncertain impact of COVID-19 may impact our ability to estimate medical costs payable, which could result in increased variability to medical cost reserve development in future periods. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying performance-based care provider payment models rewarding high-quality, affordable care and foster collaboration. We work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients. The ongoing Medicare Advantage funding pressure places continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We seek to intensify our medical and operating cost management, make changes to the size and composition of our care provider networks, adjust members' benefits, and implement or increase the member premiums supplementing the monthly payments we receive from the government. Our liquidity and financial position are managed in the context of our overall business strategy, continually forecasting and managing our cash, investments, working capital balances, and capital structure to meet the short-term and long-term obligations of our businesses while seeking to maintain liquidity and financial flexibility. We believe our capital resources are sufficient to meet future, short-term and long-term, liquidity needs. The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. Our businesses participate in the United States, South America, and certain other international health markets. We expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future, due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population, and national interest in health and well-being. The uncertain impact of COVID-19 may impact our ability to estimate medical costs payable, which could result in increased variability to medical cost reserve development in future periods.