We continue to monitor the impacts of the COVID-19 global pandemic on our business. COVID-19 has not affected our supply chain or the demand for our medicines, and we believe that we will be able to continue to supply all of our approved medicines to patients globally. We have adjusted our business operations in response to COVID-19, with a majority of our employees continuing to work remotely. We continue to monitor local COVID-19 trends and government guidance for each of our site locations, and are utilizing a phased, site-specific approach to assess employee access to our sites. To provide a safe working environment for our on-site employees, we have, among other things, limited employee numbers at our open sites and increased safety measures, including at-home and on-site testing in the U.S., enhanced cleaning and sanitation protocols, required use of personal protective equipment for all on-site employees, hand sanitation stations throughout our open sites, and implementation of various social distancing measures while on-site. Our strategy is to combine transformative advances in the understanding of human disease and the science of therapeutics in order to identify and develop new medicines. We believe that pursuing innovative approaches to treat diverse diseases of great unmet need allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. This process can result in rapid changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs, as well as those of our competitors. We expect to continue to invest in our research programs and foster scientific innovation in order to identify and develop transformative medicines. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates and expenses related to certain technology that we acquire or license through business development transactions. We expect that cash flows from our products together with our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months and do not expect COVID-19 to have an adverse effect on our liquidity. We have entered into certain research and development collaboration agreements with third parties and acquired certain assets that include the funding of certain development, manufacturing, and commercialization efforts with the potential for future milestone and royalty payments by us upon the achievement of pre-established developmental, regulatory, and/or commercial targets. Our obligation to fund these efforts is contingent upon continued involvement in the programs and/or the lack of any adverse events that could cause the discontinuance of the programs. We have made important progress in activities supporting our efforts to grow our CF business through increasing the number of people with CF eligible and able to receive our medicines and providing improved treatment options for people who are already eligible for one of our medicines. We expect to continue to focus significant resources to obtain appropriate reimbursement for our products in ex-U.S. markets. We are also focused on developing cell and genetic therapies for various diseases in our pipeline, which reflects our adaptability and commitment to maintaining operational continuity in the face of external pressures and challenges.