item 1a. risk factors.
our business, results of operations, and financial condition are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. in connection with any investment decision with respect to our securities, you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information contained in this report and our other filings with the sec. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. should any of these risks materialize, our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects could be negatively impacted, which in turn could affect the trading value of our securities. you should read these risk factors in conjunction with "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in item 8.
strong competition could adversely affect prices and demand for our products and services and could decrease our market share.
our industry is highly competitive, very fragmented, and evolving. as a result, we face competition for our products and services from a variety of retailers, suppliers, and service providers, ranging from traditional brick-and-mortar, to multichannel, to exclusively online. the internet facilitates competitive entry, price transparency, and comparison shopping, increasing the level of competition we face. in each of the markets we serve, there are a number of other home improvement retailers; electrical, plumbing and building materials supply houses; and lumber yards. with respect to some products and services, we also compete with specialty design stores, showrooms, discount stores, local, regional and national hardware stores, paint stores, mail order firms, warehouse clubs, independent building supply stores, mro companies, home décor retailers, and other retailers, as well as with providers of home improvement services and tool and equipment rental.
we compete, both in-store and online, primarily based on customer experience, price, quality, availability, product assortment, and delivery options. with respect to our stores, we also compete based on store location and appearance as well as presentation of merchandise. further, online and multichannel retailers are increasingly focusing on delivery services, with customers seeking faster and/or guaranteed delivery times, as well as low-price or free shipping. our ability to be competitive on delivery times and delivery costs depends on many factors, including the success of our investments in one supply chain, and our failure to successfully manage these factors and offer competitive delivery options could negatively impact the demand for our products and our profit margins.
we use our marketing, advertising and promotional programs to drive customer traffic and compete more effectively, and we must regularly assess and adjust our efforts to address changes in the competitive landscape. intense competitive pressures from one or more of our competitors, such as through aggressive promotional pricing or liquidation events, or our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape, could adversely affect our prices, our margins, or demand for our products and services. if we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to these competitive pressures, including through the delivery of a superior customer experience or maintenance of effective marketing, advertising or promotional programs, our market share and our financial performance could be adversely affected.
we may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer needs, expectations or trends, which could adversely affect our relationship with customers, our reputation, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.
the success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics; consumer preferences, expectations and needs; and unexpected weather conditions, public health issues (including pandemics and quarantines) or natural disasters, while also managing appropriate inventory levels in our stores and distribution or fulfillment centers and maintaining an excellent customer experience. it is difficult to successfully predict the products and services our customers will demand. as our customers begin to expect a more personalized experience, our ability to collect, use and protect relevant customer data is important to our ability to effectively meet their expectations. our ability to collect and use that data, however, is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy and security. in addition, each of our primary customer groups has different needs and expectations, many of which evolve as the demographics in a particular customer group change. we also need to offer more localized assortments of our merchandise to appeal to local cultural and demographic tastes within each customer group. if we do not successfully differentiate the shopping experience to meet the individual needs and expectations of or within a customer group, we may lose market share with respect to those customers.
customer expectations about the methods by which they purchase and receive products or services are also becoming more demanding. customers routinely use technology and a variety of electronic devices and digital platforms to rapidly compare products and prices, read product reviews, determine real-time product availability, and purchase products. once products are purchased, customers are seeking alternate options for delivery of those products, and they often expect quick, timely, and low-price or free delivery. we must continually anticipate and adapt to these changes in the purchasing process. we have our boss, bopis, bodfs and direct fulfillment delivery options, but we cannot guarantee that these or future programs will be maintained and implemented successfully or that we will be able to meet customer expectations on delivery times, options and costs. customers are also using social media to provide feedback and information about our company and products and services in a manner that can be quickly and broadly disseminated. to the extent a customer has a negative experience and shares it over social media, it may impact our brand and reputation.
further, we have an aging store base that requires maintenance, investment, and space reallocation initiatives to deliver the shopping experience that our customers desire. our investments in our stores may not deliver the relevant shopping experience our customers expect. we must also maintain a safe store environment for our customers and associates, as well as to protect against loss or theft of our inventory (also called "shrink"). higher rates of shrink, which we have recently experienced, can require operational changes that may increase costs and impact the customer experience.
failure to improve and maintain our stores, utilize our store space effectively, and offer a safe shopping environment; to provide a compelling online presence; to timely identify or respond to changing consumer preferences, expectations and home improvement needs; to maintain appropriate inventory; to provide quick and low-price or free delivery alternatives; to differentiate the customer experience for our primary customer groups; and to effectively implement an increasingly localized merchandising assortment could adversely affect our relationship with customers, our reputation, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.
the implementation of our store, interconnected retail, supply chain and technology initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail.
we have been substantially increasing our investments to create the one home depot experience, including significant investments over several years to build one supply chain. these initiatives are designed to streamline our operations to allow our associates to continue to provide high-quality service to our customers; simplify customer interactions; provide our customers with a more interconnected retail experience; and create the fastest, most efficient delivery network for home improvement products. failure to choose the right investments and implement them in the right manner and at the right pace could disrupt our operations. the one home depot initiative will require significant investment in our operations and systems, as well as the development and execution of new processes, systems and support. the one supply chain initiative also involves significant real estate projects as we expand our distribution network. if we are unable to effectively manage the volume, nature and cost of these investments, projects and changes, our business operations and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. the cost and potential problems, defects of design and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with managing third-party service providers, employing new web-based tools and services, implementing new technology, implementing and restructuring support systems and processes, identifying appropriate facility locations, and addressing impacts on inventory levels, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term, lead to product availability issues, and impact profitability. further, accomplishing these initiatives will require a substantial investment in additional information technology personnel and other specialized personnel. we may face significant competition in the market for these resources and may not be successful in our hiring efforts. in addition, our store and interconnected retail initiatives, one supply chain, and new or upgraded information technology systems might not provide the anticipated benefits, it might take longer than expected to complete the initiatives or realize the anticipated benefits, or the initiatives might fail altogether, each of which could adversely impact our competitive position and our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
our success depends upon our ability to attract, develop and retain highly qualified associates while also controlling our labor costs.
our customers expect a high level of customer service and product knowledge from our associates. to meet the needs and expectations of our customers, we must attract, develop and retain a large number of highly qualified associates while at the same time controlling labor costs. our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including market pressures with respect to prevailing wage rates, unemployment levels, and health and other insurance costs, as well as the impact of legislation or regulations governing labor relations, minimum wage, and healthcare benefits. in addition, to support our strategic initiatives, including one supply chain, and the related technology investments needed to implement our strategic investments, we must attract and retain a large number of skilled professionals, including technology professionals. the market for these professionals is increasingly competitive. an inability to provide wages and/or benefits that are competitive within the markets in which we operate could adversely affect our ability to retain and attract associates. further, changes in market compensation rates may adversely affect our labor costs. in addition, we compete with other retail businesses for many of our associates in hourly positions, and we invest significant resources in training and motivating them to maintain a high level of job satisfaction. these positions have historically had high turnover rates, which can lead to increased training and retention costs, particularly in a competitive labor market. there is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified associates in the future.
a failure of a key information technology system or process could adversely affect our business.
we rely extensively on information technology systems to analyze, process, store, manage and protect transactions and data. some of these systems are managed or provided by third-party service providers, including certain cloud platform providers. in managing our business, we also rely heavily on the integrity of, security of, and consistent access to, this operational and financial data for information such as sales, customer data, associate data, demand forecasting, merchandise ordering, inventory replenishment, supply chain management, payment processing, and order fulfillment. for these information technology systems and processes to operate effectively, we or our service providers must maintain and update them. our systems and the third-party systems with which we interact are subject to damage or interruption from a number of causes, including power outages; computer and telecommunications failures; computer viruses; security breaches or data theft; cyber-attacks, including the use of malicious codes, worms, phishing, spyware, denial of service attacks, and ransomware; catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, or hurricanes; acts of war or terrorism; and design or usage errors by our associates, contractors or third-party service providers. although we and our third-party service providers seek to maintain our respective systems effectively and to successfully address the risk of compromise of the integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems, such efforts may not be successful. as a result, we or our service providers could experience errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service in key portions of our information technology infrastructure, which could significantly disrupt our operations or impair data security, and be costly, time consuming and resource-intensive to remedy.
in addition, we are currently making, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in our information technology systems and infrastructure, in certain cases with the assistance of strategic partners and other third-party service providers. these investments involve replacing existing systems with successor systems; outsourcing certain technology to third-party service providers; making changes to existing systems, including the migration of applications to the cloud; or designing or cost-effectively acquiring new systems with new functionality. these efforts can result in significant potential risks, including failure of the systems to operate as designed, potential loss or corruption of data, changes in security processes, cost overruns, implementation delays, disruption of operations, and the potential inability to meet business and reporting requirements. any system implementation and transition difficulty may result in operational challenges, security failures, reputational harm, and increased costs that could adversely affect our business operations and results of operations.
disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences.
through our information technology systems, we are able to provide an improved overall shopping and interconnected retail experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from a variety of electronic devices and digital platforms. we use our digital platforms both as sales channels for our products and services and also as methods of providing inspiration, as well as product, project, and other relevant information to our customers to drive sales, regardless of whether they occur in-store or online. we have multiple online communities and knowledge centers that allow us to inform, assist and interact with our customers. the retail industry is continually evolving and expanding, and we must effectively respond to new developments and changing customer preferences with respect to an interconnected experience. we continually seek to enhance all of our online and digital properties to provide an attractive, user-friendly interface for our customers. disruptions, delays, failures or other performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems, or a failure of these systems to meet our or our customers' expectations, could impair the benefits that they provide to our business and negatively affect our relationship with our customers.
disruptions in our supply chain and other factors affecting the distribution of our merchandise could adversely impact our business.
a disruption within our logistics or supply chain network could adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory in a timely manner, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales, increased supply chain costs, or damage to our reputation. such disruptions may result from damage or destruction to our distribution centers; weather-related events; natural disasters; international trade disputes or trade policy changes or restrictions; tariffs or import-related taxes; third-party strikes, lock-outs, work stoppages or slowdowns; shortages of truck drivers; shipping capacity constraints; third-party contract disputes; supply or shipping interruptions or costs; military conflicts; acts of terrorism; public health issues, including pandemics or quarantines (such as the recent covid-19 coronavirus outbreak); or other factors beyond our control. any such disruption could negatively impact our financial performance or financial condition.
if our efforts to maintain the privacy and security of customer, associate, supplier and company information are not successful, we could incur substantial costs and reputational damage and could become subject to litigation and enforcement actions.
our business, like that of most retailers, involves the receipt, storage, management and transmission of customers' personal information, preferences, and payment card information, as well as other confidential information, such as personal information about our associates and our suppliers and confidential company information. we also work with third-party service providers and vendors that provide technology, systems and services that we use in connection with the receipt, storage and transmission of this information. our information systems, and those of our third-party service providers and vendors, are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving data protection and cybersecurity risks. unauthorized parties have in the past gained access, and will continue to attempt to gain access to, these systems and data through fraud or other means of deceiving our associates, third-party service providers or vendors. hardware, software or applications we develop or obtain from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. the methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems are also constantly changing and evolving and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. we have implemented and regularly review and update our systems, processes, and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of data and to prevent data loss. however, the ever-evolving threats mean we and our third-party service providers and vendors must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes and overall security environment, as well as those of any companies we acquire. there is no guarantee that these measures will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches, system compromises or misuses of data. as we experienced in connection with the data breach we discovered in the third quarter of fiscal 2014, any significant compromise or breach of our data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of customer, associate, supplier or company data, could result in significant costs, including costs to investigate and remediate, as well as lost sales, fines, lawsuits, and damage to our reputation.
in addition, the regulatory environment related to data privacy and cybersecurity is constantly changing, with new and increasingly rigorous requirements applicable to our business. the implementation of these requirements has also become more complex. maintaining our compliance with those requirements, including the california consumer privacy act (ccpa), may require significant effort and cost, require changes to our business practices, and limit our ability to obtain data used to provide a personalized customer experience. in addition, failure to comply with applicable requirements could subject us to fines, sanctions, governmental investigations, lawsuits or reputational damage.
we are subject to payment-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud or theft, subject us to potential liability, and potentially disrupt our business.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit and debit cards, paypal, our plccs, an installment loan program, trade credit, and gift cards, and we may offer new payment options over time. acceptance of these payment options subjects us to rules, regulations, contractual obligations and compliance requirements, including payment network rules and operating guidelines, data security standards and certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers. these requirements may change over time or be reinterpreted, making compliance more difficult, costly, or uncertain. for certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs. we rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, and other forms of electronic payment. if these companies become unable to provide these services to us, or if their systems are compromised, it could potentially disrupt our business. the payment methods that we offer also subject us to potential fraud and theft by criminals, who are becoming increasingly more sophisticated, seeking to obtain unauthorized access to or exploit weaknesses that may exist in our payments and payment processing systems. if we fail to comply with applicable rules or requirements for the payment methods we accept, or if payment-related data is compromised due to a breach or misuse of data, we may be liable for costs incurred by payment card issuing banks and other third parties or subject to fines and higher transaction fees, or our ability to accept or facilitate certain types of payments may be impaired. in addition, our customers could lose confidence in certain payment types, which may result in a shift to other payment types or potential changes to our payment systems that may result in higher costs. as a result, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
uncertainty regarding the housing market, economic conditions, political climate, public health issues, and other factors beyond our control could adversely affect demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business, and our financial performance.
our financial performance depends significantly on the stability of the housing and home improvement markets, as well as general economic conditions, including changes in gross domestic product. adverse conditions in or uncertainty about these markets, the economy or the political climate could adversely impact our customers' confidence or financial condition, causing them to decide against purchasing home improvement products and services, causing them to delay purchasing decisions, or impacting their ability to pay for products and services. other factors beyond our control - including unemployment and foreclosure rates; inventory loss due to theft; interest rate fluctuations; fuel and other energy costs; labor and healthcare costs; the availability of financing; the state of the credit markets, including mortgages, home equity loans and consumer credit; weather; natural disasters; acts of terrorism or violence, including active shooter situations; public health issues, including pandemics and quarantines; and other conditions beyond our control - could further adversely affect demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business, and our financial performance.
for example, the recent pandemic caused by the novel coronavirus covid-19 has led to work and travel restrictions within, to, and out of a number of countries and supply chain disruptions and delays. these restrictions and delays, which may expand depending on the progression of the pandemic, have impacted and may continue to impact suppliers and manufacturers of certain of our products. this may make it difficult for our suppliers to source and manufacture products in, and to export our products from, affected areas. as a result, we have faced and may continue to face delays or difficulty sourcing certain products, which could negatively affect our business and financial results. even if we are able to find alternate sources for such products, they may cost more, which could adversely impact our profitability and financial condition. at this time, there is significant uncertainty relating to the potential effect of covid-19 on our business and the costs that we may incur as a result. infections have become more widespread, which may worsen the supply shortage or restrict third-party manufacturing or other operations. in response to the covid-19 pandemic, we have canceled or shifted to virtual experiences for certain supplier and associate events and have shifted certain store support operations to remote or virtual, and we may deem it appropriate or advisable to take further similar actions in the future. we have shortened our customer-facing hours in all of our stores and temporarily closed our stores in puerto rico, and we may need to restrict access to or close certain of, or face labor shortages in, other stores or facilities, which could negatively impact productivity, sales, or operating expenses. we are taking steps in our stores to manage foot traffic to better protect our customers and associates. we have also expanded our paid time off policy to help alleviate some of the challenges our associates may be facing as a result of covid-19, and we may face additional health insurance and labor-related costs. the pandemic may also reduce foot traffic in our stores or temporarily reduce demand for our products or services. in certain jurisdictions, we have had to cease sales of or delay commencement of certain services deemed "non-life-sustaining," and other jurisdictions may impose similar requirements. further, customers' financial condition may be adversely impacted as a result of the impacts of covid-19 and efforts taken to prevent its spread, which could result in reduced demand for our products and services. in addition, our continued access to external sources of liquidity depends on multiple factors, including the condition of debt capital markets, our operating performance, and maintaining strong credit ratings. if the impacts of the pandemic create disruptions or turmoil in the financial markets, or if rating agencies lower our credit ratings, it could adversely affect our ability to access the debt markets, our cost of funds, and other terms for new debt. any of these occurrences may have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
our business is subject to seasonal influences, and uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions, alone or together with natural disasters, as well as other catastrophic events, could impact our operations.
natural disasters, such as hurricanes and tropical storms, fires, floods, tornadoes, and earthquakes; unseasonable, or unexpected or extreme weather conditions; acts of terrorism or violence, including active shooter situations; public health concerns, such as pandemics and quarantines; or similar disruptions and catastrophic events can affect consumer spending and confidence and consumers' disposable income, particularly with respect to home improvement or construction projects, and could have an adverse effect on our financial performance. these types of events can also adversely affect our work force and prevent associates and customers from reaching our stores and other facilities. they can also, temporarily or on a long-term basis, disrupt or disable operations of stores, support centers, and portions of our supply chain and distribution network, including causing reductions in the availability of inventory and disruption of utility services. in addition, these events may affect our information systems, resulting in disruption to various aspects of our operations, including our ability to transact with customers and fulfill orders and to communicate with our stores. unseasonable, unexpected or extreme weather conditions such as excessive precipitation, warm temperatures during the winter season, or prolonged or extreme periods of warm or cold temperatures could render a portion of our inventory incompatible with customer needs. as a consequence of these or other catastrophic or uncharacteristic events, we may experience interruption to our operations, increased costs, or losses of property, equipment or inventory, which would adversely affect our revenue and profitability.
if we fail to identify and develop relationships with a sufficient number of qualified suppliers, or if our suppliers experience financial difficulties or other challenges, our ability to timely and efficiently access products that meet our high standards for quality could be adversely affected.
we buy our products from suppliers located throughout the world. our ability to continue to identify and develop relationships with qualified suppliers who can satisfy our high standards for quality and responsible sourcing, as well as our need to access products in a timely and efficient manner, is a significant challenge. our ability to access products from our suppliers can be adversely affected by political instability, military conflict, acts of terrorism or violence, public health issues (including pandemics and quarantines), the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers' noncompliance with applicable laws, trade restrictions, tariffs, currency exchange rates, any disruptions in our suppliers' logistics or supply chain networks or information technology systems, and other factors beyond our or our suppliers' control. if we are unable to access products to meet our customers' demands and expectations in a timely and efficient manner, our sales and gross margin results may be adversely impacted.
if we are unable to effectively manage and expand our alliances and relationships with selected suppliers of both brand name and proprietary products, we may be unable to effectively execute our strategy to differentiate ourselves from our competitors.
as part of our focus on product differentiation, we have formed strategic alliances and exclusive relationships with selected suppliers to market products under a variety of well-recognized brand names. we have also developed relationships with selected suppliers to allow us to market proprietary products that are comparable to national brands. our proprietary products differentiate us from other retailers, generally carry higher margins than national brand products, and represent a growing portion of our business. if we are unable to manage and expand these alliances and relationships or identify alternative sources for comparable brand name and proprietary products, we may not be able to effectively execute product differentiation, which may impact our sales and gross margin results.
failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality and safety could damage our image with customers, expose us to litigation, and negatively impact our sales and results of operations.
product and service quality issues could negatively impact customer confidence in our brands and our company. if our product and service offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or our customers' expectations regarding safety or quality, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and be exposed to legal, financial and reputational risks, as well as governmental enforcement actions. actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns, including health-related concerns, could expose us to litigation, as well as government enforcement actions, and result in costly product recalls and other liabilities. we seek but may not be successful in obtaining contractual indemnification and insurance coverage from our vendors. if we do not have adequate contractual indemnification or insurance available, such claims could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. even with adequate insurance and indemnification, our reputation as a provider of high quality products and services, including both national brand names and our proprietary products, could suffer, damaging our reputation and impacting customer loyalty. in addition, we and our customers have expectations around responsible sourcing. all of our vendors and service providers must comply with our responsible sourcing standards, which cover a variety of expectations across multiple areas of social compliance, including supply chain transparency, sources of supply, and child and forced labor. we have a responsible sourcing audit process, but we are also dependent on our vendors and service providers to ensure that the products and services we provide comply with our standards.
our proprietary products subject us to certain increased risks, including regulatory, product liability, supplier relations, and reputational risks.
as we expand our proprietary product offerings, in addition to other product-related risks discussed herein, we may become subject to increased risks due to our greater role in the design, manufacture, marketing and sale of those products. the risks include greater responsibility to administer and comply with applicable regulatory requirements, increased potential product liability and product recall exposure, and increased potential reputational risks related to the responsible sourcing of those products. to effectively execute on our product differentiation strategy, we must also be able to successfully protect our proprietary rights and successfully navigate and avoid claims related to the proprietary rights of third parties. in addition, an increase in sales of our proprietary products may adversely affect sales of our suppliers' products, which in turn could adversely affect our relationships with certain of our suppliers. any failure to appropriately address some or all of these risks could damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
if we are unable to effectively manage our installation services business, we could suffer lost sales and be subject to fines, lawsuits and reputational damage, or the loss of our general contractor licenses.
we act as a general contractor to provide installation services to our difm customers through professional third-party installers. as such, we are subject to regulatory requirements and risks applicable to general contractors, which include management of licensing, permitting and quality of work performed by our third-party installers. we have established processes and procedures to manage these requirements and ensure customer satisfaction with the services provided by our third-party installers. however, if we fail to manage these processes effectively or to provide proper oversight of these services, we could suffer lost sales, fines, lawsuits, and governmental enforcement actions for violations of regulatory requirements, as well as for property damage or personal injury. in addition, we may suffer damage to our reputation or the loss of our general contractor licenses, which could adversely affect our business.
our strategic transactions involve risks, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operation, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions.
we regularly consider and enter into strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, investments, alliances, and other growth and market expansion strategies, with the expectation that these transactions will result in increases in sales, cost savings, synergies and various other benefits. assessing the viability and realizing the benefits of these transactions is subject to significant uncertainty. for each of our acquisitions, we need to successfully integrate the target company's products, services, associates and systems into our business operations. integration can be a complex and time-consuming process, and if the integration is not fully successful or is delayed for a material period of time, we may not achieve the anticipated synergies or benefits of the acquisition. furthermore, even if the target companies are successfully integrated, the acquisitions may fail to further our business strategy as anticipated, expose us to increased competition or challenges with respect to our products or services, and expose us to additional liabilities. any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets acquired in a strategic transaction may reduce our earnings.
our costs of doing business could increase as a result of changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state or local laws and regulations.
we are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations that govern numerous aspects of our business. in recent years, a number of new laws and regulations have been adopted, and there has been expanded enforcement of certain existing laws and regulations by federal, state and local agencies. these laws and regulations, and related interpretations and enforcement activity, may change as a result of a variety of factors, including political, economic or social events. changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state or local laws and regulations governing minimum wage or living wage requirements; the classification of exempt and non-exempt employees; the distinction between employees and contractors; other wage, labor or workplace regulations; healthcare; data privacy and cybersecurity; the sale and pricing of some of our products; transportation; logistics; international trade; supply chain transparency; taxes; unclaimed property; energy costs and consumption; or environmental matters, including with respect to our installation services business, could increase our costs of doing business or impact our operations.
in fiscal 2017, congress enacted the tax act, which significantly changed how the u.s. taxes corporations. during fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019, additional guidance related to the tax act was issued by the u.s. department of the treasury and the irs. the tax act requires complex computations to be performed that were not previously required under u.s. tax law, significant judgments to be made in interpretation of the provisions of the tax act, significant estimates in calculations, and the preparation and analysis of information not previously relevant or regularly produced. the u.s. department of the treasury, the irs, and other standard-setting bodies could interpret or issue guidance on how provisions of the tax act will be applied or otherwise administered that is different from our interpretations. further, in addition to uncertainties that continue to exist in terms of how u.s. states will react to the tax act, recently enacted changes in foreign countries within which we operate could have additional impacts on our effective tax rate.
if we cannot successfully manage the unique challenges presented by international markets, we may not be successful in our international operations and our sales and profitability may be negatively impacted.
our ability to successfully conduct retail operations in, and source products and materials from, international markets is affected by many of the same risks we face in our u.s. operations, as well as unique costs and difficulties of managing international operations. our international operations, including any expansion in international markets, may be adversely affected by local laws and customs, u.s. laws applicable to foreign operations and other foreign legal and regulatory constraints, as well as political, social and economic conditions. risks inherent in international operations also include, among others, potential adverse tax consequences; international trade disputes, trade policy changes or potential tariffs and other import-related taxes and controls; greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights; limitations on access to ports; risks associated with the foreign corrupt practices act and local anti-bribery law compliance; and challenges in our ability to identify and gain access to local suppliers. for example, trade tensions between the u.s. and china have led to a series of significant tariffs on the importation of certain product categories. as a significant portion of our retail products are sourced, directly or indirectly, outside of the u.s., major changes in tax or trade policies, tariffs or trade relations could adversely impact the cost of, demand for, and profitability of retail product sales in our u.s. locations. other countries may also change their business and trade policies in anticipation of or in response to increased import tariffs and other changes in u.s. trade policy and regulations. in addition, our operations in international markets create risk due to foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates, which may adversely impact our sales and profitability.
the inflation or deflation of commodity prices could affect our prices, demand for our products, our sales and our profit margins.
prices of certain commodity products, including lumber and other raw materials, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations, tariffs and trade restrictions, and periodic delays in delivery. rapid and significant changes in commodity prices may affect the demand for our products, our sales and our profit margins.
we are predominantly self-insured for a number of different risk categories, such as general liability (including product liability), workers' compensation, employee group medical, automobile claims, and network security and privacy liability, with insurance coverage for certain catastrophic risks. the types and amounts of insurance may vary from time to time based on our decisions with respect to risk retention and regulatory requirements. the occurrence of significant claims, a substantial rise in costs to maintain our insurance, or the failure to maintain adequate insurance coverage could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results or financial condition.
gaap and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, such as asset impairment, inventories, lease obligations, self-insurance, vendor allowances, tax matters and litigation, are complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments. changes in accounting standards or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance or financial condition. the implementation of new accounting standards could also require certain systems, internal process and other changes that could increase our operating costs.
we are involved in a number of legal, regulatory and governmental enforcement proceedings, and while we cannot predict the outcomes of those proceedings and other contingencies with certainty, some of these outcomes may adversely affect our operations or increase our costs.
we are involved in a number of legal proceedings and regulatory matters, including government inquiries and investigations, and consumer, employment, tort and other litigation that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business. litigation is inherently unpredictable, and the outcome of some of these proceedings and other contingencies could require us to take or refrain from taking actions which could adversely affect our operations or could result in excessive adverse verdicts or results. additionally, involvement in these lawsuits, investigations and inquiries, and other proceedings may involve significant expense, divert management's attention and resources from other matters, and impact the reputation of the company.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
•   results of operations and non-gaap measures
•   liquidity and capital resources
•   critical accounting policies executive summary highlights of our annual financial performance follow:
net cash provided by operating activities                         $13,723                $13,038                $12,031
proceeds from long-term debt, net of discounts and premiums         3,420                  3,466                  2,991
repayments of long-term debt                                        1,070                  1,209                    543
repurchases of common stock                                         6,965                  9,963                  8,000
we reported net sales of $110.2 billion in fiscal 2019. net earnings were $11.2 billion, or $10.25 per diluted share. we opened one net new store in mexico and three net new stores in the u.s. during fiscal 2019, for a total store count of 2,291 at february 2, 2020. at the end of fiscal 2019, a total of 307 of our stores, or 13.4%, were located in canada and mexico. total sales per retail square foot were $454.82 in fiscal 2019, and our inventory turnover ratio was 4.9 times at the end of fiscal 2019.
we generated $13.7 billion of cash flow from operations during fiscal 2019 and issued $3.4 billion of long-term debt, net of discounts and premiums. these funds, together with cash on hand, were used to pay $6.0 billion of dividends, fund cash payments of $7.0 billion for share repurchases, repay $365 million of net short-term borrowings, fund $2.7 billion in capital expenditures, and repay $1.0 billion of senior notes that matured in june 2019.
during fiscal 2019, we repurchased $7.0 billion of our common stock through open market transactions and an asr agreement. in february 2020, we announced a 10% increase in our quarterly cash dividend to $1.50 per share.
our roic was 45.4% for fiscal 2019. see the "non-gaap financial measures" section below for our definition and calculation of roic, as well as a reconciliation of nopat, a non-gaap financial measure, to net earnings (the most comparable gaap financial measure).
the recent outbreak of the novel coronavirus covid-19, which was declared a pandemic by the world health organization on march 11, 2020, has led to adverse impacts on the u.s. and global economies and created uncertainty regarding potential impacts to our supply chain, operations, and customer demand. the pandemic has impacted and could further impact our operations and the operations of our suppliers and vendors as a result of quarantines, facility closures, and travel and logistics restrictions. as a result of covid-19, we have reduced store operating hours, expanded our paid time off policy for associates, and shifted certain store support operations to remote or virtual, and we may face additional labor-related costs. we are also taking steps in our stores to manage foot traffic to better protect our customers and associates. in addition, in certain jurisdictions, we have had to cease sales of or delay commencement of work on certain services deemed "non-life-sustaining."
we continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our operations as may be required by federal, state or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our associates, customers, suppliers, vendors and shareholders. while the disruption is currently expected to be temporary, there is uncertainty regarding its duration. therefore, while we expect the pandemic to impact our business, results of operations, financial position, and liquidity, we cannot reasonably estimate the impact at this time.
results of operations and non-gaap measures the tables and discussion below should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this report. the following table displays the percentage relationship between net sales and major categories in our consolidated statements of earnings, as well as the percentage change in the associated dollar amounts:
dollars in millions                                             $      % of net sales                          $      % of net sales                          $      % of net sales net sales                                       $110,225                                       $108,203                                       $100,904
gross profit                                      37,572               34.1         %            37,160               34.3         %            34,356               34.0         %
operating expenses:
impairment loss                                        -                  -                         247                0.2                           -                  -
total operating expenses                          21,729               19.7                      21,630               20.0                      19,675               19.5
operating income                                  15,843               14.4                      15,530               14.4                      14,681               14.5
% change selected financial and sales data:                          fiscal               fiscal               fiscal                  fiscal                  fiscal comparable sales increase (1) (2)                         3.5    %             5.2    %             6.8    %               n/a                     n/a comparable customer transactions increase (1) (3)         1.1    %             1.0    %             2.2    %               n/a                     n/a comparable average ticket increase (1) (3)                2.5    %             4.2    %             4.5    %               n/a                     n/a customer transactions (in millions) (3) (4)           1,616.0              1,620.8              1,578.6                   (0.3   )%                2.7   %
(1)   fiscal 2019 compares the 52 week period in fiscal 2019 to weeks 2 through 53 in fiscal 2018. fiscal 2018 calculations do not include results from the 53rd week of fiscal 2018 and compare weeks 1 through 52 in fiscal 2018 to the 52 week period in fiscal 2017.
(4)   the 53rd week of fiscal 2018 increased customer transactions by 24.5 million, added $0.01 to average ticket, and increased sales per retail square foot by $6.87.
(5)   average ticket represents the average price paid per transaction and is used by management to monitor the performance of the company, as it represents a primary driver in measuring sales performance.
(6)   sales per retail square foot represents sales divided by the retail store square footage. sales per retail square foot is a measure of the efficiency of sales based on the total square footage of our stores and is used by management to monitor the performance of the company as an indicator of the productivity of owned and leased square footage for retail operations.
sales. we assess our sales performance by evaluating both net sales and comparable sales.
net sales. fiscal 2019 consisted of 52 weeks compared to 53 weeks in fiscal 2018. net sales for fiscal 2019 increased $2.0 billion, or 1.9%, to $110.2 billion. the increase in net sales in fiscal 2019 primarily reflected the impact of positive comparable sales driven by an increase in comparable average ticket growth and comparable customer transactions, offset by $1.7 billion of net sales attributable to the additional week in fiscal 2018. online sales, which consist of sales generated online through our websites for products picked up in our stores or delivered to customer locations, represented 9.3% of net sales and grew 19.4% during fiscal 2019.
comparable sales. comparable sales is a measure that highlights the performance of our existing locations and websites by measuring the change in net sales for a period over the comparable prior-period of equivalent length. comparable sales includes sales at all locations, physical and online, open greater than 52 weeks (including remodels and relocations) and excludes closed stores. retail stores become comparable on the monday following their 52nd week of operation. acquisitions, digital or otherwise, are included in comparable sales after they have been owned for more than 52 weeks. our comparable sales results for fiscal 2019 compare the 52-week period reported for fiscal 2019 to weeks 2 through 53 in fiscal 2018. comparable sales is intended only as supplemental information and is not a substitute for net sales presented in accordance with gaap.
total comparable sales increased 3.5% in fiscal 2019. the increase in comparable sales reflected a number of factors, including traffic growth across a number of our core categories and the execution of our strategic efforts to drive an enhanced interconnected experience in both the physical and digital worlds. all of our merchandising departments posted positive comparable sales in fiscal 2019 except for lumber, which was negative primarily due to commodity price deflation. for fiscal 2019, comparable sales for our appliances, indoor garden, décor/storage, tools, hardware, and outdoor garden merchandising departments were above the company average. our comparable average ticket increased 2.5% in fiscal 2019 while comparable customer transactions increased 1.1% during fiscal 2019. the increase in comparable average ticket was due in large part to strong sales in big ticket purchases in certain categories, such as appliances and vinyl plank flooring.
gross profit. gross profit increased $412 million, or 1.1%, to $37.6 billion in fiscal 2019. gross profit as a percent of net sales, or gross profit margin, was 34.1% in fiscal 2019 compared to 34.3% in fiscal 2018. the decrease in gross profit margin for fiscal 2019 was primarily driven by higher shrink and changes in product mix.
operating expenses. our operating expenses are composed of sg&a, depreciation and amortization, and impairment loss.
selling, general & administrative. sg&a increased $227 million, or 1.2%, to $19.7 billion in fiscal 2019. as a percent of net sales, sg&a was 17.9% for fiscal 2019 compared to 18.0% for fiscal 2018. the decrease in sg&a as a percent of net sales for fiscal 2019 was primarily driven by expense leverage resulting from positive comparable sales and continued expense control, partially offset by expenses related to strategic investments in the business.
depreciation and amortization. depreciation and amortization increased $119 million, or 6.4%, in fiscal 2019. as a percent of net sales, depreciation and amortization was 1.8% for fiscal 2019 compared to 1.7% in fiscal 2018. the increase in depreciation and amortization as a percent of net sales reflects incremental depreciation stemming from investments in the business, partially offset by leverage resulting from positive comparable sales and timing of asset additions. the additional week in fiscal 2018 did not result in incremental expense because we recognize depreciation and amortization expense on a monthly basis.
impairment loss. there were no material impairment losses recognized in fiscal 2019. we recognized a $247 million impairment loss in fiscal 2018 related to certain trade names associated with interline. see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
interest and other, net. interest and other, net, was $1.1 billion for fiscal 2019 compared to $974 million for fiscal 2018. interest and other, net, as a percent of net sales increased to 1.0% in fiscal 2019 from 0.9% in fiscal 2018, primarily due to higher interest expense resulting from higher debt balances in fiscal 2019.
provision for income taxes. our combined effective income tax rate was 23.6% for both fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018. the provision for income taxes in fiscal 2019 reflects a benefit from stock-based compensation and other discrete tax items. the effective income tax rate for fiscal 2018 primarily reflected the enactment of the tax act. see note 5 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
diluted earnings per share. diluted earnings per share were $10.25 for fiscal 2019 compared to $9.73 for fiscal 2018. diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2019 reflected a tax-related benefit of $0.17 per share resulting from stock-based compensation and other discrete tax items.
diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2018 reflected a benefit of $1.48 per share resulting from the enactment of the tax act, a benefit of $0.21 per share for the 53rd week, and a decrease of $0.16 per share due to the impairment loss related to certain trade names associated with interline.
for a comparison of our results of operations for fiscal 2018 to fiscal 2017, see "part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our form 10-k for the fiscal year ended february 3, 2019, filed with the sec on march 28, 2019.
non-gaap financial measures to provide clarity about our operating performance, we supplement our reporting with certain non-gaap financial measures. however, this supplemental information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related gaap measures. non-gaap financial measures presented herein may differ from similar measures used by other companies.
return on invested capital. we believe roic is meaningful for investors and management because it measures how effectively we deploy our capital base. we define roic as nopat, a non-gaap financial measure, for the most recent twelve-month period, divided by average debt and equity. we define average debt and equity as the average of beginning and ending long-term debt (including current installments) and equity for the most recent twelve-month period.
the calculation of roic, together with a reconciliation of nopat to net earnings (the most comparable gaap measure), follows:
operating income                 15,843               15,530               14,681
income tax adjustment (1)        (3,739    )          (3,665    )          (5,432    )
(1)   income tax adjustment is defined as operating income multiplied by our effective tax rate for the trailing twelve months.
(2)   the beginning balance of equity for fiscal 2019 has been adjusted to reflect an immaterial opening balance sheet adjustment due to the adoption of asu no. 2016-02, leases, in fiscal 2019.the beginning balance of equity for fiscal 2018 has been adjusted to reflect an opening balance sheet adjustment of $75 million due to the adoption of asu no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers, in fiscal 2018.
liquidity and capital resources cash and cash equivalents at end of year at february 2, 2020, we had $2.1 billion in cash and cash equivalents, of which $1.8 billion was held by our foreign subsidiaries. we believe that our current cash position, cash flow generated from operations, funds available from our commercial paper programs, and access to the long-term debt capital markets should be sufficient for our operating requirements and to enable us to fund our capital expenditures, dividend payments, and any required long-term debt payments through the next several fiscal years. in addition, we believe we have the ability to obtain alternative sources of financing. we expect capital expenditures of approximately $2.8 billion in fiscal 2020. given the current uncertainty related to the covid-19 pandemic, we may adjust our capital expenditures as necessary or appropriate to support the operations of the business.
debt and derivatives at february 2, 2020, we had commercial paper programs with an aggregate borrowing capacity of $3.0 billion. all of our short-term borrowings in fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018 were under these commercial paper programs. in connection with these programs, we have back-up credit facilities with a consortium of banks for borrowings up to $3.0 billion, which consist of a five-year $2.0 billion credit facility, which expires in december 2022, and a 364-day
$1.0 billion credit facility. in december 2019, we completed the renewal of our 364-day $1.0 billion credit facility, extending the maturity from december 2019 to december 2020. at february 2, 2020, we were in compliance with all of the covenants contained in the credit facilities, none of which are expected to impact our liquidity or capital resources. at february 2, 2020, there were $974 million of borrowings outstanding under these commercial paper programs compared to $1.3 billion at february 3, 2019.
we also issue senior notes from time to time and use derivative financial instruments in the management of our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currencies and interest rates on certain long-term debt. see note 4 and note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our debt and derivative agreements.
leases we use operating and finance leases to fund a portion of our real estate, including our stores, distribution centers, and store support centers. see note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our operating and finance leases.
share repurchases in february 2019, our board of directors authorized a new $15.0 billion share repurchase program, of which approximately $8.3 billion remained at the end of fiscal 2019. during fiscal 2019, we had cash payments of $7.0 billion for repurchases of our common stock through open market purchases and an asr agreement. see note 6 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our share repurchases. in march 2020, we suspended our share repurchases until such time as we deem appropriate.
cash flows summary operating activities. cash flow generated from operations provides us with a significant source of liquidity. our operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from our customers, offset by cash payments we make for products and services, employee compensation, operations, and occupancy costs.
cash provided by or used in operating activities is also subject to changes in working capital. working capital at any specific point in time is subject to many variables, including seasonality, inventory management and category expansion, the timing of cash receipts and payments, vendor payment terms, and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.
net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2019 was $13.7 billion driven primarily by net earnings of $11.2 billion and non-cash adjustments to net earnings of $2.7 billion, consisting of depreciation and amortization, stock-
based compensation expense and changes in deferred income taxes, offset by working capital outflows driven primarily by timing of inventory purchases and collection of receivables.
net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2018 was $13.0 billion driven primarily by net earnings of $11.1 billion and non-cash adjustments to net earnings of $2.7 billion, consisting of depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, impairment loss and changes in deferred income taxes, partially offset by net cash outflows associated with changes in working capital driven primarily by timing of inventory purchases.
investing activities. cash used in investing activities primarily reflected $2.7 billion and $2.4 billion of capital expenditures for investments in our business in fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018, respectively.
financing activities. cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2019 primarily reflected $7.0 billion of share repurchases and $6.0 billion of cash dividends paid, partially offset by $2.0 billion of net proceeds from short- and long-term debt.
cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2018 primarily reflected $10.0 billion of share repurchases and $4.7 billion of cash dividends paid, partially offset by $2.0 billion of net proceeds from short- and long-term debt.
operating lease obligations (3)               6,680                     955                     1,647                    1,256                      2,822
unrecognized tax benefits (5)                    25                                                 -                        -                          -
(2)   interest payments are calculated at current interest rates, including the impact of active interest rate swaps.
(3)   includes finance and operating lease imputed interest of $608 million and $786 million, respectively.
(4)   purchase obligations include all legally binding contracts such as firm commitments for inventory purchases, utility purchases, capital expenditures, software acquisitions and license commitments, and legally binding service contracts. purchase orders that are not binding agreements are excluded from the table above.
(5)   excludes $448 million of noncurrent unrecognized tax benefits due to uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash tax payments.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have no material off-balance sheet arrangements.
critical accounting policies our significant accounting policies are disclosed in note 1 to our consolidated financial statements. the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are both important to the representation of our financial condition and results of operations, and that require significant judgment or use of significant assumptions or complex estimates.
merchandise inventories we value the substantial majority of our inventory under the retail inventory method, using the first-in, first-out method, with the remainder of our inventories valued under a cost method. under the retail inventory method, inventories are stated at cost, which is determined by applying a cost-to-retail ratio to the retail value of inventories.
the retail value of our inventory is adjusted as needed to reflect current market conditions. because these adjustments are based on current prevailing market conditions, the value of our inventory approximates the lower of cost or market. the valuation under the retail inventory method is based on a number of factors such as markups, markdowns, and inventory losses (or shrink). as such, there exists an inherent uncertainty in the final determination of inventory cost and gross profit. we determine markups and markdowns based on the consideration of a variety of factors such as current and anticipated demand, customer preferences and buying trends, age of the merchandise, and weather conditions.
we calculate shrink based on actual inventory losses determined as a result of physical inventory counts during each fiscal period and estimated inventory losses which occur between physical inventory counts. the estimate for shrink in the interim period between physical inventory counts is calculated on a store-specific basis based on recent shrink results and current trends in the business. historically, the difference between estimated shrink and actual inventory losses has not been material to our annual financial results.
we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood for a material change in the estimates or assumptions we use to value our inventory under the retail inventory method. we believe that the retail inventory method provides an inventory valuation which approximates cost and results in valuing our inventory at the lower of cost or market.
impairment of long-lived assets we evaluate our long-lived assets each quarter for indicators of potential impairment. indicators of impairment include current period losses combined with a history of losses, our decision to relocate or close a store or other location before the end of its previously estimated useful life, or when changes in other circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. the evaluation for long-lived assets is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is generally the individual store level. the assets of a store with indicators of impairment are evaluated for recoverability by comparing their undiscounted future cash flows with their carrying value. our cash flow projections look several years into the future and include assumptions of variables such as future sales and operating margin growth rates, economic conditions, market competition, and inflation.
if the carrying value is greater than the undiscounted future cash flows, we then measure the asset's fair value to determine whether an impairment loss should be recognized. if the resulting fair value is less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized. we generally base our estimates of fair market value on market appraisals of owned locations and estimates of the amount of potential sublease income and the time required to sublease for leased locations. impairments and lease obligation costs on closings and relocations were not material to our consolidated financial statements in fiscal 2019, fiscal 2018 or fiscal 2017.
self-insurance we have established liabilities for certain losses related to general liability (including product liability), workers' compensation, employee group medical, and automobile claims for which we are self-insured. our self-insured retention or deductible, as applicable, for each claim involving general liability, workers' compensation, and automobile liability is limited to $25 million, $1 million, and $1 million, respectively. we have no stop loss limits for self-insured employee group medical claims. our liabilities represent estimates of the ultimate cost for claims incurred at the balance sheet date. the estimated liabilities are not discounted and are established based upon analysis of historical data and actuarial estimates. the liabilities are reviewed by management and third-party actuaries to ensure that they are appropriate. while we believe these estimates are reasonable based on the information currently available, if actual trends, including the severity or frequency of claims, medical cost inflation or fluctuations in premiums, differ from our estimates, our results of operations could be impacted. actual results related to these types of claims did not vary materially from estimated amounts for fiscal 2019, fiscal 2018 or fiscal 2017.
vendor allowances vendor allowances primarily consist of volume rebates that are earned as a result of attaining certain purchase levels and co-op advertising allowances for the promotion of vendors' products that are typically based on guaranteed minimum amounts with additional amounts being earned for attaining certain purchase levels. these vendor allowances are accrued as earned, with those allowances received as a result of attaining certain purchase levels accrued over the incentive period based on estimates of purchases. we believe that our estimate of vendor allowances earned based on expected volume of purchases over the incentive period is an accurate reflection of the ultimate allowance to be received from our vendors.
volume rebates and certain co-op advertising allowances reduce the carrying cost of inventory and are recognized in cost of sales when the related inventory is sold. certain other co-op advertising allowances that are reimbursements of specific, incremental and identifiable costs incurred to promote vendors' products are recorded as an offset against advertising expense in sg&a.
uncertain tax positions we are subject to income taxes in the united states and in multiple jurisdictions across our global operations. thus, the determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretations and application of complex tax law. our provision for income taxes could be affected by many factors, including changes in business operations, changes in tax law, outcomes of income tax audits, changes in our assessment of certain tax contingencies, the impact of discrete tax items and the mix of earnings among our u.s. and foreign operations.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with complexity and thus, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. the assessment of uncertain tax positions requires the use of significant judgment in evaluating our tax positions and assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items. we record the benefits of uncertain tax positions in our financial statements only after determining a more likely than not probability that the uncertain tax positions will be sustained.
additional information for information on accounting pronouncements that have impacted or are expected to materially impact our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows, see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements.