item 1a. risk factors in addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this form 10-k, the following are important factors, the order of which is not necessarily indicative of the level of risk that each poses to us, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements made by us. any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or stock price. our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant.
volatility in average selling prices for our semiconductor memory and storage products may adversely affect our business.
we have experienced significant volatility in our average selling prices, including dramatic declines as noted in the table below, and may continue to experience such volatility in the future. in some prior periods, average selling prices for our products have been below our manufacturing costs and we may experience such circumstances in the future. average selling prices for our products that decline faster than our costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
(percentage change in average selling prices)
our gross margins are dependent in part upon continuing decreases in per gigabit manufacturing costs achieved through improvements in our manufacturing processes and product designs, including, but not limited to, process line-width, additional 3d memory layers, additional bits per cell (i.e., cell levels), architecture, number of mask layers, number of fabrication steps, and yield. in future periods, we may be unable to reduce our per gigabit manufacturing costs at sufficient levels to maintain or improve gross margins. factors that may limit our ability to maintain or reduce costs include, but are not limited to, strategic product diversification decisions affecting product mix, the increasing complexity of manufacturing processes, difficulties in transitioning to smaller line-width process technologies, 3d memory layers, nand cell levels, transitioning to replacement gate technology for nand, process complexity including number of mask layers and fabrication steps, manufacturing yield, technological barriers, changes in process technologies, and new products that may require relatively larger die sizes.
many factors may result in a reduction of our output or a delay in ramping production, which could lead to underutilization of our production assets. these factors may include, among others, a weak demand environment, industry oversupply, inventory surpluses, declining selling prices, and changes in supply agreements. a significant portion of our manufacturing costs are fixed and do not vary proportionally with changes in production output. as a result, lower utilization and increases in our per gigabit manufacturing costs may adversely affect our gross margins, business, results of operations, or financial condition.
in addition, per gigabit manufacturing costs may also be affected by a broader product portfolio, which may have smaller production quantities and shorter product lifecycles. our business and the markets we serve are subject to rapid technological changes and material fluctuations in demand based on end-user preferences. as a result, we may have work in process or finished goods inventories that could become obsolete or in amounts that are in excess of our customers' demand. as a result, we may incur charges in connection with obsolete or excess inventories, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. our inability to maintain or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
the semiconductor memory and storage markets are highly competitive.
we face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets from a number of companies, including intel; samsung electronics co., ltd.; sk hynix inc.; toshiba memory corporation; and western digital corporation. some of our competitors are large corporations or conglomerates that may have greater resources to invest in technology, capitalize on growth opportunities, and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets in which we compete. consolidation of industry competitors could put us at a competitive disadvantage. in addition, some governments have provided, and may continue to provide, significant assistance, financial or otherwise, to some of our competitors or to new entrants and may intervene in support of national industries and/or competitors. in particular, we face the threat of increasing competition as a result of significant investment in the semiconductor industry by the chinese government and various state-owned or affiliated entities that is intended to advance china's stated national policy objectives. in addition, the chinese government may restrict us from participating in the china market or may prevent us from competing effectively with chinese companies. some of our competitors may use aggressive pricing to obtain market share or take business of our key customers.
our competitors generally seek to increase wafer capacity, improve yields, and reduce die size in their product designs which may result in significant increases in worldwide supply and downward pressure on prices. increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor memory and storage also result from fabrication capacity expansions, either by way of new facilities, increased capacity utilization, or reallocation of other semiconductor production to semiconductor memory and storage production. our competitors may increase capital expenditures resulting in future increases in worldwide supply. we and some of our competitors have plans to ramp, or are constructing or ramping, production at new fabrication facilities. increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor memory and storage, if not accompanied by commensurate increases in demand, could lead to further declines in average selling prices for our products and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. if competitors are more successful at developing or implementing new product or process technology, their products could have cost or performance advantages.
the competitive nature of our industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain access to external financing necessary to fund our operations, make scheduled debt payments, and make adequate capital investments.
our cash flows from operations depend primarily on the volume of semiconductor memory and storage products sold, average selling prices, and manufacturing costs. to develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must make significant capital investments in manufacturing technology, capital equipment, facilities, r&d, and product and process technology.
we estimate that capital expenditures in 2020 for property, plant, and equipment, net of partner contributions, will be approximately $7 billion to $8 billion, focused on technology transitions and product enablement. investments in capital expenditures may not generate expected returns or cash flows. delays in completion and ramping of new production facilities could significantly impact our ability to realize expected returns on our capital expenditures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
as a result of the corporate reorganization proceedings of mmj initiated in 2012, and for so long as such proceedings are continuing, mmj is prohibited from paying dividends, including any cash dividends, to us and such proceedings require that excess earnings be used in mmj's business or to fund the mmj creditor payments. in addition, pursuant to an order of the tokyo district court, mmj cannot make loans or advances, other than certain ordinary course advances, to us without the consent of the tokyo district court and may, under certain circumstances, be subject to approval of the legal trustee. as a result, the assets of mmj are not available for use by us in our other operations. furthermore, certain uses of the assets of mmj, including certain capital expenditures of mmj, may require consent of mmj's trustees and/or the tokyo district court.
in the past we have utilized external sources of financing when needed. as a result of our debt levels, expected debt amortization, and general economic conditions, it may be difficult for us to obtain financing on terms acceptable to us. we have experienced volatility in our cash flows and operating results and may continue to experience such volatility in the future, which may negatively affect our credit rating. our credit rating may also be affected by our liquidity, financial results, economic risk, or other factors, which may increase the cost of future borrowings and make it difficult for us to obtain financing on terms acceptable to us. in 2019, we suspended the security interest in the collateral under our credit facility upon achieving specified credit ratings and the prepayment of our 2022 term loan b; however, the security interest would be automatically reinstated upon a decline in our corporate credit rating below a certain level. there can be no assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flows, use cash held by mmj to fund its capital expenditures, access capital markets or find other sources of financing to fund our operations, make debt payments, and make adequate capital investments to remain competitive in terms of technology development and cost efficiency. our inability to do any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
increases in tariffs or other trade restrictions or taxes on our or our customers' products or equipment and supplies could have an adverse impact on our operations.
in 2019, 89% of our revenue was from products shipped to customer locations outside the united states. we also purchase a significant portion of equipment and supplies from suppliers outside the united states. additionally, a significant portion of our facilities are located outside the united states, including in taiwan, singapore, japan, and china.
the united states and other countries have levied tariffs and taxes on certain goods. general trade tensions between the u.s. and china have been escalating since 2018, with u.s. tariffs on chinese goods and retaliatory chinese tariffs on u.s. goods. some of our products are included in these tariffs. higher duties on existing tariffs and further rounds of tariffs have been announced or threatened by u.s. and chinese leaders. additionally, the u.s. has threatened to impose tariffs on goods imported from other countries, which could also impact certain of our customers' or our operations. if the u.s. were to impose current or additional tariffs on components that we or our suppliers source, our cost for such components would increase. we may also incur increases in manufacturing costs and supply chain risks due to our efforts to mitigate the impact of tariffs on our customers and our operations. additionally, tariffs on our customers' products could impact their sales of such end products, resulting in lower demand for our products.
we cannot predict what further actions may ultimately be taken with respect to tariffs or trade relations between the u.s. and other countries, what products may be subject to such actions, or what actions may be taken by other countries in retaliation. further changes in trade policy, tariffs, additional taxes, restrictions on exports or other trade barriers, or restrictions on supplies, equipment, and raw materials including rare earth minerals, may limit our ability to produce products, increase our selling and/or manufacturing costs, decrease margins, reduce the competitiveness of our products, or inhibit our ability to sell products or purchase necessary equipment and supplies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
u.s. trade regulations have restricted our ability to sell our products to a significant customer and could restrict our ability to sell our products to other customers.
on may 16, 2019, the bureau of industry and security ("bis") of the u.s. department of commerce added huawei to the bis's entity list, which imposes limitations on the supply of certain u.s. items and product support to huawei. in 2019, our sales to huawei accounted for 12% of our total revenue. to ensure compliance with the entity list restrictions, we suspended shipments of all products to huawei, effective may 16, 2019. we are reviewing our product portfolio to determine whether our products and related support are subject to the export administration regulations, and therefore within the scope of the entity list restrictions. we have determined that certain products huawei purchases from us are not subject to the export administration regulations and consequently can be lawfully sold and shipped to huawei. accordingly, we resumed shipping certain products to huawei in the fourth quarter of 2019.
while huawei remains on the entity list, and in the absence of a license from the bis, we may be unable to work with huawei on future product development, which may have a negative effect on our ability to sell products to huawei in the future. entity list restrictions may also encourage huawei to seek to obtain a greater supply of similar or substitute products from our competitors that are not subject to these restrictions, thereby decreasing our long-term competitiveness as a supplier to huawei. moreover, although huawei is not prohibited from paying (and we are not restricted from collecting) accounts receivable for products we sell to huawei, the credit risks associated with these accounts may have increased as a result of the bis's actions.
we cannot predict what additional actions the u.s. government may take with respect to huawei, including modifications to, or interpretations of, entity list restrictions, export restrictions, tariffs, or other trade limitations or barriers. due to the customized nature of certain of the products we manufacture, we may be unable to sell certain finished goods inventory to an alternative customer or manufacture in-process inventory to different specifications, which may result in excess and obsolescence charges in future periods.
the entity list trade restrictions enacted during our third quarter of 2019 had an adverse effect on our business. we are unable to predict the duration of the export restrictions imposed with respect to huawei, whether any licenses will be issued, or the long-term effects on our business. other companies may be added to the entity list and/or subject to trade restrictions. for example, in october 2019, the u.s. government added several additional chinese organizations to the entity list, effective october 9, 2019. in addition, there may be indirect impacts to our business which we cannot reasonably quantify, including that some of our other customer's products which incorporate our solutions may also be impacted by these and other trade restrictions that may be imposed by the u.s., china, or other countries. restrictions on our ability to sell and ship our products to huawei have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
in addition, restrictions on our ability to sell and ship our products to other organizations added to the entity list may have a further adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory and storage technologies.
our key semiconductor memory and storage products and technologies face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs. these barriers include potential limitations on stacking additional 3d memory layers, increasing bits per cell (i.e., cell levels), meeting higher density requirements, and improving power consumption and reliability. we may face technological barriers to continue to shrink our products at our current or historical rate, which has generally reduced per-unit cost. we have invested and expect to continue to invest in r&d for new and existing products, which involves significant risk and uncertainties. we may be unable to recover our investment in r&d or otherwise realize the economic benefits of reducing die size or increasing memory and storage densities. our competitors are working to develop new memory and storage technologies that may offer performance and/or cost advantages to existing technologies and render existing technologies obsolete. accordingly, our future success may depend on our ability to develop and produce viable and competitive new memory and storage technologies. there can be no assurance of the following:
•   that we will be successful in developing competitive new semiconductor memory and storage technologies;
•   that we will be able to successfully market these technologies; and
•   that margins generated from sales of these products will allow us to recover costs of development efforts.
we develop and produce advanced memory technologies, including 3d xpoint memory, a new class of non-volatile technology. there is no assurance that our efforts to develop and market new product technologies will be successful. unsuccessful efforts to develop new semiconductor memory and storage technologies could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
a significant portion of our revenue is concentrated with a select number of customers.
in each of the last three years, approximately one-half of our total revenue was from our top ten customers. a disruption in our relationship with any of these customers could adversely affect our business. we could experience fluctuations in our customer base or the mix of revenue by customer as markets and strategies evolve. in addition, any consolidation of our customers could reduce the number of customers to whom our products could be sold. our inability to meet our customers' requirements or to qualify our products with them could adversely impact our revenue. the loss of one or more of our major customers or any significant reduction in orders from, or a shift in product mix by, these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
we face risks associated with our international sales and operations that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
in 2019, 53% of our revenue was to customers who have headquarters located in the united states. we ship our products to the locations specified by our customers. customers with global supply chains and operations may request we deliver products to countries where they own or operate production facilities or to countries where they utilize third-party subcontractors or warehouses. as a result, 89% of our revenue was from products shipped to customer locations outside the united states. in addition, a substantial portion of our manufacturing operations are located outside the united states. in particular, a significant portion of our manufacturing operations are concentrated in singapore, taiwan, japan, and china. many of our customers, suppliers, and vendors operate internationally and are also subject to the risks described below. in addition, the u.s. government has in the past restricted american firms from selling products and software to certain of our customers and may in the future impose similar bans or other restrictions on sales to one or more of our significant customers. these restrictions may not prohibit our competitors from selling similar products to our customers, which may result in our loss of sales and market share. even when such restrictions are lifted, financial or other penalties or continuing export restrictions imposed with respect to our customers could have a continuing negative impact on our future revenue and results of operations, and we may not be able to recover any customers or market share we lose while complying with such restrictions. we have experienced restrictions on our ability to sell products to certain foreign customers where sales of products require export licenses or are prohibited by government action. possible future u.s. government actions could lead to additional or enhanced controls on exports from the united states to china or other countries, bans on sales to other key customers, or other similar restrictions.
trade-related government actions, by china or other countries, that impose barriers or restrictions that would impact our ability to sell or ship products to huawei or other customers may have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. we cannot predict the actions government entities may take in this context and may be unable to quickly offset or effectively react to government actions that restrict our ability to sell to certain customers or in certain jurisdictions. government actions that affect our customers' ability to sell products or access critical elements of their supply chains may result in a decreased demand for their products, which may consequently reduce their demand for our products.
our international sales and operations are subject to a variety of risks, including:
•   export and import duties, changes to import and export regulations, customs regulations and processes, and restrictions on the transfer of funds;
•   imposition of bans on sales of goods or services to one or more of our significant foreign customers;
•   compliance with u.s. and international laws involving international operations, including the foreign corrupt practices act of 1977, as amended, export and import laws, and similar rules and regulations;
•   theft of intellectual property;
•   political and economic instability;
•   government actions or civil unrest preventing the flow of products, including delays in shipping and obtaining products, cancellation of orders, or loss or damage of products;
•   problems with the transportation or delivery of products;
•   compliance with trade, technical standards, and other laws in a variety of jurisdictions;
•   contractual and regulatory limitations on the ability to maintain flexibility with staffing levels;
•   disruptions to manufacturing operations as a result of actions imposed by foreign governments;
•   changes in economic policies of foreign governments; and if we or our customers, suppliers, or vendors are impacted by these risks, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
we have been served with complaints in chinese courts alleging that we infringe certain chinese patents by manufacturing and selling certain products in china. the complaints seek orders requiring us to destroy inventory of the accused products and equipment for manufacturing the accused products in china; to stop manufacturing, using, selling, and offering for sale the accused products in china; and to pay damages plus court fees.
we are unable to predict the outcome of these assertions of infringement made against us and therefore cannot estimate the range of possible loss. a determination that our products or manufacturing processes infringe the intellectual property rights of others or entering into a license agreement covering such intellectual property could result in significant liability and/or require us to make material changes to our operations in china, products, and/or manufacturing processes. any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. (see "part ii. financial information - item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - contingencies.")
we are subject to allegations of anticompetitive conduct.
on april 27, 2018, a complaint was filed against micron and other dram suppliers in the u.s. district court for the northern district of california. subsequently, two substantially identical cases were filed in the same court. the lawsuits purport to be on behalf of a nationwide class of indirect purchasers of dram products. the complaints assert claims based on alleged price-fixing of dram products under federal and state law during the period from june 1, 2016 to february 1, 2018, and seek treble monetary damages, costs, interest, attorneys' fees, and other injunctive and equitable relief. on september 3, 2019, the district court granted micron's motion to dismiss and allowed plaintiffs the opportunity to file an amended complaint.
on june 26, 2018, a complaint was filed against micron and other dram suppliers in the u.s. district court for the northern district of california. subsequently, four substantially identical cases were filed in the same court. the lawsuits purport to be on behalf of a nationwide class of direct purchasers of dram products. the complaints assert claims based on alleged price-fixing of dram products under federal and state law during the period from june 1, 2016 to february 1, 2018, and seek treble monetary damages, costs, interest, attorneys' fees, and other injunctive and equitable relief.
additionally, six cases have been filed in the following canadian courts: superior court of quebec, the federal court of canada, the ontario superior court of justice, and the supreme court of british columbia. the substantive allegations in these cases are similar to those asserted in the cases filed in the united states.
on may 15, 2018, the chinese state administration for market regulation ("samr") notified micron that it was investigating potential collusion and other anticompetitive conduct by dram suppliers in china. on may 31, 2018, samr made unannounced visits to our sales offices in beijing, shanghai, and shenzhen to seek certain information as part of its investigation. we are cooperating with samr in its investigation.
we are unable to predict the outcome of these matters and therefore cannot estimate the range of possible loss. the final resolution of these matters could result in significant liability and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected by the limited availability and quality of materials, supplies, and capital equipment, or the dependency on third-party service providers.
our supply chain and operations are dependent on the availability of materials that meet exacting standards and the use of third parties to provide us with components and services. we generally have multiple sources of supply for our materials and services. however, only a limited number of suppliers are capable of delivering certain materials and services that meet our standards and, in some cases, materials, components, or services are provided by a single supplier. various factors could reduce the availability of materials or components such as chemicals, silicon wafers, gases, photoresist, controllers, substrates, lead frames, printed circuit boards, targets, and reticle glass blanks. shortages or increases in lead times may occur from time to time in the future. our manufacturing processes are also dependent on our relationships with third-party manufacturers of controllers used in a number of our products and with outsourced semiconductor assembly and test providers, contract manufacturers, logistic carriers, and other service providers.
certain materials are primarily available in certain countries, including rare earth elements, minerals, and metals available primarily from china. trade disputes or other political or economic conditions may limit our availability to obtain such materials. although these rare earth and other materials are generally available from multiple suppliers, china is the predominant producer of certain of these materials. if china were to stop exporting these materials, our suppliers' ability to obtain such supply may be constrained and we may be unable to obtain sufficient quantities, or obtain supply in a timely manner, or at a commercially reasonable cost. constrained supply of rare earth elements, minerals, and metals may restrict our ability to manufacture certain of our products and make it difficult or impossible to compete with other semiconductor memory manufacturers who are able to obtain sufficient quantities of these materials from china.
we and/or our suppliers and service providers could be affected by tariffs, embargoes or other trade restrictions, as well as laws and regulations enacted in response to concerns regarding climate change, conflict minerals, and responsible sourcing practices, which could limit the supply of our materials and/or increase the cost. environmental regulations could limit our ability to procure or use certain chemicals or materials in our operations or products. in addition, disruptions in transportation lines could delay our receipt of materials. lead times for the supply of materials have been extended in the past. the disruption of our supply of materials, components, services, or the extension of our lead times could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. for certain key types of equipment, including photolithography tools, we are sometimes dependent on a single supplier. from time to time, we have experienced difficulties in obtaining some equipment on a timely basis due to suppliers' limited capacity. our inability to obtain equipment on a timely basis could adversely affect our ability to transition to next generation manufacturing processes and reduce our costs. delays in obtaining equipment could also impede our ability to ramp production at new facilities and could increase our overall costs of a ramp. our inability to obtain advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
new product and market development may be unsuccessful.
we are developing new products, including system-level memory and storage products and solutions, which complement our traditional products or leverage their underlying design or process technology. we have made significant investments in product and process technology and anticipate expending significant resources for new semiconductor product and system-level solution development over the next several years. additionally, we are increasingly differentiating our products and solutions to meet the specific demands of our customers, which increases our reliance on our customer's ability to accurately forecast the end-customer's needs and preferences. as a result, our product demand forecasts may be impacted significantly by the strategic actions of our customers. for certain of our markets, it is important that we deliver products in a timely manner with increasingly advanced performance characteristics at the time our customers are designing and evaluating samples for their products. if we do not meet their product design schedules, our customers may excluded us from further consideration as a supplier for those products. the process to develop new products requires us to demonstrate advanced functionality and performance, often well in advance of a planned ramp of production, in order to secure design wins with our customers. in addition, some of our components have long lead-times, requiring us to place orders several months in advance of anticipated demand. such long lead-times increase the risk of excess inventory or loss of sales in the event our forecasts vary substantially from actual demand. there can be no assurance of the following:
•   that our product development efforts will be successful;
•   that we will be able to successfully market these products;
•   that we will be able to establish or maintain key relationships with customers, or that we will not be prohibited from working with certain customers, for specific chip set or design requirements;
•   that we will be able to introduce new products into the market and qualify them with our customers on a timely basis; or
•that margins generated from sales of these products will allow us to recover costs of development efforts.
our unsuccessful efforts to develop new products and solutions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
increases in sales of system solutions may increase our dependency upon specific customers and our costs to develop and qualify our system solutions.
our development of system-level memory and storage products is dependent, in part, upon successfully identifying and meeting our customers' specifications for those products. developing and manufacturing system-level products with specifications unique to a customer increases our reliance upon that customer for purchasing our products in sufficient volume, quantity, and in a timely manner. if we fail to identify or develop products on a timely basis, or at all, that comply with our customers' specifications or achieve design wins with our customers, we may experience a significant adverse impact on our revenues and margins. even if our products meet customer specifications, our sales of system-level solutions are dependent upon our customers choosing our products over those of our competitors and purchasing our products at sufficient volumes and prices. our competitors' products may be less costly, provide better performance, or include additional features when compared to our products. our long-term ability to sell system-level memory and storage products is reliant upon our customers' ability to create, market, and sell their products containing our system-level solutions at sufficient volumes and prices in a timely manner. if we fail to successfully develop and market system-level products, our business, results of operations, or financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
even if we are successful in selling system-level solutions to our customers in sufficient volume, we may be unable to generate sufficient profit if our per-unit manufacturing costs exceed our per-unit selling prices. manufacturing system-level solutions to customer specifications requires a longer development cycle, as compared to discrete products, to design, test, and qualify, which may increase our costs. additionally, some of our system solutions are increasingly dependent on sophisticated firmware that may require significant customization to meet customer specifications, which increases our costs and time to market. additionally, we may need to update our firmware or develop new firmware as a result of new product introductions or changes in customer specifications and/or industry standards, which increases our costs. system complexities and extended warranties for system-level products could also increase our warranty costs. our failure to cost-effectively manufacture system-level solutions and/or firmware in a timely manner may result in reduced demand for our system-level products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
products that do not meet specifications or that contain, or are perceived by our customers to contain, defects or that are otherwise incompatible with end uses could impose significant costs on us or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. from time to time, we experience problems with nonconforming, defective, or incompatible products after we have shipped such products. in recent periods, we have further diversified and expanded our product offerings, which could potentially increase the chance that one or more of our products could fail to meet specifications in a particular application. our products and solutions may be deemed fully or partially responsible for functions in our customers' products and may result in sharing or shifting of product or financial liability from our customers to us for costs incurred by the end user as a result of our customers' products failing to perform as specified. we could be adversely affected in several ways, including the following:
•   we may be required or agree to compensate customers for costs incurred or damages caused by defective or incompatible products and to replace products;
•   we could incur a decrease in revenue or adjustment to pricing commensurate with the reimbursement of such costs or alleged damages; and
•   we may encounter adverse publicity, which could cause a decrease in sales of our products or harm our relationships with existing or potential customers.
any of the foregoing items could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
we may be unable to protect our intellectual property or retain key employees who are knowledgeable of and develop our intellectual property.
we maintain a system of controls over our intellectual property, including u.s. and foreign patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, licensing arrangements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements with employees, consultants, and vendors, and a general system of internal controls. despite our system of controls over our intellectual property, it may be possible for our current or future competitors to obtain, copy, use, or disclose, illegally or otherwise, our product and process technology or other proprietary information. the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property to the same degree as do u.s. laws and our confidentiality, non-disclosure, and non-compete agreements may be unenforceable or difficult and costly to enforce.
additionally, our ability to maintain and develop intellectual property is dependent upon our ability to attract, develop, and retain highly skilled employees. global competition for such skilled employees in our industry is intense. due to the volatile nature of our industry and our operating results, a decline in our operating results and/or stock price may adversely affect our ability to retain key employees whose compensation is dependent, in part, upon the market price of our common stock, achieving certain performance metrics, levels of company profitability, or other financial or company-wide performance. if our competitors or future entrants into our industry are successful in hiring our employees, they may directly benefit from the knowledge these employees gained while they were under our employment.
our inability to protect our intellectual property or retain key employees who are knowledgeable of and develop our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
claims that our products or manufacturing processes infringe or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others, or failure to obtain or renew license agreements covering such intellectual property, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
as is typical in the semiconductor and other high technology industries, from time to time others have asserted, and may in the future assert, that our products or manufacturing processes infringe upon, misappropriate, misuse, or otherwise violate their intellectual property rights. we are unable to predict the outcome of these assertions made against us. any of these types of claims, regardless of the merits, could subject us to significant costs to defend or resolve such claims and may consume a substantial portion of management's time and attention. as a result of these claims, we may be required to:
•   make material changes to or redesign our products and/or manufacturing processes; and/or
•   cease manufacturing, having made, selling, offering for sale, importing, marketing, or using products and/or manufacturing processes in certain jurisdictions.
we may not be able to take any of the actions described above on commercially reasonable terms and any of the foregoing results could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. (see "part ii. financial information - item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - contingencies.")
we have a number of intellectual property license agreements. some of these license agreements require us to make one-time or periodic payments. we may need to obtain additional licenses or renew existing license agreements in the future. we are unable to predict whether these license agreements can be obtained or renewed on terms acceptable to us. the failure to obtain or renew licenses as necessary could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
from time to time we are subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise out of the ordinary conduct of our business or otherwise, both domestically and internationally. any claim, with or without merit, could result in significant legal fees that could negatively impact our financial results, disrupt our operations, and require significant attention from our management. we could be subject to litigation or arbitration disputes arising from our relationships with vendors or customers, supply agreements, or contractual obligations with our subcontractors or business partners. we may also be associated with and subject to litigation arising from the actions of our subcontractors or business partners. we may also be subject to litigation as a result of indemnities we issue, primarily with our customers, the terms of our product warranties, and from product liability claims. as we continue to focus on developing system solutions with manufacturers of consumer products, including autonomous driving, augmented reality, and others, we may be exposed to greater potential for personal liability claims against us as a result of consumers' use of those products. there can be no assurance that we are adequately insured to protect against all claims and potential liabilities, and we may elect to self-insure with respect to certain matters. exposures to various litigation could lead to significant costs and expenses as we defend claims, are required to pay damage awards, or enter into settlement agreements, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
we are subject to allegations of securities violations and related wrongful acts.
on march 5, 2019, a shareholder derivative complaint was filed in the u.s. district court for the district of delaware, allegedly on behalf of and for the benefit of micron, against certain current and former officers and directors of micron for alleged breaches of their fiduciary duties and other violations of law. the allegations are based on, among other things, purported false and misleading statements regarding anticompetitive behavior in the dram industry. the complaint seeks damages, fees, interest, costs, and other appropriate relief. similar shareholder derivative complaints have subsequently been filed in the u.s. district court for the district of delaware and the u.s. district court for the district of idaho.
we are unable to predict the outcome of these matters and therefore cannot estimate the range of possible loss. the final resolution of these matters could result in significant liability and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
if our manufacturing process is disrupted by operational issues, natural disasters, or other events, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
we and our subcontractors manufacture products using highly complex processes that require technologically advanced equipment and continuous modification to improve yields and performance. difficulties in the manufacturing process or the effects from a shift in product mix can reduce yields or disrupt production and may increase our per gigabit manufacturing costs. we and our subcontractors maintain operations and continuously implement new product and process technology at manufacturing facilities, which are widely dispersed in multiple locations in several countries including the united states, singapore, taiwan, japan, malaysia, and china. additionally, until we complete our acquisition of intel's noncontrolling interest in imft, our control over operations at imft is limited by our agreements with intel. from time to time, there have been disruptions in the manufacturing process as a result of power outages, improperly functioning equipment, disruptions in supply of raw materials or components, or equipment failures. we have manufacturing and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences such as severe weather and geological events, including earthquakes or tsunamis, that could disrupt operations. in addition, our suppliers and customers also have operations in such locations. if production is disrupted for any reason, manufacturing yields may be adversely affected, or we may be unable to meet our customers' requirements and they may purchase products from other suppliers. this could result in a significant increase in manufacturing costs, loss of revenues, or damage to customer relationships, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
a downturn in the worldwide economy may harm our business.
downturns in the worldwide economy have harmed our business in the past and future downturns could also adversely affect our business. adverse economic conditions affect demand for devices that incorporate our products, such as personal computers, mobile devices, ssds, and servers. reduced demand for these products could result in significant decreases in our average selling prices and product sales. a deterioration of current conditions in worldwide credit markets could limit our ability to obtain external financing to fund our operations and capital expenditures. in addition, we may experience losses on our holdings of cash and investments due to failures of financial institutions and other parties. difficult economic conditions may also result in a higher rate of losses on our accounts receivables due to credit defaults. as a result, a downturn in the worldwide economy could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
breaches of our security systems, or those of our customers, suppliers, or business partners, could expose us to losses.
we maintain a system of controls over the physical security of our facilities. we also manage and store various proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our operations. in addition, we process, store, and transmit large amounts of data relating to our customers and employees, including sensitive personal information. unauthorized persons or employees may gain access to our facilities or network systems to steal trade secrets or other proprietary information, compromise confidential information, create system disruptions, or cause shutdowns. these parties may also be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that disrupt our operations and create security vulnerabilities. breaches of our physical security and attacks on our network systems, or breaches or attacks on our customers, suppliers, or business partners who have confidential or sensitive information regarding us and our customers and suppliers, could result in significant losses and damage our reputation with customers and suppliers and may expose us to litigation if the confidential information of our customers, suppliers, or employees is compromised. the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
our joint ventures and strategic relationships involve numerous risks.
we have entered into strategic relationships to develop new manufacturing process technologies and products and to manufacture certain products, including our joint development partnership and our imft joint venture with intel. in january 2019, we exercised our option to acquire intel's interest in imft. subsequently, intel set the closing date to occur on october 31, 2019. in the first quarter of 2020, we expect to pay intel approximately $1.4 billion in cash for intel's noncontrolling interest in imft and imft member debt. as of august 29, 2019, current debt included $693 million of imft member debt.
our joint ventures and strategic relationships are subject to various risks that could adversely affect the value of our investments and our results of operations, including the following:
◦   ongoing or future development, manufacturing, or operational activities;
◦   the amount, timing, or nature of further investments; and
◦   commercial terms in our joint ventures or strategic relationships;
•limited control over the operations of our joint ventures;
•inability of our partners to meet their commitments to us or our joint ventures;
•   differences in participation on funding capital investments in our joint ventures due to differing business models or long-term business goals;
•inadequate cash flows to fund increased capital requirements of our joint ventures;
•   disputes with partners regarding the terms of arrangements, including the termination or discontinuance of our joint ventures, or that terms of such arrangements are unfavorable; and
•changes in tax, legal, or regulatory requirements that necessitate changes in the agreements with our partners.
our pending acquisition of intel's noncontrolling interest in imft may involve additional risks, including, but not limited to, an inability to sell the product imft produces, increases in underutilization charges, increase in r&d expenses, retention of key employees, and successful integration of imft.
our joint ventures and strategic relationships, if unsuccessful, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
debt obligations could adversely affect our financial condition.
we have incurred in the past, and expect to incur in the future, debt to finance our capital investments, business acquisitions, and restructuring of our capital structure. as of august 29, 2019, we had debt with a carrying value of $5.85 billion. as of august 29, 2019, we also had an undrawn credit facility totaling $3.75 billion consisting of (1) an undrawn revolving credit facility that matures in july 2023 and provides for borrowings of up to $2.50 billion and (2) a term loan facility for up to $1.25 billion available to be drawn in a single advance prior to november 9, 2019. as of august 29, 2019, the conversion value in excess of principal of our convertible notes was $654 million, based on the trading price of our common stock of $44.67 per share on such date.
our debt obligations could adversely impact us. for example, these obligations could:
•   require us to use a large portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on debt, which will reduce the amount of cash flow available to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, r&amp;d expenditures, and other business activities;
•   require us to use cash and/or issue shares of our common stock to settle any conversion obligations of our convertible notes;
•   result in certain of our debt instruments being accelerated to be immediately due and payable or being deemed to be in default if certain terms of default are triggered, such as applicable cross payment default and/or cross-acceleration provisions;
•   adversely impact our credit rating, which could increase future borrowing costs;
•   limit our future ability to raise funds for capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions or business opportunities, r&amp;d, and other general corporate requirements;
•   increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and semiconductor memory and storage industry conditions;
•   increase our exposure to interest rate risk from variable rate indebtedness;
•   continue to dilute our earnings per share as a result of the conversion provisions in our convertible notes; and
•   require us to continue to pay cash amounts substantially in excess of the principal amounts upon settlement of our convertible notes to minimize dilution of our earnings per share.
our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt instruments depends on our ability to generate significant cash flows in the future. this, to some extent, is subject to market, economic, financial, competitive, legislative, and regulatory factors as well as other factors that are beyond our control. there can be no assurance that our business will generate cash flow from operations, or that additional capital will be available to us, in amounts sufficient to enable us to meet our debt payment obligations and to fund other liquidity needs. additionally, events and circumstances may occur which would cause us to not be able to satisfy applicable draw-down conditions and utilize our revolving credit facility. in 2019, we suspended the security interest in the collateral under our credit facility upon achieving a specified credit rating and prepaying the 2022 term loan b; however, if our corporate credit rating were to decline below a certain level, the security interest would be automatically reinstated. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows to service our debt payment obligations, we may need to refinance or restructure our debt, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek to raise additional capital. if we are unable to implement one or more of these alternatives, we may be unable to meet our debt payment obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
to remain competitive, we must attract, retain, and motivate executives and other highly skilled employees. competition for experienced employees in our industry can be intense and hiring and retaining qualified executives, engineers, technical staff, and sales representatives are critical to our business. our inability to attract and retain key employees may inhibit our ability to maintain or expand our business operations. additionally, changes to immigration policies in the numerous countries in which we operate, including the united states, may limit our ability to hire and/or retain talent in specific locations. if our total compensation programs and workplace culture cease to be viewed as competitive, our ability to attract, retain, and motivate employees could be weakened, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
the acquisition of our ownership interest in inotera from qimonda has been challenged by the administrator of the insolvency proceedings for qimonda.
on january 20, 2011, dr. michael jaffé, administrator for qimonda's insolvency proceedings, filed suit against micron and micron semiconductor b.v. ("micron b.v."), in the district court of munich, civil chamber. the complaint seeks to void, under section 133 of the german insolvency act, a share purchase agreement between micron b.v. and qimonda signed in fall 2008, pursuant to which micron b.v. purchased substantially all of qimonda's shares of inotera (the "inotera shares"), representing approximately 18% of inotera's outstanding shares as of august 29, 2019, and seeks an order requiring us to re-transfer those shares to the qimonda estate. the complaint also seeks, among other things, to recover damages for the alleged value of the joint venture relationship with inotera and to terminate, under sections 103 or 133 of the german insolvency code, a patent cross-license between us and qimonda entered into at the same time as the share purchase agreement.
following a series of hearings with pleadings, arguments, and witnesses on behalf of the qimonda estate, on march 13, 2014, the court issued judgments: (1) ordering micron b.v. to pay approximately $1 million in respect of certain inotera shares sold in connection with the original share purchase; (2) ordering micron b.v. to disclose certain information with respect to any inotera shares sold by it to third parties; (3) ordering micron b.v. to disclose the benefits derived by it from ownership of the inotera shares, including in particular, any profits distributed on the inotera shares and all other benefits; (4) denying qimonda's claims against micron for any damages relating to the joint venture relationship with inotera; and (5) determining that qimonda's obligations under the patent cross-license agreement are canceled. in addition, the court issued interlocutory judgments ordering, among other things: (1) that micron b.v. transfer to the qimonda estate the inotera shares still owned by micron b.v. and pay to the qimonda estate compensation in an amount to be specified for any inotera shares sold to third parties; and (2) that micron b.v. pay the qimonda estate as compensation an amount to be specified for benefits derived by micron b.v. from ownership of the inotera shares. the interlocutory judgments have no immediate, enforceable effect on us, and, accordingly, we expect to be able to continue to operate with full control of the inotera shares subject to further developments in the case. on april 17, 2014, micron and micron b.v. filed a notice of appeal with the german appeals court challenging the district court's decision. after opening briefs, the appeals court held a hearing on the matter on july 9, 2015, and thereafter appointed two independent experts to perform an evaluation of dr. jaffé's claims that the amount micron paid for qimonda was less than fair market value. on january 25, 2018, the court-appointed experts issued their report concluding that the amount paid by micron was within an acceptable fair-value range. the appeals court held a subsequent hearing on april 30, 2019, and on may 28, 2019, the appeals court remanded the case to the experts for supplemental expert opinion.
we are unable to predict the outcome of the matter and, therefore, cannot estimate the range of possible loss. the final resolution of this lawsuit could result in the loss of the inotera shares or monetary damages, unspecified damages based on the benefits derived by micron b.v. from the ownership of the inotera shares, and/or the termination of the patent cross-license, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
we operate in a number of locations outside the united states, including singapore, where we have tax incentive arrangements that are conditional, in part, upon meeting certain business operations and employment thresholds. our domestic and international taxes are dependent upon the geographic mix of our earnings among these jurisdictions. our provision for income taxes and cash tax liabilities in the future could be adversely affected by numerous factors, including challenges by tax authorities to our tax positions and intercompany transfer pricing arrangements, failure to meet performance obligations with respect to tax incentive agreements, expanding our operations in various countries, and changes in tax laws and regulations. additionally, we file income tax returns with the u.s. federal government, various u.s. states, and various other jurisdictions throughout the world and certain tax returns may remain open to examination for several years. the results of audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns and continuing assessments of our tax exposures may have an adverse effect on our provision for income taxes and cash tax liability. the foregoing items could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
a change in tax laws in key jurisdictions could materially increase our tax expense.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and many foreign jurisdictions. changes to income tax laws and regulations in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate, or in the interpretation of such laws, could significantly increase our effective tax rate and ultimately reduce our cash flow from operating activities and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. for example, our effective tax rate increased from 1.2% for 2018 to 9.8% for 2019 primarily as a result of the tax cuts and jobs act enacted on december 22, 2017 by the united states. the u.s. treasury department continues to issue interpretive guidance on the tax act, including foreign tax credits, foreign minimum tax, foreign derived intangible income, and interest expense deduction limitations. it is anticipated that the guidance will be finalized over the next several months. additionally, various levels of government are increasingly focused on tax reform and other legislative actions to increase tax revenue. further changes in the tax laws of foreign jurisdictions could arise as a result of the base erosion and profit shifting project undertaken by the organization for economic co-operation and development, which represents a coalition of member countries and recommended changes to numerous long-standing tax principles. if adopted by countries, such changes, as well as changes in u.s. federal and state tax laws or in taxing jurisdictions' administrative interpretations, decisions, policies, and positions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
our incentives from various governments are conditional upon achieving or maintaining certain performance obligations and are subject to reduction, termination, or clawback.
we have received, and may in the future continue to receive, benefits and incentives from national, state, and local governments in various regions of the world designed to encourage us to establish, maintain, or increase investment, workforce, or production in those regions. these incentives may take various forms, including grants, loan subsidies, and tax arrangements, and typically require us to perform or maintain certain levels of investment, capital spending, employment, technology deployment, or research and development activities to qualify for such incentives. we cannot guarantee that we will successfully achieve performance obligations required to qualify for these incentives or that the granting agencies will provide such funding. these incentive arrangements typically provide the granting agencies with rights to audit our performance with the terms and obligations. such audits could result in modifications to, or termination of, the applicable incentive program. the incentives we receive could be subject to reduction, termination, or clawback, and any decrease or clawback of government incentives could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
we may make future acquisitions and/or alliances, which involve numerous risks.
acquisitions and the formation or operation of alliances, such as joint ventures and other partnering arrangements, involve numerous risks, including the following:
•   integrating the operations, technologies, and products of acquired or newly formed entities into our operations;
•   increasing capital expenditures to upgrade and maintain facilities;
•   increased debt levels;
•   the assumption of unknown or underestimated liabilities;
•   the use of cash to finance a transaction, which may reduce the availability of cash to fund working capital, capital expenditures, r&amp;d expenditures, and other business activities;
•   diverting management's attention from daily operations;
•   managing larger or more complex operations and facilities and employees in separate and diverse geographic areas;
•   requirements imposed by governmental authorities in connection with the regulatory review of a transaction, which may include, among other things, divestitures or restrictions on the conduct of our business or the acquired business;
•   inability to realize synergies or other expected benefits;
•   failure to maintain customer, vendor, and other relationships;
•   inadequacy or ineffectiveness of an acquired company's internal financial controls, disclosure controls and procedures, compliance programs, and/or environmental, health and safety, anti-corruption, human resource, or other policies or practices; and
•   impairment of acquired intangible assets, goodwill, or other assets as a result of changing business conditions, technological advancements, or worse-than-expected performance of the acquired business.
in previous years, supply of memory and storage products has significantly exceeded customer demand resulting in significant declines in average selling prices. the global memory and storage industry has experienced consolidation and may continue to consolidate. we engage, from time to time, in discussions regarding potential acquisitions and similar opportunities. to the extent we are successful in completing any such transactions, we could be subject to some or all of the risks described above, including the risks pertaining to funding, assumption of liabilities, integration challenges, and increases in debt that may accompany such transactions. acquisitions of, or alliances with, technology companies are inherently risky and may not be successful and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
changes in foreign currency exchange rates could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
across our global operations, significant transactions and balances are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar (our reporting currency), primarily the euro, singapore dollar, new taiwan dollar, and yen. although we hedge our primary exposures to changes in currency exchange rates from our monetary assets and liabilities, the effectiveness of these hedges is dependent upon our ability to accurately forecast our monetary assets and liabilities. in addition, a significant portion of our manufacturing costs are denominated in foreign currencies. exchange rates for some of these currencies against the u.s. dollar, particularly the yen, have been volatile in recent periods. if these currencies strengthen against the u.s. dollar, our manufacturing costs could significantly increase. exchange rates for the u.s. dollar that adversely change against our foreign currency exposures could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
we may incur additional restructuring charges in future periods.
from time to time, we have, and may in the future, enter into restructure initiatives in order to, among other items, streamline our operations, respond to changes in business conditions, our markets or product offerings, or to centralize certain key functions. we may not realize expected savings or other benefits from our restructure activities and may incur additional restructure charges or other losses in future periods associated with other initiatives. in connection with any restructure initiatives, we could incur restructure charges, loss of production output, loss of key personnel, disruptions in our operations, and difficulties in the timely delivery of products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
compliance with customer and responsible sourcing requirements and related regulations could limit the supply and increase the cost of certain materials, supplies, and services used in manufacturing our products.
many of our customers have adopted responsible sourcing programs that require us to periodically report on our supply chain and responsible sourcing efforts to ensure we source the materials, supplies, and services we use and incorporate into the products we sell in a manner that is consistent with their programs. some of our customers may elect to disqualify us as a supplier or reduce purchases from us if we are unable to verify that our products meet the specifications of their responsible sourcing programs. meeting customer requirements may limit the sourcing and availability of some of the materials, supplies, and services we use, particularly when the availability of such is concentrated to a limited number of suppliers. this in turn may affect our ability and/or the cost to obtain materials, supplies, and services necessary for the manufacture of our products in sufficient quantities.
this increased focus on environmental protection and social responsibility initiatives led to the passage of section 1502 of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act of 2010 and its implementing sec regulations. the act imposes supply chain diligence and disclosure requirements for certain manufacturers of products containing specific minerals that may originate in or near the democratic republic of the congo and finance or benefit local armed groups. these conflict minerals are commonly found in materials used in the manufacture of semiconductors.
our inability to comply with customers' requirements for responsible sourcing or with regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
we and others are subject to a variety of laws and regulations that may result in additional costs and liabilities.
the manufacturing of our products requires the use of facilities, equipment, and materials that are subject to a broad array of laws and regulations in numerous jurisdictions in which we operate. additionally, we are subject to a variety of other laws and regulations relative to the construction, maintenance, and operations of our facilities. any of these laws or regulations could cause us to incur additional direct costs, as well as increased indirect costs related to our relationships with our customers and suppliers, and otherwise harm our operations and financial condition. any failure to comply with these laws or regulations could adversely impact our reputation and our financial results. additionally, we engage various third parties to represent us or otherwise act on our behalf and we partner with other companies in our joint ventures, all of whom are also subject to a broad array of laws and regulations. our engagement with these third parties and our ownership in these joint ventures may also expose us to risks associated with their respective compliance with these laws and regulations. as a result of these items, we could experience the following:
•   suspension of production;
•   alteration of our manufacturing processes;
our failure, or the failure of our third-party agents or joint ventures, to comply with these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
we are subject to counterparty default risks.
we have numerous arrangements with financial institutions that subject us to counterparty default risks, including cash deposits, investments, capped call contracts on our common stock, and derivative instruments. as a result, we are subject to the risk that the counterparty to one or more of these arrangements will default on its performance obligations. a counterparty may not comply with their contractual commitments which could then lead to their defaulting on their obligations with little or no notice to us, which could limit our ability to take action to mitigate our exposure. additionally, our ability to mitigate our exposures may be constrained by the terms of our contractual arrangements or because market conditions prevent us from taking effective action. if one of our counterparties becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy, our ability to recover any losses suffered as a result of that counterparty's default may be limited by the liquidity of the counterparty or the applicable laws governing the bankruptcy proceedings. in the event of such default, we could incur significant losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
the operations of mmj are subject to continued oversight by the tokyo district court during the pendency of the corporate reorganization proceedings.
because mmj's plan of reorganization provides for ongoing payments to creditors following the closing of the mmj acquisition, the reorganization proceedings in japan (the "japan proceedings") are continuing and mmj remains subject to the oversight of the tokyo district court and of the trustees (including a trustee designated by us, who we refer to as the business trustee, and a trustee designated by the tokyo district court, who we refer to as the legal trustee), pending completion of the reorganization proceedings. the business trustee is responsible for overseeing the operation of the business of the mmj companies, other than oversight in relation to acts that need to be carried out in connection with the japan proceedings, which are the responsibility of the legal trustee. the final creditor payment under mmj's plan of reorganization is scheduled to occur in december 2019. following distribution of the final payment and the tokyo district court's approval and issuance of an order concluding the reorganization proceedings, mmj's reorganization proceedings in japan and oversight of the tokyo district court will terminate.
during the pendency of the reorganization proceedings in japan, mmj is obligated to provide periodic financial reports to the tokyo district court and may be required to obtain the consent of the tokyo district court prior to taking a number of significant actions relating to its businesses, including transferring or disposing of, or acquiring, certain material assets, incurring or guaranteeing material indebtedness, settling material disputes, or entering into certain material agreements. the consent of the legal trustee may also be required for matters that would likely have a material impact on the operations or assets of mmj or for transfers of material assets, to the extent the matters or transfers would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect execution of mmj's plan of reorganization. accordingly, during the pendency of the reorganization proceedings in japan, our ability to operate mmj as part of our global business or to cause mmj to take certain actions that we deem advisable for its business could be adversely affected if the tokyo district court or the legal trustee is unwilling to consent to various actions that we may wish to take with respect to mmj.
the operations of mmj being subject to the continued oversight by the tokyo district court during the pendency of the corporate reorganization proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes for the year ended august 29, 2019. all period references are to our fiscal periods unless otherwise indicated. our fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week period ending on the thursday closest to august 31. our fiscal 2019, 2018, and 2017 each contain 52 weeks. all tabular dollar amounts are in millions, except per share amounts.
for an overview of our business, see "part i - item 1. business - overview."
results of operations consolidated results for the year ended                                                                  2019                              2018                              2017
cost of goods sold                                              12,704           54    %          12,500           41    %          11,886           58    %
research and development                                         2,441           10    %           2,141            7    %           1,824            9    %
other operating (income) expense, net                               49            -    %             (57   )        -    %               1            -    %
operating income                                                 7,376           32    %          14,994           49    %           5,868           29    %
other non-operating income (expense), net                         (405   )       (2   )%            (465   )       (2   )%            (112   )       (1   )%
income tax (provision) benefit                                    (693   )       (3   )%            (168   )       (1   )%            (114   )       (1   )%
equity in net income (loss) of equity method investees               3            -    %              (1   )        -    %               8            -    %
total revenue total revenue for 2019 decreased 23% as compared to 2018 primarily due to pricing declines resulting from the challenging memory market environment in 2019. sales of dram products for 2019 decreased 28% as compared to 2018 primarily due to declines in average selling prices of approximately 30% resulting from supply and demand imbalances, customer inventory corrections, and cpu shortages. sales of nand products for 2019 decreased 12% as compared to 2018 primarily due to declines in average selling prices in the mid-40% range resulting from supply and demand imbalances, which were partially offset by significant increases in sales volumes. in addition, demand for our nand products was adversely affected by the transition from sata ssds to nvme ssds. the higher nand sales volumes in 2019 were driven by increases in sales of high-value mobile managed nand products as well as discrete nand products enabled by our execution in ramping 64- and 96-layer tlc 3d nand.
total revenue for 2018 increased 50% as compared to 2017. higher revenue in 2018 for both dram and nand as compared to 2017 were driven by strong execution in delivering high-value products featuring our 1xnm dram and 64-layer 3d nand technologies combined with strong demand for products across our primary markets. sales of dram products for 2018 increased 64% from 2017 primarily due to an increase in average selling prices of approximately 35% and an increase in sales volumes of approximately 20% as a result of strong market conditions, particularly for cloud, enterprise, mobile, and graphics markets, combined with increased sales into high-value markets. sales of nand products for 2018 increased 20% from 2017 despite declines in average selling prices primarily due to an increase in sales volumes of approximately 30% driven by increases in sales of high-value ssd and mobile managed nand products enabled by strong demand and our execution in delivering 3d nand products.
overall gross margin our overall gross margin percentage decreased to 46% for 2019 from 59% for 2018 primarily due to declines in average selling prices partially offset by cost reductions resulting from strong execution in delivering products featuring advanced technologies and from continuous improvement initiatives to reduce production costs. underutilization of imft assets adversely impacted our gross margin by a per-quarter average of approximately $100 million in 2019 and $65 million in 2018, and we anticipate the adverse impact of underutilization at imft to increase to approximately $150 million per quarter beginning in the first quarter of 2020.
we continue to evaluate planned technology node transitions, capital spending and re-use rates for nand equipment. based on our preliminary assessment, we anticipate changing the depreciable life of our nand equipment from five to seven years beginning in the first quarter of 2020. we anticipate this change will reduce our depreciation expense included in cost of goods sold for the first quarter of 2020 by approximately $80 million, increasing to approximately $100 to $150 million per quarter for the remainder of 2020.
our overall gross margin percentage increased to 59% for 2018 from 42% for 2017 primarily due to favorable market conditions across key markets combined with strong execution in delivering products featuring advanced technologies, including 1xnm dram and 64-layer 3d nand, enabling manufacturing cost reductions. for 2018 as compared to 2017, pricing for dram products increased while manufacturing costs declined and, for nand products, manufacturing cost reductions outpaced declines in average selling prices.
revenue by business unit for the year ended                          2019                          2018                          2017
percentages of total revenue may not total 100% due to rounding.
cnbu revenue for 2019 decreased 35% as compared to 2018 due to challenging market conditions in 2019, which led to price declines. mbu revenue for 2019 decreased 3% as compared to 2018 primarily due to price declines offset by strong execution in developing and qualifying mobile managed nand products and continued content growth in smartphones, which combined to drive significant increase in shipment volumes. sbu revenue for 2019 decreased 24% as compared to 2018 primarily due to price declines, partially offset by significant growth in shipment volumes as a result of strong execution in ramping 64-layer and 96-layer tlc nand products. sbu revenue includes products manufactured and sold to intel under a long-term supply agreement at prices approximating cost, which included 3d xpoint memory and nand, aggregating $682 million, $541 million, and $553 million, for 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively. ebu revenue for 2019 decreased 10% as compared to 2018 primarily due to lower sales to consumer markets as a result of weak demand and pricing, partially offset by increases in sales to automotive and industrial markets.
cnbu revenue for 2018 increased 77% as compared to 2017 due to strong market conditions and demand in key markets, including cloud server, client, enterprise server, and graphics, which drove increases in pricing and sales volumes. sales into cloud and graphics markets more than doubled in 2018 as compared to 2017. mbu revenue for 2018 increased 49% as compared to 2017 primarily due to customer qualifications for lpdram and managed nand products, which combined with higher memory content in smartphones to drive improvements in dram pricing and increases in sales volumes. sbu revenue for 2018 from all other sales of nand products (excluding sales to intel at prices approximating cost) increased 13% as compared to 2017 driven by higher sales of ssd storage products, which increased by 72%, partially offset by declines in sbu nand component sales from a strategic reallocation of supply from component sales to ssd and mobile managed nand products. increases in sbu sales volumes for 2018 resulting from strong demand for cloud and enterprise ssd markets more than offset declines in selling prices. ebu revenue for 2018 increased 29% as compared to 2017 primarily due to strong demand across ebu's primary markets including consumer, industrial multimarkets, and automotive.
operating income (loss) by business unit for the year ended                               2019                           2018                           2017
percentages reflect operating income (loss) as a percentage of revenue for each business unit.
cnbu operating income for 2019 decreased from 2018 primarily due to declines in pricing and higher r&d costs, partially offset by cost reductions. mbu operating income for 2019 decreased from 2018 primarily due to declines in pricing partially offset by increases in sales of high-value managed nand products and manufacturing cost reductions. sbu operating margin for 2019 declined from 2018 primarily due to declines in pricing, which were partially offset by manufacturing cost reductions and increases in sales volumes. sbu operating results for 2019 and 2018 were adversely impacted by the underutilization charges at imft. ebu operating income for 2019 decreased from 2018 as a result of declines in pricing and higher r&d costs partially offset by manufacturing cost reductions and increases in sales volumes.
cnbu operating income for 2018 improved from 2017 primarily due to improved pricing and higher sales volumes resulting from strong demand for our products combined with manufacturing cost reductions. mbu operating income for 2018 improved from 2017 primarily due to increases in pricing and sales volumes for lpdram products, higher sales of high-value managed nand products, and manufacturing cost reductions. sbu operating income for 2018 improved from 2017 primarily due to manufacturing cost reductions enabled by our execution in transitioning to 64-layer tlc 3d nand products and improvements in product mix. sbu operating income for 2018 was adversely impacted by higher costs associated with imft's production of 3d xpoint memory products at less than full capacity. ebu operating income for 2018 increased as compared to 2017 as a result of increases in average selling prices, manufacturing cost reductions, and increases in sales volumes, partially offset by higher r&d costs.
operating expenses and other selling, general, and administrative sg&a expenses for 2019 were 3% higher than 2018 primarily due to increases in legal costs and consulting fees, partially offset by a reduction in employee compensation and sales commissions. sg&a expenses for 2018 were 9% higher than 2017 primarily due to increases in legal costs, consulting fees, and employee compensation.
research and development r&d expenses vary primarily with the number of development wafers processed, amounts reimbursed under r&d cost-sharing agreements, the cost of advanced equipment dedicated to new product and process development, and personnel costs. because of the lead times necessary to manufacture our products, we typically begin to process wafers before completion of performance and reliability testing. development of a product is deemed complete when it is qualified through reviews and tests for performance and reliability. r&d expenses can vary significantly depending on the timing of product qualification.
r&d expenses for 2019 were 14% higher than 2018 primarily due to decreases in reimbursements from our r&d cost-sharing arrangements as described below, increases in depreciation expense as a result of increases in capital spending, and increases in employee compensation. r&d expenses for 2018 were 17% higher than 2017 primarily due to increases in employee compensation, volumes of development and pre-qualification wafers, and depreciation expense as a result of increases in capital spending.
we share the cost of certain product and process development activities under development agreements with partners, including agreements to jointly develop nand and 3d xpoint technologies with intel. our r&d expenses were reduced by reimbursements under these development partner arrangements by $60 million, $201 million, and $213 million for 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively. the decrease in r&d reimbursements for 2019 was primarily due to reductions in our joint development activities with intel for 3d nand and 3d xpoint technologies. in 2018, we and intel agreed to independently develop subsequent generations of 3d nand and we substantially completed this cost-sharing agreement in the third quarter of 2019. in 2018, we announced that we and intel will no longer jointly develop 3d xpoint technology beyond the second generation and we substantially completed this cost-sharing agreement in the first quarter of 2020.
income taxes on december 22, 2017, the united states enacted comprehensive tax legislation, commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"), which imposed a one-time transition tax in 2018 (the "repatriation tax") and, beginning in 2019, created a new minimum tax on certain foreign earnings (the "foreign minimum tax"). in connection with the provisions of the tax act, we made an accounting policy election to treat the foreign minimum tax provision as a period cost in the period the tax is incurred. sec staff accounting bulletin no. 118 ("sab 118") allowed the use of provisional amounts (reasonable estimates) if the analyses of the impacts of the tax act had not been completed when financial statements were issued. during
2019, we finalized the computations of the income tax effects of the tax act. as such, in accordance with sab 118, our accounting for the effects of the tax act is complete.
our income tax (provision) benefit consisted of the following:
income tax (provision) benefit, excluding items below                                                  $(530   )           $(274   )         $(168   )
utilization of and other changes in net deferred tax assets of mmj, mmt, and mttw                       (173   )             (68   )            54
repatriation tax, net of adjustments related to uncertain tax positions                                   10              (1,030   )             -
release of the valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets of our u.s. operations                       -               1,337                 -
remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities reflecting lower u.s. corporate tax rates             -                (133   )             -
our effective tax rate increased in 2019 primarily as a result of the foreign minimum tax. our income tax rates include operations outside the united states, including singapore, where we have tax incentive arrangements that further decrease our effective tax rates.
as a result of the tax act, we reevaluated our indefinite reinvestment assertion in 2018 and deemed a portion of our accumulated foreign earnings to be no longer indefinitely reinvested. although these earnings have been subject to u.s. federal income tax under the repatriation tax, the repatriation to the united states of all or a portion of these earnings would potentially be subject to foreign withholding and state income tax. as of august 29, 2019, we had a deferred tax liability of $10 million associated with our undistributed earnings.
we operate in a number of jurisdictions outside the unites states, including singapore, where we have tax incentive arrangements, which expire in whole or in part at various dates through 2034, that are conditional, in part, upon meeting certain business operations and employment thresholds. the effect of tax incentive arrangements reduced our tax provision by $756 million (benefiting our diluted earnings per share by $0.66) for 2019, by $1.96 billion ($1.59 per diluted share) for 2018, and by $742 million ($0.64 per diluted share) for 2017.
(see "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - income taxes.")
other interest income increased 71% for 2019 as compared to 2018 primarily due to increases in interest rates. interest expense decreased 63% as compared to 2018 primarily due to prepayments, repurchases, and conversions of debt in 2018 and 2019 and increases in capitalized interest from higher levels of capital spending, partially offset by the issuance of the 2024 notes, 2026 notes, 2027 notes, 2029 notes, and 2030 notes in 2019.
interest income increased 193% for 2018 as compared to 2017 primarily due to increases in marketable investments and interest rates. interest expense decreased 43% as compared to 2017 primarily due to decreases in debt obligations.
further discussion of other operating and non-operating income and expenses can be found in the following notes contained in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements":
•   research and development
•   other operating income (expense), net
•   other non-operating income (expense), net liquidity and capital resources our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations and financing obtained from capital markets and financial institutions. cash generated from operations is highly dependent on selling prices for our products, which can vary significantly from period to period. we are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. we expect, from time to time, to engage in a variety of financing transactions for such purposes, including the issuance of securities. as of august 29, 2019, we had undrawn credit facilities totaling $3.75 billion consisting of (1) an undrawn revolving credit facility that matures in july 2023 and provides for borrowings of up to $2.50 billion and (2) a term loan facility of up to $1.25 billion available to be drawn in a single advance prior to november 9, 2019 which matures on the fifth anniversary of the funding date. we expect to draw under the term loan facility prior to acquiring intel's interest in imft in the first quarter of 2020. we expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months.
to develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and r&d. we estimate that capital expenditures in 2020 for property, plant, and equipment, net of partner contributions, to be $7 billion to $8 billion, focused on technology transitions and product enablement. the actual amounts for 2020 will vary depending on market conditions. as of august 29, 2019, we had commitments of approximately $4.3 billion for the acquisition of property, plant, and equipment, approximately $3.2 billion is expected to be paid in 2020 and the remainder in 2021.
our board of directors has authorized the discretionary repurchase of up to $10 billion of our outstanding common stock beginning in 2019, which we may purchase on a discretionary basis through open-market purchases, block trades, privately-negotiated transactions, derivative transactions, and/or pursuant to a rule 10b5-1 trading plan, subject to market conditions and our ongoing determination of the best use of available cash. the repurchase authorization does not obligate us to acquire any common stock. in 2019, we repurchased 67 million shares of our common stock for $2.66 billion under an accelerated share repurchase agreement, rule 10b5-1 plans, and through open market repurchases. see "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - equity."
in january 2019, we exercised our option to acquire intel's interest in imft. intel has set the closing date to occur on october 31, 2019. in connection with our acquisition, in the first quarter of 2020, we expect to pay intel approximately $1.4 billion for intel's interest in imft as well as imft member debt owed to intel. as of august 29, 2019, current debt included $693 million of imft member debt.
cash and marketable investments totaled $9.12 billion as of august 29, 2019 and $7.28 billion as of august 30, 2018. our investments consist primarily of money market funds and liquid investment-grade, fixed-income securities, diversified among industries and individual issuers. to mitigate credit risk, we invest through high-credit-quality financial institutions and by policy generally limit the concentration of credit exposure by restricting the amount of investments with any single obligor. as of august 29, 2019, $2.50 billion of our cash and marketable investments was held by our foreign subsidiaries.
limitations on the use of cash and investments mmj group: cash and marketable investments as of august 29, 2019 included $536 million held by the mmj group. as a result of the corporate reorganization proceedings of mmj initiated in march 2012, and for so long as such proceedings are continuing, the mmj group is prohibited from paying dividends to us. in addition, pursuant to an order of the tokyo district court, the mmj group cannot make loans or advances, other than certain ordinary course advances, to us without the consent of the tokyo district court and may, under certain circumstances, be subject to the approval of the legal trustee. as a result, the assets of the mmj group are not available for use by us in our other operations. furthermore, certain uses of the assets of the mmj group, including investments in certain capital expenditures, may require consent of mmj's trustees and/or the tokyo district court.
imft: cash and marketable investments included $130 million held by imft as of august 29, 2019. our ability to access funds held by imft to finance our other operations is subject to agreement by intel and contractual limitations. amounts held by imft are not anticipated to be available to finance our other operations.
net cash provided by operating activities                                                           $13,189             $17,400              $8,153
effect of changes in currency exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash              26                 (37   )             (12   )
operating activities: for 2019, cash provided by operating activities was due primarily to cash generated by our operations and the effect of working capital adjustments, which included a $2.43 billion decrease in receivables due to a lower level of net sales and a $1.53 billion increase in inventory due to higher levels of work in process and raw materials inventories.
for 2018, cash provided by operating activities was due primarily to cash generated by our operations and the effect of working capital adjustments, which included a $1.73 billion increase in receivables due to a higher level of net sales.
for 2017, cash provided by operating activities was due primarily to cash generated by our operations and the effect of working capital adjustments, which included a $1.65 billion increase in receivables due to a higher level of net sales, $361 million of payments attributed to intercompany balances in connection with the inotera acquisition, and a $456 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses.
investing activities: for 2019, net cash used for investing activities consisted primarily of $9.03 billion of expenditures for property, plant, and equipment (net of partner contributions) and $1.17 billion of net outflows from sales, maturities, and purchases of available-for-sale securities.
for 2018, net cash used for investing activities consisted primarily of $7.99 billion of expenditures for property, plant, and equipment (net of partner contributions), partially offset by $164 million of net inflows from sales, maturities, and purchases of available-for-sale securities.
for 2017, net cash used for investing activities consisted primarily of $4.73 billion of expenditures for property, plant, and equipment (net of partner contributions), $2.63 billion of net cash paid for the inotera acquisition (net of $361 million of payments attributed to intercompany balances with inotera included in operating activities), and $269 million of net outflows from sales, maturities, and purchases of available-for-sale securities.
financing activities: for 2019, net cash used for financing activities consisted primarily of $2.66 billion for the acquisition of 67 million shares of treasury stock under our $10 billion share repurchase authorization and cash payments to reduce our debt, including $1.65 billion to settle conversions of notes, $728 million to prepay the 2022 term loan b, $316 million for imft member debt repayments, and $643 million for scheduled repayment of other notes and capital leases. cash used for financing activities was partially offset by net proceeds of $3.53 billion from the aggregate issuance of the 2024 notes, 2026 notes, 2027 notes, 2029 notes, and 2030 notes.
for 2018, net cash used for financing activities consisted primarily of cash payments to reduce our debt, including $9.42 billion to prepay or repurchase debt and settle conversions of notes and $774 million for scheduled repayment of other notes and capital leases. cash used for financing activities was partially offset by net proceeds of $1.36 billion from the issuance of 34 million shares of our common stock for $41.00 per share in a public offering and $1.01 billion of proceeds from imft member debt.
for 2017, net cash provided by financing activities consisted primarily of $2.48 billion of net proceeds from the 2021 mstw term loan, and $795 million of net proceeds from the 2021 msac term loan, partially offset by $1.63 billion to repurchase notes, repayments of $381 million of capital lease obligations, repayments of $550 million of other debt and convertible notes, and payments of $519 million on equipment purchase contracts.
see "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - debt."
potential settlement obligations of convertible notes since the closing price of our common stock exceeded 130% of the conversion price per share of all our convertible notes for at least 20 trading days in the 30 trading day period ended on september 30, 2019, holders may convert these notes through the calendar quarter ended december 31, 2019. the following table summarizes the potential settlements that we could be required to make for the calendar quarter ending december 31, 2019 if all holders converted their notes. the amounts in the table below are based on our closing share price of $44.67 as of august 29, 2019.
settlement option                                                                          if settled with minimum cash required                               if settled entirely with cash principal amount             amount in excess of principal         underlying shares       cash                                  remainder in shares as of august 29, 2019, convertible notes in the table above included an aggregate of $179 million net carrying amount for the settlement obligation (including principal and amounts in excess of principal) for conversions of 2033f notes. the 20 consecutive trading day measurement period ended in the first quarter of 2020, and we settled the conversion for $192 million in cash in the first quarter of 2020.
contractual obligations payments due by period as of august 29, 2019                        total            less than 1 year         1-3 years             3-5 years               more than 5 years notes payable(1)(2)                     $6,811                  $1,302                      $530                  $978                  $4,001
capital lease obligations(2)               702                     248                       180                    85                     189
operating leases(3)                        752                      54                       127                   112                     459
(3)   amounts include contractually obligated minimum lease payments for operating leases having an initial noncancelable term in excess of one year.
(4)   purchase obligations include all commitments to purchase goods or services of either a fixed or minimum quantity that meet any of the following criteria: (1) they are noncancelable, (2) we would incur a penalty if the agreement was canceled, or (3) we must make specified minimum payments even if we do not take delivery of the contracted products or services. if the obligation to purchase goods or services is noncancelable, the entire value of the contract was included in the above table. if the obligation is cancelable, but we would incur a penalty if canceled, only the dollar amount of the penalty was included as a purchase obligation. contracted minimum amounts specified in any take-or-pay contracts were included in the above table as they represent the portion of each contract that is a firm commitment.
(5)   amounts represent future cash payments to satisfy other long-term liabilities recorded on our consolidated balance sheet, including $190 million for the current portion of these long-term liabilities. we are unable to reliably estimate the timing of future certain payments related to uncertain tax positions and deferred tax liabilities; therefore, the amount has been excluded from the preceding table. however, other noncurrent liabilities recorded on our consolidated balance sheet included these uncertain tax positions and deferred tax liabilities.
the timing of payment amounts of the obligations discussed above is based on current information. any redemptions, repurchases, or conversions of debt could impact the amount and timing of our cash payments.
off-balance sheet arrangements in connection with our 2033f notes, we entered into the 2033f capped calls, which are intended to reduce the effect of potential dilution. see "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - equity - micron shareholders' equity - outstanding capped calls."
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosures. estimates and judgments are based on historical experience, forecasted events, and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. estimates and judgments may vary under different assumptions or conditions. we evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. our management believes the accounting policies below are critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments.
business acquisitions: accounting for acquisitions requires us to estimate the fair value of consideration paid and the individual assets and liabilities acquired, which involves a number of judgments, assumptions, and estimates that could materially affect the amount and timing of costs recognized in subsequent periods. accounting for acquisitions can also involve significant judgment to determine when control of the acquired entity is transferred. we typically obtain independent third-party valuation studies to assist in determining fair values, including assistance in determining future cash flows, discount rates, and comparable market values. items involving significant assumptions, estimates, and judgments include the following:
•   debt, including discount rate and timing of payments;
•   deferred tax assets, including projections of future taxable income and tax rates;
•   fair value of consideration paid or transferred;
•   intangible assets, including valuation methodology, estimations of future revenue and costs, profit allocation rates attributable to the acquired technology, and discount rates;
•   inventory, including estimated future selling prices, timing of product sales, and completion costs for work in process; and
•   property, plant, and equipment, including determination of values in a continued-use model.
consolidation: we have interests in entities that are vies. determining whether to consolidate a vie requires judgment in assessing whether an entity is a vie and if we are the entity's primary beneficiary. if we are the primary beneficiary of a vie, we are required to consolidate it. to determine if we are the primary beneficiary, we evaluate whether we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the vie's economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the vie that could potentially be significant to the vie. our evaluation includes identification of significant activities and an assessment of our ability to direct those activities based on governance provisions and arrangements to provide or receive product and process technology, product supply, operations services, equity funding, financing, and other applicable agreements and circumstances. our assessments of whether we are the primary beneficiary of our vies require significant assumptions and judgments.
contingencies: we are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies. significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of a loss, if any, from such contingencies. an accrual is made when it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an asset has been impaired and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. we accrue a liability and charge operations for the estimated costs of adjudication or settlement of asserted and unasserted claims existing as of the balance sheet date. in accounting for the resolution of contingencies, significant judgment may be necessary to estimate amounts pertaining to periods prior to the resolution that are charged to operations in the period of resolution and amounts related to future periods.
goodwill and intangible assets: we test goodwill for impairment in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or more frequently if indicators of an impairment exist, to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit with goodwill is less than its carrying value. for reporting units for which this assessment concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value is more than its carrying value, goodwill is considered not impaired and we are not required to perform the goodwill impairment test. qualitative factors considered in this assessment include industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, and other relevant events and factors affecting the fair value of the reporting unit. for reporting units for which this assessment concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value is below the carrying value, goodwill is tested for impairment by determining the fair value of each reporting unit and comparing it to the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting unit. if the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is considered not impaired. if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, then we would record an impairment loss up to the difference between the carrying value and implied fair value.
determining when to test for impairment, the reporting units, the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, and the fair value of the reporting unit requires significant judgment and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates, forecasted manufacturing costs, and other expenses and are developed as part of our long-range planning process. the same estimates are used in business planning, forecasting, and capital budgeting as part of our long-term manufacturing capacity analysis. we test the reasonableness of the output of our long-range planning process by calculating an implied value per share and comparing that to current stock prices, analysts' consensus pricing, and management's expectations. these estimates and assumptions are used to calculate projected future cash flows for the reporting unit, which are discounted using a risk-adjusted rate to estimate a fair value. the discount rate requires determination of appropriate market comparables. we base fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. actual future results may differ from those estimates. during the fourth quarter of 2019, we performed a sensitivity analysis for goodwill impairment with respect to each of our respective reporting units and determined that a hypothetical 10% decline in the fair value of each reporting unit would not result in an impairment of goodwill for any reporting unit.
we test other identified intangible assets with definite useful lives when events and circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable by comparing the carrying amount to the sum of undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. we test intangible assets with indefinite lives annually for impairment using a fair value method such as discounted cash flows. estimating fair values involves significant assumptions, including future sales prices, sales volumes, costs, and discount rates.
income taxes: we are required to estimate our provision for income taxes and amounts ultimately payable or recoverable in numerous tax jurisdictions around the world. these estimates involve significant judgment and interpretations of regulations and are inherently complex. resolution of income tax treatments in individual jurisdictions may not be known for many years after completion of the applicable fiscal year. we are also required to evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets on an ongoing basis in accordance with u.s. gaap, which requires the assessment of our performance and other relevant factors. realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income. in recent periods, our results of operations have benefitted from increases in the amount of deferred taxes we expect to realize, primarily from the levels of capital spending and increases in the amount of taxable income we expect to realize in japan and the united states. our income tax provision or benefit is dependent, in part, on our ability to forecast future taxable income in these and other jurisdictions. such forecasts are inherently difficult and involve significant judgments including, among others, projecting future average selling prices and sales volumes, manufacturing and overhead costs, levels of capital spending, and other factors that significantly impact our analyses of the amount of net deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized.
inventories: inventories are stated at the lower of average cost or net realizable value. cost includes depreciation, labor, material, and overhead costs, including product and process technology costs. determining net realizable value of inventories involves significant judgments, including projecting future average selling prices and future sales volumes. to project average selling prices and sales volumes, we review recent sales volumes, existing customer orders, current contract prices, industry analyses of supply and demand, seasonal factors, general economic trends, and other information. when these analyses reflect estimated net realizable values below our manufacturing costs, we record a charge to cost of goods sold in advance of when inventories are actually sold. differences in forecasted average selling prices used in calculating lower of cost or net realizable value adjustments can result in significant changes in the estimated net realizable value of product inventories and accordingly the amount of write-down recorded. for example, a 5% variance in the estimated selling prices would have changed the estimated net realizable value of our inventory by approximately $469 million as of august 29, 2019. due to the volatile nature of the semiconductor memory and storage markets, actual selling prices and volumes often vary significantly from projected prices and volumes; as a result, the timing of when product costs are charged to operations can vary significantly.
u.s. gaap provides for products to be grouped into categories in order to compare costs to net realizable values. the amount of any inventory write-down can vary significantly depending on the determination of inventory categories. we review the major characteristics of product type and markets in determining the unit of account for which we perform the lower of average cost or net realizable value analysis and categorize inventories primarily as memory (including dram, nand, and other memory).
property, plant, and equipment: we periodically assess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment based on technology node transitions, capital spending, and equipment re-use rates. we also review the carrying value of property, plant, and equipment for impairment when events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and/or disposition. in cases where undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the assets. the estimate of future cash flows involves numerous assumptions which require significant judgment by us, including, but not limited to, future use of the assets for our operations versus sale or disposal of the assets, future selling prices for our products and future production and sales volumes. in addition, significant judgment is required in determining the groups of assets for which impairment tests are separately performed.
research and development: costs related to the conceptual formulation and design of products and processes are expensed as r&d as incurred. determining when product development is complete requires significant judgment. we deem development of a product complete once the product has been thoroughly reviewed and tested for performance and reliability. subsequent to product qualification, product costs are included in cost of goods sold.
revenue recognition: revenue is primarily recognized at a point in time when control of the promised goods is transferred to our customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods. contracts with our customers are generally short-term in duration at fixed, negotiated prices with payment generally due shortly after delivery. we estimate a liability for returns using the expected value method based on historical rates of return. in addition, we generally offer price protection to our distributors, which is a form of variable consideration that decreases the transaction price. we use the expected value method, based on historical price adjustments and current pricing trends, to estimate the amount of revenue recognized from sales to distributors. differences between the estimated and actual amounts are recognized as adjustments to revenue.
stock-based compensation: stock-based compensation is estimated at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense using the straight-line amortization method over the requisite service period. for performance-based stock awards, the expense recognized is dependent on our assessment of the likelihood of the performance measure being achieved. we utilize forecasts of future performance to assess these probabilities and this assessment requires significant judgment.
determining the appropriate fair-value model and calculating the fair value of stock-based awards at the grant date requires significant judgment, including estimating stock price volatility and expected option life. we develop these estimates based on historical data and market information which can change significantly over time. a small change in the estimates used can result in a relatively large change in the estimated valuation. we use the black-scholes option valuation model to value employee stock options and awards granted under our employee stock purchase plan. we estimate stock price volatility based on an average of historical volatility and the implied volatility derived from traded options on our stock.
recently adopted accounting standards see "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - recently adopted accounting standards."
recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted see "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted."