During fiscal 2014, we continued to experience strong adoption of our creative cloud subscription offerings which has caused our creative cloud subscription revenue to increase as compared to the year-ago period. The shift towards creative cloud subscriptions and enterprise term license agreements (ETLAs) has transformed our business model, driving higher long-term revenue growth through an expansion of our customer base by acquiring new users through a lower cost of entry and delivery of additional features and value, as well as keeping existing customers current on our latest release. This model drives our revenue to be more recurring and predictable as revenue is recognized ratably. We continue to implement strategies that will accelerate awareness, consideration, and purchase of subscriptions to our creative cloud offering, which includes increasing the value creative cloud users receive. Our digital marketing segment provides solutions and services for how digital advertising and marketing are created, managed, executed, measured, and optimized. Our Adobe Marketing Cloud includes six solutions addressing the expanding needs of marketers, including Adobe Campaign, a cross-channel campaign management tool acquired through the acquisition of Neolane. Revenue from Adobe Marketing Cloud increased 15% during fiscal 2014 compared to the year-ago period, driven by strong adoption across our portfolio of solutions. We believe this licensing and revenue mix shift occurring with Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) and Adobe Campaign is resulting in larger customer engagements, more predictable revenue, as well as higher long-term revenue growth. The increase in subscription revenue as a percentage of total revenue reflects our transition to a subscription-based model, with subscription revenue increasing to 50% from 28% in fiscal 2013. Our total digital media annual recurring revenue (ARR) grew to $1.95 billion at the end of fiscal 2014, demonstrating the progress we have made with the transformation of our business to a more recurring, ratable, and predictable revenue model. The strategic resource allocation towards research and development, including recruiting and hiring software developers, is critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and is directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced products. We believe that investments in technology capabilities are essential for enhancing operational efficiency and achieving business transformation. Our consulting revenue is recognized on a time and materials basis and is measured monthly based on input measures, such as hours incurred to date compared to total estimated hours to complete. The increase in costs associated with compensation and related benefits driven by additional headcount reflects our focus on enhancing our IT capabilities to support business needs. We have established vendor-specific objective evidence for our software maintenance and support services, which are critical for ensuring information reliability and operational flexibility. The integration of acquired companies into our digital marketing segment has been pivotal in enhancing our IT architecture and governance, thereby improving our organizational capabilities and performance outcomes.