Aflac undertakes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements. We caution readers that the following factors, in addition to other factors mentioned from time to time, could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements: ability to continue to develop and implement improvements in information technology systems; interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems; and ineffective risk management policies and procedures. The preparation and evaluation of critical accounting estimates involve the use of various assumptions developed from management's analyses and judgments. The application of these critical accounting estimates determines the values at which 93% of our assets and 73% of our liabilities are reported as of December 31, 2014, and thus has a direct effect on net earnings and shareholders' equity. The identification of distressed investments, the determination of fair value if not publicly traded and the assessment of whether a decline is other than temporary involve significant management judgment. Management updates its evaluations regularly and reflects impairment losses in the company's income statement as such evaluations are revised. Our derivative activities include foreign currency, interest rate and credit default swaps in variable interest entities (VIEs) that are consolidated; foreign currency swaps associated with certain senior notes and our subordinated debentures; and foreign currency forwards and options used in hedging foreign exchange risk. The fair values of the derivatives referenced above are based on the amounts we would expect to receive or pay to terminate the derivatives. We routinely review our investments that have experienced declines in fair value to determine if the decline is other than temporary. The ability to effectively manage key executive succession; changes in law or regulation by governmental authorities; and the ability to attract and retain qualified sales associates and employees are also critical factors. We have developed a unique Aflac-branded cancer product for Japan Post and Kampo that was introduced on October 1, 2014. In the fourth quarter of 2014, the number of postal outlets selling our cancer products expanded to approximately 10,000, and Japan Post intends to further expand the number of post offices that offer Aflac's cancer products to 20,000 postal outlets by the end of the first quarter of 2016. We believe this alliance with Japan Post will further benefit our cancer insurance sales. Our sales target and focus in 2015 will continue to be centered around the sale of Aflac Japan's third sector products, including cancer and medical. We are regularly evaluating the marketplace to identify opportunities to bring the most relevant, cost-effective products to our customers. Our investment strategy incorporates asset-liability matching (ALM) to align the expected cash flows of the portfolio to the needs of the company's liability structure. We have also entered into interest rate swaptions to mitigate increases in U.S. interest rates and the related impact to the available-for-sale investment portfolio in Japan. In addition, we have designated certain of the parent company's yen-denominated liabilities as non-derivative hedging instruments and certain foreign currency forwards and options as derivative hedges of our net investment in Aflac Japan. The yen net asset figure calculated for hedging purposes differs from the yen-denominated net asset position as discussed in the currency risk subsection of MD&A. We monitor the estimated fair values obtained from our custodian, pricing vendors and brokers for consistency from month to month, while considering current market conditions. We also periodically discuss with our custodian and pricing brokers and vendors the pricing techniques they use to monitor the consistency of their approach and periodically assess the appropriateness of the valuation level assigned to the values obtained from them.