We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokers, agents, and administrators act as intermediaries between insurers and their customers. Our acquisition program and our integration efforts are meeting our expectations. The integration costs in 2014 were primarily related to technology costs, the onboarding of over 1,700 employees, and incentive compensation. We expect that our international revenue will continue to grow as a percentage of our total revenues in 2015 compared to 2014, given the number and size of the non-U.S. acquisitions that we completed in the latter part of 2013 and in 2014. We have generated positive organic growth in the last sixteen quarterly periods in both our brokerage and risk management segments. Our operating results improved in 2014 compared to 2013 in both our brokerage and risk management segments. We achieved these results by, among other things, demonstrating expense discipline and headcount control, continuing to pursue our acquisition strategy, and generating organic growth in our core businesses. The increase in operating expense in 2014 compared to 2013 was due primarily to increases in technology expenses, which were related to the onboarding of employees and integration of acquired businesses with our IT-related systems. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to favorable timing differences in the payment of accrued liabilities and an increased amount of non-cash charges in 2014 compared to 2013. We expect the historically favorable trend in earnings before income taxes, adjusted for non-cash items, to continue in the foreseeable future because we intend to continue to expand our business through organic growth from existing operations and growth through acquisitions. The premium financing debt facility provides funding for the three acquired Australian and New Zealand premium finance subsidiaries. We anticipate that we will continue to use cash flows from operations and, if needed, borrowings under the credit agreement and private placement debt to fund acquisitions. The full integration of the Bollinger operations into our existing operations was completed in the fourth quarter of 2014, and the Crombie/Oamps integration costs in 2014 were primarily related to technology costs. Our retail brokerage operations negotiate and place property/casualty, employer-provided health and welfare insurance, and retirement solutions, principally for middle-market commercial, industrial, public entity, religious, and not-for-profit entities. The increase in employee headcount in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily relates to the addition of employees associated with the acquisitions that we completed in 2014 and new production hires. We believe that the production and sale of refined coal at these plants are qualified to receive refined coal tax credits under IRC section 45. The law that provides for IRC section 45 tax credits expires in December 2019 for the fourteen plants we built and placed in service in 2009 and in December 2021 for the fifteen plants we built and placed in service in 2011. Our major sources of operating revenues are commissions, fees, and supplemental and contingent commissions from brokerage operations and fees from risk management operations. We expect to use these additional earnings to continue our mergers and acquisition strategy in our core brokerage and risk management operations.