The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements. Our continuing operations are reported in three segments: domestic rental and management, international rental and management and network development services. In evaluating operating performance in each business segment, management uses, among other factors, segment gross margin and segment operating profit. We define segment gross margin as segment revenue less segment operating expenses, excluding stock-based compensation expense recorded in costs of operations; depreciation, amortization and accretion; selling, general, administrative and development expense; and other operating expense. The primary factors affecting the revenue growth in our domestic and international rental and management segments are recurring organic revenue, contractual rent escalations on existing tenant leases, new revenue attributable to leasing additional space on our legacy sites, and new revenue attributable to sites acquired or constructed since the beginning of the prior year period. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate, in turn, is influenced by the growth of wireless communications services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, the financial performance of our tenants and their access to capital, and general economic conditions. We continue to believe that our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless communications services and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our wireless real estate. Our legacy site portfolio and our established tenant base provide us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth as wireless carriers seek to increase the coverage and capacity of their existing networks, while also deploying next generation wireless technologies. In addition, we expect to continue to supplement the organic growth on our legacy sites by selectively developing or acquiring new sites in our existing and in new markets where we can achieve our risk-adjusted return on investment objectives. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities is dependent upon the demand for our communications sites and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites. The loan agreements for our credit facilities contain certain financial and operating covenants and other restrictions applicable to us and our subsidiaries that are not designated as unrestricted subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. These include limitations on additional debt, distributions and dividends, guaranties, sales of assets and liens. The loan agreements also contain covenants that establish three financial tests with which we and our restricted subsidiaries must comply related to total leverage, senior secured leverage, and interest coverage. Our liquidity is dependent on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. We believe that the debt agreements discussed represent our material debt agreements that contain covenants, our compliance with which would be material to an investor’s understanding of our financial results and the impact of those results on our liquidity.