We are a leading supplier of cloud networking solutions that use software innovations to address the needs of large-scale internet companies, cloud service providers, and next-generation data centers for enterprises. Our cloud networking solutions deliver industry-leading performance, scalability, availability, programmability, automation, and visibility. The programmability of our extensible operating system (EOS) has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics, and has also allowed us to rapidly integrate with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. We have continued to introduce new products utilizing EOS, and our revenue has continued to grow rapidly as we have expanded the functionality of our EOS software and increased the size of our sales force. We believe that our cloud networking platform addresses the large and growing cloud networking segment of data center switching, which remains in the early stage of adoption. We intend to continue investing in our research and development organization to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS, allowing us to leverage the investments made by merchant silicon vendors to achieve cost-effective solutions. We work closely with third parties to manufacture and deliver our products, and our sales organization is supported by systems engineers with deep technical expertise responsible for pre-sales technical support and engineering for our end customers. We face intense competition, especially from larger, well-established companies, and we must continue to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform to succeed in our market. Our business and results of operations will be significantly affected by the speed with which organizations implement cloud networks. We expect that a substantial portion of our future sales will be follow-on sales to existing end customers, as they are familiar with the operational and economic benefits of our cloud networking solutions. Our ability to sustain our revenue growth will depend, in part, upon our continued sales of more robust configurations of our products. We believe that increasing channel leverage will extend and improve our engagement with a broad set of customers. We expect to continue to invest heavily in software development to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform, introduce new products, and build upon our technology leadership. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, with the remainder being prototype expenses, third-party engineering and contractor support costs, and an allocated portion of facility and IT costs and depreciation. Our research and development efforts are focused on maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products and on new product development, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we expand our sales and marketing efforts worldwide and expand our relationships with current and future channel partners and end customers. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, together with cash flow from operations, will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements and our growth strategies for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of our spending to support research and development activities, and the introduction of new and enhanced product and service offerings.