We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets and we have a direct sales force focused on supporting large OEMs. The demand for our products has been affected in the past, and is likely to continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including our ability to define specifications for, develop or acquire, complete, introduce and market, new products and technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner. Our ability to manage inventory and the rate at which our present and future customers and end-users adopt our products and technologies in our target markets are critical to our operational efficiency. The timing, rescheduling or cancellation of expected customer orders can impact our business performance and financial condition. We recognize revenue from sales of our products to distributors upon delivery of product to the distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. Our research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs for our engineers engaged in the design and development of our products and technologies, including computer services costs related to supporting computer tools used in the engineering and design process. We expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future, due to the increasing complexity and number of products we plan to develop. Our selling, general and administrative expenses include compensation and associated costs for sales and marketing personnel, which are critical for maintaining our competitive advantage. The increase in selling, general and administrative expense was primarily due to the LSI acquisition. The amortization of intangible assets is expected to be substantially higher in future periods, primarily as a result of significant increases in amortizable intangible assets from recent acquisitions. We incurred total restructuring charges primarily due to employee termination costs following the LSI acquisition, which reflects our ongoing efforts to align our operational capabilities with strategic objectives. Our liquidity and capital resources are influenced by various factors, including our cash flows, which are determined by future operating performance and are subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions. Our cash and cash equivalents increased significantly due to proceeds from term loans and convertible notes, which are essential for funding acquisitions and operational needs. We anticipate that our capital expenditures will be higher due to ongoing capacity expansion and expenditures related to research and development projects. The aggregate consideration for the acquisition of LSI was approximately $6.5 billion, which reflects our strategic resource allocation to enhance our technology capabilities. We may also elect to sell additional debt or equity securities or increase our aggregate term loans and revolving credit commitments capacity to support our growth initiatives. Our ability to service any indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which is influenced by our operational efficiency and market dynamics. The contractual obligations and commitments we have entered into, including purchase commitments and other contractual commitments related to outsourced services, highlight the importance of effective resource management in achieving our organizational goals.