Our core mission is to protect life and truth through technologies that make communities safer. We have developed a fully integrated hardware and software solution to provide our law enforcement customers the capabilities to capture, store, manage, share, and analyze video and other digital evidence. Technological innovation is the foundation for our long-term growth, and we intend to maintain our commitment to the research and development of our technology for both new and existing products that further our mission. Our research and development efforts in 2014 were primarily focused on refining our evidence.com services and exploring next-generation hardware for our taser weapons and axon segments. We believe that the video evidence capture and management market will continue to grow significantly due to several factors, including increasing recognition of the benefits and value of video evidence and other mobile technologies. In 2015, we expect to devote significant resources towards both the development of the next revenue-generating product for our axon segment and additional functionality for our existing SaaS. We aim to work closely with our customers to develop new value-added features to our existing platform that are necessary to optimize their workflows, as well as develop adjacent technologies in wearables, cloud, and mobile devices. Our strategy is to create a dominant market position in domestic law enforcement and internationally over time. We have expanded our axon sales team and expect the additional salesforce to generate increased bookings. We expect to continue our concerted efforts to promote the awareness of the benefits of digital evidence management in general and evidence.com specifically, throughout the law enforcement community. We experienced increasing volumes of trial programs in 2014 and believe these trial programs are the best way for our customers to see the powerful capabilities, benefits, and compelling value proposition of our technology. We anticipate further increases in these trial programs in 2015, ultimately leading to increased sales. Our strategy includes maintaining incremental sales channels by continuing to develop purchasing programs that position the company to own municipality budget lines and become the ongoing technology provider for our customers in order to drive sales growth. We intend to continue to place emphasis on supporting our military customers through our team of professionals with extensive military, homeland defense, and law enforcement experience. The primary focus of this team is to support military use for our existing hardware as well as increase technology development through contracted support. We have also established industry-leading training services to provide our users a comprehensive overview of legal, policy, medical, and risk mitigation issues relating to our products and the use of force. Our operations are comprised of two reportable segments; the sale of conducted electrical weapons, accessories, and other products and services, and the axon video business, focused on wearables, cloud, and mobile products, including axon video products, taser cam, and evidence.com. The increase in net sales for 2014 compared to 2013 in the taser weapons segment was primarily driven by the introduction of the taser x26p smart weapon, while in the axon segment, the increase in net sales was driven by the continued adoption of the axon on-officer cameras and evidence.com application in the law enforcement markets. We believe that our investments in technology and innovation will enhance our operational efficiency and support our strategic initiatives, ultimately contributing to our competitive advantage in the market.