Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses - commercial airplanes and defense, space & security (bds) - supplemented and supported by boeing capital (bcc). We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands and we price our products and services to provide a fair return for our shareholders while continuing to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality. BDS integrates its resources in defense, intelligence, communications, security, space and services to deliver capability-driven solutions to its customers at reduced costs. Our BDS strategy is to leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets, underscored by an intense focus on growth and productivity. We continue to leverage our extensive customer support services network which includes aviation support, spare parts, training, maintenance documents and technical advice for airlines throughout the world. This enables us to provide a high level of customer satisfaction and productivity. The commercial jet airplane market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive. Market liberalization in Europe and Asia is enabling low-cost airlines to continue gaining market share. These airlines are increasing the pressure on airfares, resulting in continued cost pressures for all airlines and price pressure on our products. Major productivity gains are essential to ensure a favorable market position at acceptable profit margins. Continued access to global markets remains vital to our ability to fully realize our sales potential and long-term investment returns. We face aggressive international competitors who are intent on increasing their market share. They offer competitive products and have access to most of the same customers and suppliers. Competitors routinely respond to a relatively weaker U.S. dollar by aggressively reducing costs and increasing productivity, thereby improving their longer-term competitive posture. We are focused on improving our processes and continuing cost-reduction efforts. Our commercial airplanes segment predominantly uses program accounting to account for cost of sales, while BDS predominantly uses contract accounting. The estimation of total sales and costs through completion is complicated and subject to many variables. Total contract sales estimates are based on negotiated contract prices and quantities, modified by our assumptions regarding contract options, change orders, incentive and award provisions associated with technical performance, and price adjustment clauses. The majority of our contracts are with the U.S. government where the price is generally based on estimated cost to produce the product or service plus profit. Revenue and cost estimates for all significant contracts are reviewed and reassessed quarterly. Changes in these estimates could result in recognition of cumulative catch-up adjustments to the contract's inception to date revenues, cost of sales and profit, in the period in which such changes are made. The development and ongoing production of commercial aircraft is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with suppliers and highly-skilled labor from thousands of employees and other partners. Meeting or exceeding our performance and reliability standards, as well as those of customers and regulators, can be costly and technologically challenging. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks.