We continue to focus on executing our system design enablement, or SDE, strategy to deliver the technologies necessary for integrated system and SoC design with an end product in mind. Our growing core EDA business is at the heart of our SDE strategy and is complemented by our business in IP, system interconnect and analysis, system level design, and hardware-software development. Our business serves customers that are driven by end-user demand for electronics systems, ICs, and devices that are smaller, use less power, and provide more functionality. We offer innovative solutions to help our customers meet these demands. Our future performance depends on our ability to innovate, commercialize newly developed solutions, and enhance and maintain our current products. We must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards, and meet our customers' increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality, and predictability requirements. We expect to continue to invest in research and development and customer and partner relationships. We have identified certain items that management uses as performance indicators to manage our business, including revenue, certain elements of operating expenses, and cash flow from operations. Our ability to achieve a consistent revenue mix such that approximately 90% of our revenue is recurring in nature may be impacted primarily by hardware sales. We believe our reported revenue and the amount of revenue recognized in future periods will depend on, among other things, the competitiveness of our technology and the size, duration, timing, terms, and type of contract renewals with existing customers, additional sales to existing customers, and sales to new customers. Our operating expenses include marketing and sales, research and development, and general and administrative expenses. Factors that cause our operating expenses to fluctuate include changes in the number of employees due to hiring and acquisitions, foreign exchange rates, stock-based compensation, and the impact of our variable compensation programs that are driven by overall operating results. We expect our operating expenses to generally increase during fiscal 2015, primarily due to expected hiring of additional employees and because fiscal 2015 will include a full year of operating expenses for additional research and development and sales personnel added during fiscal 2014 through hiring and our fiscal 2014 acquisitions. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by business levels and the payment terms set forth in our license agreements. The decrease in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2014, as compared to fiscal 2013, was primarily due to the timing of cash receipts from customers, working capital requirements, payments under our recent restructuring plans, payments for our voluntary early retirement program, and an increase in cash paid for taxes. We expect that cash flows from operating activities will fluctuate in future periods due to a number of factors, including our operating results, tax payments, and the timing of our billings, collections, and disbursements. We expect to continue our investing activities, including purchasing property, plant and equipment, purchasing intangible assets, business combinations, purchasing software licenses, and making long-term equity investments. The allocation of the purchase price requires us to make significant estimates in determining the fair values of these acquired assets and assumed liabilities, especially with respect to intangible assets and goodwill. These estimates can include, but are not limited to, the cash flows that an acquired business is expected to generate in the future and the appropriate weighted-average cost of capital. Our restructuring plans may not achieve the benefits anticipated on the timetable or at the level contemplated. Demand for our products and services and, ultimately, our future financial performance, is difficult to predict with any degree of certainty.