We have actively invested in our network and operations, and have improved the quality and value of the products and packages that we offer. We have enhanced our video product by moving to an all-digital platform, offering more HD channels and increasing digital and HD-DVR penetration. We simplified our offers and pricing and improved our packaging of products to bring more value to new and existing customers. As part of our effort to create more value for customers, we have focused on driving penetration of our triple play offering, which includes more than 200 HD channels in most of our markets, video on demand, internet service, and fully-featured voice service. We expect that our enhanced product set combined with improved customer service will lead to lower customer churn and longer customer lifetimes, allowing us to grow our customer base and revenue more quickly and economically. Our business plans include goals for increasing customers and revenue. We expect to continue to grow revenues by increasing the number of products in our current customer homes and obtaining new customers with an improved value offering. We have implemented a number of changes to our organizational structure, selling methods, and operating tactics. We have fully insourced our direct sales workforce and are increasingly insourcing our field operations and call center workforces and modifying the way our sales workforce is compensated, which we believe positions us for better customer service and growth. The increase in programming costs is primarily a result of annual contractual rate adjustments, including increases in amounts paid for retransmission consents, broader carriage of certain networks as a result of our all-digital initiative, and the introduction of new networks to Charter's video offering. We expect programming expenses to continue to increase due to a variety of factors, including annual increases imposed by programmers with additional selling power as a result of media consolidation, increased demands by owners of broadcast stations for payment for retransmission consent or linking carriage of other services to retransmission consent, and additional programming, particularly new sports services. We have a history of net losses. Our net losses are principally attributable to insufficient revenue to cover the combination of operating expenses, interest expenses that we incur because of our debt, depreciation expenses resulting from the capital investments we have made and continue to make in our cable properties, amortization expenses related to our customer relationship intangibles, and non-cash taxes resulting from increases in our deferred tax liabilities. We utilize the cost approach as the primary method used to establish fair value for our property, plant, and equipment in connection with business combinations. The cable industry is capital intensive, and a large portion of our resources are spent on capital activities associated with extending, rebuilding, and upgrading our cable network. We capitalize direct labor and overhead using standards developed from actual costs and applicable operational data. We monitor the appropriateness of our capitalization policies and perform updates to our internal studies on an ongoing basis to determine whether facts or circumstances warrant a change to our capitalization policies. We have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements. Capital expenditures were $2.2 billion, $1.8 billion, and $1.7 billion for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. The increase was driven by approximately $410 million related to our all-digital transition, investment in customer premise equipment to support customer growth, higher product development investments, and ongoing insourcing initiatives. We anticipate 2015 capital expenditures to be driven by growth in residential and commercial customers along with further spend related to product development.