Management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition, focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth, and credit quality metrics. We remain focused on creating value and sustained performance, which includes investing to improve profitability and operational efficiency. Our strategies and actions are designed to deliver and sustain strong returns and capital generation through the acquisition and retention of franchise-enhancing customer relationships across our businesses. We believe that franchise-enhancing customer relationships create and sustain significant long-term value through low risk-adjusted credit costs, long and loyal customer relationships, and a gradual build in loan balances and revenues over time. We intend to grow these customer relationships by continuing to invest in scalable infrastructure and operating platforms, enabling us to meet heightened risk management expectations and deliver a "brand-defining" customer experience that builds and sustains a valuable, long-term customer franchise. Our actions have created a well-positioned balance sheet with strong capital and liquidity. We expect growth in full-year revenues driven by growth in average loans, and we anticipate that full-year marketing and operating expenses will both be higher than in the previous year. We also expect that the full-year efficiency ratio will vary significantly from quarter to quarter based on factors such as day count, the timing of growth and associated revenues, and the timing of investments throughout the year. We have established liquidity practices intended to ensure we have sufficient asset-based liquidity to withstand potential impacts from deposit attrition or diminished liquidity in the funding markets. Our liquidity reserves consist of readily-marketable or pledgable assets that can be used as a source of liquidity if needed. We employ several techniques to manage our interest rate and foreign exchange risk, including altering the duration and re-pricing characteristics of our various assets and liabilities through interest rate derivatives. The outstanding notional amount of our derivative contracts totaled $88.6 billion as of December 31, 2014, driven by an increase in our hedging activities. We regularly evaluate, update, and enhance our assumptions, models, and analytical tools to reflect our best assessment of the market environment and the expected behavior patterns of our existing assets and liabilities. Our risk framework provides an overall enterprise-wide approach for effectively managing risk, structured around governance, processes, and people. We recognize that compliance requirements for financial institutions are increasingly complex, and we continuously evaluate the regulatory environment to adjust our compliance risk program accordingly. Our credit risk management policies and procedures are designed to ensure our credit portfolio is resilient to economic downturns, and we monitor our portfolio to take steps to collect or work out distressed loans. The chief risk officer is responsible for establishing credit risk policies and procedures, including underwriting and hold guidelines, and monitoring credit exposure and performance. We also recognize the importance of managing operational risk on a day-to-day basis and have implemented appropriate operational risk management policies, standards, processes, and tools to enable the delivery of high-quality and consistent customer experiences.