We provide vehicle sellers with a full range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the internet through our virtual bidding third generation internet auction-style sales technology, which we refer to as vb3. We monitor and analyze a number of key financial performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of executive management, accounting, data processing, sales personnel, human resources, professional fees, research and development, and marketing expenses. The growth in north america was driven primarily by increased volume as revenue per car remained relatively flat. The increase in general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2014 increased primarily from our international expansion during the prior fiscal year into germany, spain, the u.a.e., and brazil, driven primarily by the acquisition of salvage parent, inc., increased expenditures on technology development, and the overall growth in labor costs, professional services and facilities costs associated with domestic and international expansion. Included in general and administrative costs were depreciation and amortization expenses which were $17.5 million, $16.0 million, and $15.1 million for fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. The increase in yard operations expense for fiscal 2014 was driven by growth in north america, driven by the acquisition of salvage parent, inc., increased volume from what we believe to be an increase in the overall size of the salvage market due to increased salvage frequency, and increases in volume from non-insurance suppliers. We continue to expand and invest in new and existing facilities and standardize the appearance of existing locations. Our capital expenditures are primarily related to lease buyouts of certain facilities, opening and improving facilities, software development, and acquiring yard equipment. We have no material non-cancelable commitments for future capital expenditures as of July 31, 2014. Included in capital expenditures for fiscal 2014 were capitalized software development costs for new software for internal use and major software enhancements to existing software. The capitalized costs were $16.5 million, $19.3 million and $8.2 million for fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. We recognized a charge of $29.1 million resulting primarily from the impairment of costs previously capitalized in connection with the development of business operating software. Our business is seasonal as inclement weather during the winter months increases the frequency of accidents and consequently, the number of cars involved in accidents which the insurance companies salvage rather than repair. During the winter months, most of our facilities process 10% to 30% more vehicles than at other times of the year. This increased volume requires the increased use of our cash to pay out advances and handling costs of the additional business. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, if we experience significant growth in the future, we may be required to raise additional cash through the issuance of new debt or additional equity. The increase in the cost to process each car was driven primarily by the abnormal costs for temporary storage facilities, premiums for subhaulers, labor costs incurred from overtime, travel and lodging, and equipment associated with hurricane sandy. The increase in the average handling cost per car was driven primarily by growth in normal subhaul, labor, equipment and titling costs, as well as charges associated with severance and lease termination costs primarily associated with the integration of the salvage parent, inc. acquisition.