We are a leading provider of enterprise cloud computing solutions, with a focus on customer relationship management. Our mission is to help our customers transform themselves into "customer companies" by empowering them to connect with their customers in entirely new ways. Key elements of our strategy include strengthening our market-leading solutions, extending distribution into new and high-growth categories, and expanding strategic relationships with our existing customers. We believe the factors that will influence our ability to achieve our objectives include the availability, performance, and security of our service, as well as our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies. Our plans to invest for future growth include the continuation of the expansion of our data center capacity, the hiring of additional personnel, and the development of new services. We regularly evaluate acquisitions or investment opportunities in complementary businesses and technologies in an effort to expand our service offerings. We expect to continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services, including additional database software and the expansion of our current data center capacity. We continue to focus our research and development efforts on adding new features and services, integrating acquired technologies, increasing the functionality and security of our enterprise cloud computing services, and enhancing the ease of use of our offerings. Our proprietary, scalable, and secure multi-tenant architecture enables us to provide all of our customers with a service based on a single version of our application. As a result, we do not have to maintain multiple versions, which enables us to have relatively lower research and development expenses compared to traditional enterprise software companies. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we continue to add employees and invest in technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies. Marketing and sales expenses are our largest cost and consist primarily of salaries and related expenses for our sales and marketing staff, including commissions and payments to partners. We plan to continue to invest in marketing and sales by expanding our domestic and international selling and marketing activities, building brand awareness, and attracting new customers. We expect general and administrative expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we invest in our infrastructure and incur additional employee-related costs. Our typical subscription contract term is 12 to 36 months, and we calculate our attrition rate as of the end of each month. Our attrition rate was between nine and ten percent during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2015. We expect our attrition rate to remain in this range as we continue to expand our enterprise business and invest in customer success and related programs. The cost of revenues primarily consists of expenses related to hosting our service and providing support, the costs of data center capacity, and depreciation or operating lease expenses associated with computer equipment and software. We have increased our headcount significantly to meet the higher demand for services from our customers. We expect the cost of professional services to continue to exceed revenue from professional services in future fiscal years. We believe that this investment in professional services facilitates the adoption of our service offerings.