We design, manufacture, and sell internet protocol (IP) based networking products and services related to the communications and information technology (IT) industry. Our customers include businesses of all sizes, public institutions, telecommunications companies, other service providers, and individuals. We connect people, process, data, and things with products that transport data, voice, and video within buildings, across campuses, and around the world. Our strategy is to deliver integrated architectures, solutions, and outcomes to help our customers grow, manage costs, and mitigate risk. We see our customers, in almost every industry, becoming increasingly reliant on technology—and specifically the network—to meet their business objectives and compete successfully in the market. We believe this focus best positions us to become a more relevant and trusted partner to our customers and to expand our share of our customers' IT spending. We are focused on driving the innovation, speed, agility, and efficiencies in our company required to deliver leading technology solutions for our customers and shareholder value for our investors. We continue to invest in R&D in order to bring a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion. If we believe that we are unable to enter a particular market in a timely manner with internally developed products, we may purchase or license technology from other businesses, or we may partner with or acquire businesses as an alternative to internal R&D. Our product revenue decreased by 3% as compared with fiscal 2013, reflecting declines across all geographic segments as well as across all customer markets. Service revenues experienced slower growth in our Americas and APJC geographic segments while we experienced slightly faster growth in the EMEA segment. The emerging countries of BRICM, in the aggregate, experienced an 11% product revenue decline, with declines across all of our customer markets. We believe that the product revenue declines in many of these emerging countries were driven by the impact of economic and geopolitical challenges in these countries. We expect that the challenges in the emerging countries, the service provider customer market, and product transitions in switching and NGN routing may continue for at least the next several quarters. Our focus continues to be on capitalizing on market transitions to maintain leadership in our core markets and to enter new markets where the network is foundational. We are making changes to how we are organized and how we deliver our technology. We believe these changes enable us to better meet our customers' requirements and help them stay ahead of market transitions. Our gross margin percentage decreased by 2.3 percentage points compared with fiscal 2013, driven by unfavorable impacts from product pricing, which were driven by typical market factors and impacted each of our geographic segments and customer markets. The decrease was also due, in part, to the charge of $655 million to product cost of sales recorded in fiscal 2014 related to the expected cost of remediation of issues with memory components in certain products sold in prior fiscal years. Our future gross margins could be impacted by our product mix and could be adversely affected by further growth in sales of products that have lower gross margins, such as Cisco Unified Computing System products. Our gross margins may also be impacted by the geographic mix of our revenue and may be adversely affected by product pricing attributable to competitive factors.