CSX is focused on meeting customers' needs while improving profitability, which is supported by a relentless focus on using advanced network modeling analytics and tools to create a disciplined, scheduled approach to designing and running its network. The company continues to identify the most efficient, cost-effective routes for customer traffic while providing timely service with the fewest handlings and car miles possible. Through the service excellence initiative, CSX is building a culture that engages all employees and focuses on the value delivered to customers through improved service, which involves engagement from all operating employees and collaboration with sales and marketing employees. Higher levels of customer service and satisfaction support CSX's ability to profitably grow the business by increasing customer retention, price sustainability, and asset utilization. Total service integration (TSI) is intended to align operating capabilities with customers' needs to reduce loading and unloading times and create more capacity. TSI was first implemented on the unit train network, where it has successfully increased the average number of cars per train and improved asset utilization. CSX is implementing TSI for the carload network, which focuses on improving the "first and last mile" service experience for carload customers, providing a more consistent and reliable service product. New tools and technology are allowing the company to communicate more effectively with customers, providing the promised service and proactively notifying them of service status. Enterprise asset management (EAM) focuses on improving the utilization of the company's critical assets, including crews, locomotives, cars, and track infrastructure. Projects are in place to deploy technology, improve processes, and reduce unproductive time. EAM helps reduce the overall expense associated with asset ownership by monitoring the overall condition of equipment, proactively scheduling maintenance, increasing utilization, and effectively managing the investment required for new or replacement assets. By improving asset utilization, CSX expects to sustain long-term operating efficiencies and reduce future capital expenditures associated with asset replacement. These initiatives are designed to improve service levels in a cost-effective manner and enhance the reliability of rail transportation. CSX's intermodal business is an economical and environmentally friendly alternative to transporting freight on highways via truck, connecting major population centers and positioning the company to capture a significant share of the domestic intermodal market opportunity. The ongoing surge in shale drilling for the extraction of oil and natural gas has created opportunities for CSX to serve new energy markets, such as crude oil and liquefied petroleum gases (LPG). The company is capitalizing on the opportunity to move the growing supply of crude oil from domestic oil fields to customers at eastern refineries, providing greater flexibility in source locations compared to pipelines. CSX is also investing in new operating capacity to accommodate growth in the frac sand market, which has expanded rapidly in recent years. The company is committed to maintaining and improving its existing infrastructure and positioning itself for long-term growth through expanding network and terminal capacity, with planned capital investments expected to enhance the capacity, quality, safety, and flexibility of its network.