The companies make forward-looking statements with full knowledge that risks and uncertainties exist that may cause actual results to differ materially from predicted results. Factors that may cause actual results to differ include changes in technology, particularly with respect to new, developing or alternative sources of generation and smart grid technologies. Additionally, changes in demand for the companies' services, including industrial, commercial and residential growth or decline in the companies' service areas, changes in supplies of natural gas delivered to dominion gas' pipeline and processing systems, and changes in customer growth or usage patterns, including as a result of energy conservation programs, are relevant. The companies' strategy is to continue focusing on its regulated businesses while maintaining upside potential in well-positioned nonregulated businesses. The goals of this strategy are to provide earnings per share growth, a growing dividend and to maintain a stable credit profile. In 2015, dominion expects to focus on meeting new and developing environmental requirements, including by making significant investments in utility solar generation, particularly in Virginia. The impact of operational hazards, including adverse developments with respect to pipeline safety or integrity and other catastrophic events, is also a consideration. Dominion's planned capital expenditures are expected to total approximately $5.8 billion, $5.6 billion and $4.6 billion in 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively, including construction and expansion of electric generation and natural gas transmission and storage facilities, construction improvements and expansion of electric transmission and distribution assets, and purchases of nuclear fuel. The strategic investment policies are established based on periodic asset/liability studies, which consider employee demographics, liability growth rates, future discount rates, and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. The selection of cost escalation rates is dependent on subjective factors which are considered to be critical assumptions. The company evaluates whether or not recovery of its regulatory assets through future rates is probable and makes various assumptions in its analysis. The expectations of future recovery are generally based on orders issued by regulatory commissions, legislation or historical experience, as well as discussions with applicable regulatory authorities and legal counsel. The company utilizes cash and letters of credit to fund collateral requirements, which are impacted by commodity prices, hedging levels, dominion's credit ratings, and the credit quality of its counterparties. Additionally, dominion's credit ratings affect its liquidity, cost of borrowing under credit facilities, and collateral posting requirements under commodity contracts. The company has identified various accounting policies that could result in material changes to its financial condition or results of operations under different conditions or using different assumptions. The accounting for dominion's regulated electric and gas operations differs from the accounting for nonregulated operations, as dominion is required to reflect the effect of rate regulation in its consolidated financial statements. The impact of regulatory changes, including those related to climate change and environmental compliance, is also significant for the company's operational strategies and financial performance.