Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables, and the issuance of unsecured debt. We expect operating expenses to increase in 2015, primarily due to planned marketing, technology, and infrastructure investments, as well as increased legal, regulatory, and compliance costs. The anticipated net interest margin compression is due to expected higher funding costs and modest yield declines from growth in promotional balances, run-off of higher-priced balances, and higher interest charge-offs. We continue to face substantial and intense competition in the payments industry, which impacts our revenue margins, transaction volume, and business strategies. We have been working with our European diners club licensees regarding their ability to maintain financing sufficient to support business operations. We may provide additional support in the future, including loans, facilitating transfer of ownership, or acquiring assets or licenses, which may cause us to incur losses. The licensees that we currently consider to be of concern accounted for approximately 4% of diners club revenue for the year ended December 31, 2014. We have undrawn commitments to lend these licensees up to an additional $19 million as of December 31, 2013, subject to collateral requirements stated in the individual agreements. The financial services industry is concerned that the publication of detailed unverified consumer narratives could lead to reputational injury to consumer lenders. The CFPB's analysis of account data and complaints could inform future decisions with respect to regulatory, enforcement, or examination focus, and influence consumers' attitudes about doing business with Discover. We expect regulators to continue taking formal enforcement actions against financial institutions in addition to addressing concerns through non-public supervisory actions or findings. Compliance expenditures have increased significantly for Discover and other financial services firms, and we expect them to continue to increase as regulators remain focused on controls and operational processes. We continue to leverage our network to support our card-issuing business. The anticipated net interest margin compression is due to expected higher funding costs and modest yield declines from growth in promotional balances, run-off of higher-priced balances, and higher interest charge-offs. We expect to be able to satisfy all maturing obligations and fund business operations during the next 12 months by utilizing the funding sources that are currently available to us. We maintain a liquidity risk and funding management policy which outlines the overall framework and general principles for managing the liquidity risk across our businesses. The policy is approved by the board of directors with the implementation responsibilities delegated to the asset and liability management committee (the "ALCO"). We seek to balance the trade-offs between maintaining too much liquidity, which may be costly, with having too little liquidity, which could cause financial distress. We employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity. We developed liquidity early warning indicators ("EWI") to detect initial phases of liquidity stress events and a reporting and escalation process that is designed to be consistent with regulatory guidance. The EWIs include both idiosyncratic and systemic measures, and are monitored on a daily basis and reported to the ALCO regularly. An EWI breach triggers prompt review and decision-making by our senior management team, and in certain instances may lead to the convening of a senior-level response team and activation of the contingency funding plan.