During fiscal 2014, we have used our liquidity and balance sheet flexibility to provide the capital to increase our investments in housing and land inventory, expand our product offerings, geographically expand our operations, and opportunistically pursue business acquisitions. Our operating strategy is focused on leveraging our strong financial and competitive position to generate strong profitability, improve cash flows, and increase our returns on our inventory investments. We believe that housing demand in our individual operating markets is closely tied to each market's economy; therefore, we expect that housing market conditions will vary across our markets. The pace and sustainability of new home demand and our future results could be negatively affected by weakening economic conditions, decreases in the level of employment and housing demand, decreased home affordability, significant increases in mortgage interest rates, or tightening of mortgage lending standards. We are focused on operating each of our communities to optimize the returns on our inventory investments by effectively managing our product offerings, home prices, incentives, sales pace, profit margins, and inventory levels. Our operating strategy includes maintaining a strong cash balance and overall liquidity position, and controlling our level of debt. We have also been actively managing our inventory investments across our operating markets to diversify our geographic risk and optimize returns. Our strategy includes modifying product offerings, sales pace, home prices, and sales incentives as necessary in each of our markets to meet consumer demand, align with finished lot supply and construction activity, and optimize returns on inventory investments and cash flows. We are managing our inventory of homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand, monitoring the number and aging of unsold homes, and aggressively marketing unsold, completed homes in inventory. Our operating strategy has produced positive results in recent years and in fiscal 2014. However, we cannot provide any assurances that the initiatives listed above will continue to be successful, and we may need to adjust components of our strategy to meet future market conditions. We expect that our operating strategy will allow us to increase our profitability while maintaining a strong balance sheet and liquidity position in fiscal 2015. We routinely enter into land/lot option contracts to purchase land or finished lots at predetermined prices on a defined schedule commensurate with planned development or anticipated new home demand. We also purchase undeveloped land that generally is vested with the rights to begin development or construction work, and we plan and coordinate the development of our land into residential lots for use in our homebuilding business. We manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand, monitoring the number and aging of unsold homes, and aggressively marketing our unsold, completed homes in inventory. Our inventories at September 30, 2014, and 2013 are summarized as follows: construction in progress and finished homes, residential land/lots developed and under development, land held for development, and land held for sale. We have significantly increased our investments in land and lot acquisition and land development across all of our market regions in fiscal 2012 and 2013 to expand our operations as market conditions improved. In 2014, we slowed the growth of our land and lot inventories and increased our housing inventories to capture an increased share of new home demand and generate higher returns on our land investments.