Selling, general, administrative and other costs increased primarily due to higher information technology spending driven by mymagic+ and higher marketing costs due to the fall launch of abc programming and more theatrical titles in release. The increase in operating labor was primarily due to inflation, new guest offerings, including mymagic+, and higher volumes, partially offset by lower pension and postretirement medical costs. The increase in infrastructure costs was due to the roll out of mymagic+. The company recorded charges in fiscal 2014 primarily due to severance costs across various of our segments and radio fcc license impairments, which were determined in connection with the plan to sell radio disney stations. The company believes that information about aggregate segment operating income assists investors by allowing them to evaluate changes in the operating results of the company's portfolio of businesses separate from factors other than business operations that affect net income. The increase in depreciation and amortization was due to mymagic+. The company evaluates the performance of its operating segments based on segment operating income, and management uses aggregate segment operating income as a measure of the overall performance of the operating businesses. The increase in operating income was due to growth at our domestic operations partially offset by a decrease at disneyland paris. The increase in segment operating income was due to increases at espn, the domestic disney channels, aetn, abc family, the owned television stations and the abc television network, partially offset by a decrease at the international disney channels. The increase in segment operating income was primarily due to increases at espn and the domestic disney channels and increased equity income from aetn, partially offset by a decrease at broadcasting. The increase in segment operating income was primarily due to increases at our merchandise licensing and retail businesses. The increase in segment operating income was due to growth at our games business and higher licensing fees from our mobile phone business in japan. The company currently expects its fiscal 2015 capital expenditures will be approximately $1.5 billion higher than fiscal 2014 capital expenditures driven by increased investment at shanghai disney resort. The company has various contractual obligations, which are recorded as liabilities in our consolidated financial statements. The company has recognized pension and postretirement medical benefit plan expenses driven by an increase in the assumed discount rate used to measure the present value of plan obligations. The company is required to test goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis and if current events or circumstances require, on an interim basis. The company has certain contractual arrangements that would require the company to make payments or provide funding if certain circumstances occur. The company has exposure for certain tax and legal matters. The company has recognized a liability for the fair value of contingent consideration related to the acquisition of maker studios, inc. The company has various contractual obligations, which are recorded as liabilities in our consolidated financial statements. The company has various contractual obligations, which are recorded as liabilities in our consolidated financial statements. The company has recognized a liability for the fair value of contingent consideration related to the acquisition of maker studios, inc. The company has various contractual obligations, which are recorded as liabilities in our consolidated financial statements. The company has recognized a liability for the fair value of contingent consideration related to the acquisition of maker studios, inc.