Our primary business objectives are to maximize sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share and unit, cash flow and returns to our stockholders and our operating partnership's unitholders through the payment of distributions and return on invested capital. We expect to achieve our objectives by focusing on our core business of investing in and developing technology-related real estate. A significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development and acquisition of new properties. We target high quality, strategically located properties containing applications and operations critical to the day-to-day operations of corporate enterprise datacenter and technology industry tenants. We focus solely on technology-related real estate because we believe that the growth in corporate datacenter adoption and the technology-related real estate industry generally will continue to be superior to that of the overall economy. Our properties contain fully redundant electrical supply systems, multiple power feeds, above-standard cooling systems, raised floor areas, extensive in-building communications cabling and high-level security systems. Our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop space and lease development space at favorable rates, which we may not be able to obtain. Development space requires significant capital investment in order to develop datacenter facilities that are ready for use, and we may require additional time or encounter delays in securing tenants for development space. We have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure that they meet our financial, technical and other criteria. Our portfolio consists primarily of technology-related real estate and datacenter real estate in particular. A decrease in the demand for, or increase in supply of, datacenter space would have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition than if we owned a portfolio with a more diversified tenant base or less specialized use. We believe that demand continues to exceed supply in most markets in which we operate, particularly in Dallas, Northern Virginia and Dublin; whereas we anticipate that our Silicon Valley market may be at risk of significant over-supply. However, until this inventory is leased up, our return on invested capital is negatively impacted. Our development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns, including recessions and adverse developments in the corporate datacenter, internet and data communications and broader technology industries. Any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for datacenter space. Reduced demand could also result from business relocations, including to markets that we do not currently serve. Changes in industry practice or in technology, such as virtualization technology, more efficient computing or networking devices, or devices that require higher power densities than today's devices, could also reduce demand for the physical datacenter space we provide or make the tenant improvements in our facilities obsolete or in need of significant upgrades to remain viable. Our ability to re-lease or renew expiring space at rental rates equal to or in excess of current rental rates will impact our results of operations. We continue to see strong demand in most of our key markets for datacenter space and expect the rental rates we are likely to achieve on any new, re-leased or renewed datacenter space leases for 2015 expirations will generally be higher than the rates currently being paid for the same space. Our expertise in datacenter construction and operations enables us to lease space to these tenants at a premium over other uses.