We regularly evaluate the appropriateness of our reportable segments, particularly in light of organizational changes, merger and acquisition activity and changing laws and regulations. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage health care costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. The potential effect of escalating health care costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in health care costs, including increases in unit costs and utilization resulting from the aging of the population and other demographics, as well as advances in medical technology, may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business, and may have a material impact on our results of operations. We continue to analyze and refine our estimates of the ultimate impact of health care reform on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Health care reform provides growth opportunities for health insurers, but also introduces new risks and uncertainties, and required changes in the way products are designed, underwritten, priced, distributed and administered. We believe our pricing strategy, based on predictive modeling, proprietary research and data-driven processes, as well as our overall investments for health care reform, have positioned us to benefit from the potential growth opportunities available in fully-insured commercial products as a result of health care reform. We are also subject to regulations that may result in assessments under state insurance guarantee association laws. We are aware that the Pennsylvania insurance commissioner has placed Penn Treaty Network America Insurance Company and its subsidiary in rehabilitation, an intermediate action before insolvency. The state court denied the insurance commissioner's petition for the liquidation of Penn Treaty and ordered the insurance commissioner to file an updated plan of rehabilitation. We will continue to monitor the situation and may record a liability and expense in future reporting periods, which could be material to our cash flows and results of operations. In February 2015, we reported that we were the target of a sophisticated external cyber attack. The attackers gained unauthorized access to certain of our information technology systems and obtained personal information related to many of our current and former members and employees. We are in the process of determining the extent of this cyber attack and are supporting federal law enforcement efforts to identify the responsible parties. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. Significant transactions include the acquisition of Simply Healthcare, which aligns with our strategy for continued growth in our government business segment. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. We have achieved strong growth as a result of strategic mergers and acquisitions, and we have also achieved organic growth in our existing markets over time by delivering excellent service, offering competitively priced products, providing access to high-quality provider networks and effectively capitalizing on the brand strength of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield names. We continue to pursue contracting and plan design changes, promote and implement performance-based contracts that reward clinical outcomes and quality, and expand our disease management and advanced care management programs.