The information from the 2014 annual report set forth in exhibit 13 hereto under "results of operations," "business segments," "financial position, capital resources and liquidity," "critical accounting policies," "other items" and "safe harbor statement" is hereby incorporated by reference. Management believes that presenting earnings, earnings per share, return on common stockholders' equity and return on total capital excluding certain gains and losses, impairments or other items is more representative of the company's operational performance and may be more useful for investors. Management closely monitors operating profit and operating profit margin of each business to evaluate past performance and actions required to improve profitability. Free cash flow (operating cash flow less capital expenditures) is an indicator of the company's cash generating capabilities after considering investments in capital assets which are necessary to maintain and enhance existing operations. The determination of operating cash flow adds back noncash depreciation expense to earnings and thereby does not reflect a charge for necessary capital expenditures. Management believes that free cash flow is useful to both management and investors as a measure of the company's ability to generate cash. Non-GAAP financial measures to supplement Emerson's financial information presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) are periodically used by management to clarify and enhance understanding of past performance and prospects for the future. Management believes that the following non-GAAP financial measures provide investors and analysts useful insight into Emerson's financial position and operating performance. Operating profit (defined as net sales less cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses) and operating profit margin (defined as operating profit divided by net sales) are indicative of short-term operational performance and ongoing profitability. Ebit (defined as earnings before deductions for interest expense, net and income taxes) and total segment ebit, and ebit margin (defined as ebit divided by net sales) and total segment ebit margin, are commonly used financial measures that exclude the impact of financing on the capital structure and income taxes. All these measures are utilized by management to evaluate performance. Underlying sales, which exclude the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates during the periods presented, are provided to facilitate relevant period-to-period comparisons of sales growth by excluding those items that impact overall comparability. Earnings, earnings per share, return on common stockholders' equity and return on total capital excluding certain gains and losses, impairments or other items provide additional insight into the underlying, ongoing operating performance of the company and facilitate period-to-period comparisons by excluding the earnings impact of these items.