The medical device industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve. Our success is measured both by the development of innovative products and the value we bring to our stakeholders. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property. To strengthen our leadership and enable future growth opportunities, in 2014 we invested 14.9% of our net sales in research and development. In a consolidating industry, we believe our focus on innovation and a robust product pipeline will continue to help us compete more effectively, sustain our successes, and build long-term value for our shareholders. The increase in research and development expenses in 2014 was due primarily to new aortic and mitral transcatheter heart valve therapy product development efforts, additional investments in clinical studies in the surgical heart valve therapy program, and higher performance-based incentive compensation. The increase in research and development expenses in 2013 was due primarily to additional investments in clinical studies and new product development efforts in the transcatheter heart valve therapy program. We are dedicated to generating robust clinical and economic evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the new healthcare environment, with the goal of enhancing the value of delivering comprehensive care. The $107.7 million increase in net sales in the United States in 2014 was due primarily to transcatheter heart valve therapy, which increased net sales by $85.1 million, driven by commercial sales of the Edwards Sapien XT transcatheter heart valve resulting from the product launch in June 2014, and an increase in clinical sales of the Edwards Sapien 3 transcatheter heart valve. The introduction of the next-generation valves was completed in 2014. The $169.7 million increase in international net sales in 2014 was due primarily to transcatheter heart valve therapy, which increased net sales by $152.4 million, driven primarily by the launch of the Edwards Sapien 3 transcatheter heart valve in Europe and the ongoing launch of the Edwards Sapien XT transcatheter heart valve in Japan. The $124.6 million increase in SG&A expenses in 2014 was due primarily to higher sales and marketing expenses in the United States, Europe, and Japan, mainly to support the transcatheter heart valve therapy program. The $346.5 million in research and development expenses reflects our commitment to innovation and the development of new technologies. We believe that cash held in the United States, in addition to amounts available under credit facilities and cash from operations, are sufficient to fund our United States operating requirements for the next twelve months. Our sources of cash liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, amounts available under credit facilities, and cash from operations. We believe that these sources are sufficient to fund the current requirements of working capital, capital expenditures, and other financial commitments for the next twelve months. We have entered into an APA process between the Switzerland and the United States governments for the years 2009 through 2015 covering transfer pricing matters. These transfer pricing matters are significant to our consolidated financial statements, and the final outcome of the negotiations between the two governments is uncertain. The effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2014 included tax expense associated with the $750.0 million litigation settlement payment received from Medtronic in May 2014. We strive to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach agreement with a tax authority at any time.