We are an independent oil and natural gas company focused on the acquisition, development, exploration, and exploitation of unconventional, onshore oil and natural gas reserves in the Permian Basin in West Texas. Our activities are primarily directed at the Clearfork, Spraberry, Wolfcamp, Cline, Strawn, and Atoka formations. We intend to grow our reserves and production through development drilling, exploitation, and exploration activities on our multi-year inventory of identified potential drilling locations and through acquisitions that meet our strategic and financial objectives, targeting oil-weighted reserves. Our production was approximately 76% oil, 14% natural gas liquids, and 10% natural gas for the year ended December 31, 2014. We expect a 2015 total capital spend of $400.0 million to $450.0 million, consisting of expenditures for horizontal drilling and completions, infrastructure, and non-operated activity. We anticipate that service costs will recalibrate to the current commodity environment and expect costs for a 7,500-foot lateral horizontal well to range from $6.2 million to $6.7 million. Our decision to reduce our rig count is based on our goal of maximizing return on capital and minimizing debt until we can achieve a more attractive return on our assets. We monitor and adjust our projected capital expenditures in response to success or lack of success in drilling activities, changes in prices, availability of financing, and other factors. Our cash flows are sensitive to many variables, with the most significant being the volatility of prices for the oil and natural gas we produce. We utilize commodity derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the price of crude oil, and we recognize all derivative instruments on the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value. Our revenues are derived from the sale of oil and natural gas production, as well as the sale of natural gas liquids that are extracted from our natural gas during processing. Our revenues may vary significantly from period to period as a result of changes in volumes of production sold, production mix, or commodity prices. The industry has recently observed a decline in oil prices, combined with increasing service costs. We are committed to achieving efficiencies in our operations, particularly as we become the operator of wells acquired in our acquisitions. Our future ability to grow proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on the capital resources available to us. We regularly consider which capital resources, including equity and debt financings, are available to meet our future financial obligations, planned capital expenditure activities, and liquidity requirements. Our capital expenditures for drilling and infrastructure were significant, and we spent approximately $845.8 million on acquisitions of leasehold interests. We cannot assure that the needed capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all, which may require us to curtail our drilling programs. Our operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation are critical to our business transformation and performance improvement. We are focused on leveraging our IT capabilities to enhance our operational efficiency and support our business strategies.