Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the U.S. The preparation of these statements requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. We base these estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we consider reasonable under the circumstances; however, reported results could differ from those based on the current estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The areas requiring the use of management's estimates are also discussed in note 1 under the subheading "use of estimates." Management has reviewed the following discussion of its development and selection of critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. The determination of reserves involves numerous uncertainties with respect to the ultimate geology of the ore bodies, including quantities, grades, and recovery rates. Estimating the quantity and grade of mineral reserves requires us to determine the size, shape, and depth of our ore bodies by analyzing geological data. In addition to the geology of our mines, assumptions are required to determine the economic feasibility of mining these reserves, including estimates of future commodity prices and demand, the mining methods we use, and the related costs incurred to develop and mine our reserves. Our estimates of recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves are prepared by and are the responsibility of our employees. A majority of these estimates are reviewed annually and verified by independent experts in mining, geology, and reserve determination. The average amortization rate per BOE was $39.74 in 2014 and $35.54 for the period from June 1, 2013, to December 31, 2013. Our oil and gas depreciation, depletion, and amortization rate for 2015, after the effect of the ceiling test impairments recorded in 2014, is expected to be $36.39 per BOE. Changes to estimates of proved reserves could result in changes to the prospective UOP amortization rate for our oil and gas properties, which could have a significant impact on our results of operations. We perform annual assessments of our existing assets in connection with the review of mine operating and development plans. If it is determined that assigned asset lives do not reflect the expected remaining period of benefit, any change could affect prospective depreciation rates. We review and evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable, and changes to our estimates of recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves could have an impact on our assessment of asset recoverability. Our oil and gas business has significant proved, probable, and possible reserves, a broad range of development opportunities, and high-potential exploration prospects. The business is managed to reinvest its cash flows in projects with attractive rates of returns and risk profiles. Following the recent sharp decline in oil prices, we have taken steps to significantly reduce capital spending plans and near-term oil and gas growth initiatives in order to preserve cash flows and resources for anticipated improved market conditions in the future. We are also evaluating third-party participation in our oil and gas projects to provide additional funding. Our consolidated operating cash flows vary with prices realized from copper, gold, molybdenum, and oil, our sales volumes, production costs, income taxes, other working capital changes, and other factors. We remain committed to a strong balance sheet and will take prudent actions in response to market conditions.