We provide high-performance cyber security solutions to some of the largest enterprises, service providers, and government organizations across the globe, including a majority of the 2014 Fortune 100. Our cyber security solutions are designed to provide broad, high-performance protection against dynamic security threats while simplifying the IT infrastructure of our end-customers worldwide. Our core product platform is the Fortigate physical and virtual appliance, which ships with a set of broad security services, including firewall, VPN, application control, intrusion prevention, web filtering, and advanced threat protection. These security services are enabled by Fortiguard, which provides extensive threat research and a global cloud network to deliver protection services to each Fortigate appliance. We derive a substantial majority of product sales from our Fortigate appliances, which range from the Fortigate-20 to -100 series, designed for small businesses, to the Fortigate-1000 to -5000 series for large enterprises and service providers. Our network security platform also includes our Fortiguard security subscription services, which end-customers can subscribe to in order to obtain access to dynamic updates to application control, anti-virus, intrusion prevention, web filtering, and anti-spam functionality. End-customers often use Fortimanager and Fortianalyzer products in conjunction with a Fortigate deployment to provide centralized management and analysis and reporting capabilities. We continue to invest in research and development to strengthen our technology leadership position and believe that continued product innovation has strengthened our technology and resulted in market share gains. Our sales strategy is based on a distribution model whereby we primarily sell our products and services directly to distributors who sell to resellers and service providers, who, in turn, sell to our end-customers. We monitor key financial metrics to evaluate growth trends, establish budgets, measure the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts, and assess operational efficiencies. Our total revenue is comprised of product revenue generated from sales of our appliances and services revenue generated primarily from Fortiguard security subscription and Forticare technical support services. We recognize revenue from these services ratably over the service performance period. Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses, with personnel costs being the most significant component. We expect personnel costs to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we hire new employees. Our operating activities during fiscal 2014 provided $196.6 million in cash as a result of profitability, timing of billings and collections, and the ability to successfully manage our working capital. We have made significant investments in sales and marketing to increase brand awareness and grow our global sales force and distribution channels to expand our global presence both geographically and by industry segment. We continue to focus on selling to large customers, such as enterprises, service providers, and government organizations worldwide. The increase in product revenue was primarily driven by greater sales volume in our Fortigate product due to increased demand for our high-end products from large enterprise and service provider customers. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, and the introduction of new and enhanced products and services offerings.