Approximately 60 percent of our revenues are from the U.S. government, and our financial performance is impacted by U.S. government spending levels, particularly defense spending. Over the past several years, U.S. defense spending has been reduced, affecting our information systems and technology group. The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment and our proven track record of successful contract execution. We continue to pursue opportunities outside the U.S. presented by demand for military equipment and information technologies from our non-U.S. operations. The information systems and technology group's revenues in 2014 were lower than 2013, primarily due to decreased U.S. Army spending on certain programs, including mobile communication systems and IT solutions. Despite the revenue decline, the group's operating margins increased due to solid operating performance and ongoing cost-reduction efforts across all lines of business. As part of these efforts, we consolidated two businesses in the group effective in January 2015 to be more efficient and responsive to our customers. The decrease in operating costs in 2014 was due to improved performance in aircraft manufacturing and significant cost reductions in the information systems and technology group. The information systems and technology group's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and is reconstituted each year with new programs and task order awards. The group's total backlog was $8.6 billion at the end of 2014, with significant contract awards received in 2014, including support for the Canadian maritime helicopter project and the U.K.'s Bowman tactical communication system. We expect 2015 revenues in the information systems and technology group to decrease approximately 5.5 percent from 2014, as some of 2014's anticipated revenue reduction flows into 2015. Our emphasis on effective program execution and cost-reduction activities across the business supports our operational efficiency and enhances our IT capabilities. The majority of our revenues are recognized using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting, and we account for revenues and earnings as work progresses, either as products are produced or as services are rendered. We estimate the profit on a contract as the difference between the total estimated revenue and the total estimated costs of a contract and recognize that profit over the life of the contract. We regularly assess the probability of recovery of deferred contract costs, which include costs incurred in the performance of government contracts that are recorded under GAAP but are not allocable currently to contracts. Our contractual arrangements with the U.S. government provide for the recovery of benefit costs for our government retirement plans. We have elected to defer recognition of the benefit costs that cannot currently be allocated to contracts to provide a better matching of revenues and expenses. The impact of these changes in estimates could affect the profitability of our contracts, and we review our performance monthly and update our contract-related estimates at least annually. The information technology capabilities have been evolving in scope to encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships, underscoring the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities.