In the three months ended March 31, 2014, we changed our managerial and financial reporting structure to reclassify the results of our Russian subsidiaries previously reported in our GMIO segment to our GME segment. Management uses non-GAAP measures in its financial and operational decision-making processes, for internal reporting and as part of its forecasting and budgeting processes as they provide additional transparency of our core operations. Our strategic plan includes several major initiatives that we anticipate will help us achieve 9% to 10% margins on an EBIT-adjusted basis by early next decade, including developing a strong product pipeline and leading the industry in quality and safety. We continue to implement various strategic actions to strengthen our operations and increase our competitiveness, which include investments in our product portfolio and reducing material, development, and production costs. The success of these actions will depend on a combination of our ability to execute and external factors outside of our control. Our restructuring activities include efforts to rationalize our manufacturing footprint in GME, which will involve significant strategic assessments. We continue to assess additional strategic actions across the region as a result of significant volume pricing and foreign exchange pressures in certain markets. In the year ended December 31, 2014, we performed a strategic assessment of our Russian operations due to a significant deterioration in sales volumes, which indicated that existing long-lived assets and certain investments were not recoverable. Our review resulted in impairment charges treated as an adjustment for EBIT-adjusted reporting purposes. In the year ending December 31, 2015, we expect an increase in EBIT-adjusted and EBIT-adjusted margins due primarily to lower restructuring costs, partially offset by higher engineering, marketing, and depreciation costs. We view the Chinese market as important to our global growth strategy and are employing a multi-brand strategy, led by our Buick and Chevrolet brands, leveraging our global architectures to increase the number of nameplates. Our ability to maintain quality control over our vehicles and avoid material vehicle recalls is critical, as is our ability to maintain adequate liquidity and financing sources required to fund planned significant investments in new technology. We are actively engaging customers and servicing vehicles affected by recalls, and we have produced sufficient parts to repair all vehicles impacted by the ignition switch and ignition cylinder recalls. Our ongoing comprehensive safety review and additional engineering analysis have led to the establishment of a new global product integrity organization responsible for executing high levels of safety performance across all vehicles. We have also initiated a program to encourage employees to report potential safety issues quickly and restructured the safety decision-making process to elevate safety issues to the highest levels of the company. Our calculations of non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies due to potential differences in the method of calculation. The ignition switch recall has led to various governmental investigations and inquiries, and the costs associated with recall campaigns are accrued when they are probable and reasonably estimable. We believe the amounts recorded are adequate to cover the costs of these recall campaigns, and we continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our balance sheet and competitive position over the long term.