The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since our inception, resulting in increasing revenues, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business. As we continue to look for new ways to serve our users, we will invest heavily in research and development (R&D) and our capital expenditures will continue to fluctuate. We continue to make significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus, such as search and advertising, as well as in new products and services. The amount of our capital expenditures has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate in the long term as we invest heavily in our systems, data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. We expect cost of revenues will increase in dollar amount and may increase as a percentage of total revenues in 2015 and future periods, based on a number of factors, including the relative growth rates of revenues from Google websites and from our Google network members' websites, the growth rates of expenses associated with our data center operations, as well as our hardware inventory costs. We expect that R&D expenses will increase in dollar amount and may increase as a percentage of revenues in 2015 and future periods. The increase in R&D expenses was primarily due to an increase in labor and facilities-related costs and an increase in stock-based compensation expense, both largely as a result of an increase in R&D headcount. The increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in labor and facilities-related costs and an increase in stock-based compensation expense, both largely resulting from an increase in general and administrative headcount. We expect general and administrative expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in 2015 and in future periods. Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, as well as the cash flow that we generate from our operations. Our liquidity could be negatively affected by a decrease in demand for our products and services. In addition, we may make acquisitions, increase our capital expenditures, or license products and technologies complementary to our business and may need to raise additional capital through future debt or equity financing to provide for greater flexibility to fund these activities. We have a debt financing program of up to $3.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. As of December 31, 2014, we had $2.0 billion of commercial paper outstanding recorded as short-term debt. Our cash provided by operating activities increased from 2013 to 2014 primarily due to increased net income adjusted for depreciation and loss on disposal of property and equipment and stock-based compensation expense, and a net increase in cash from changes in working capital primarily driven by changes in prepaid revenue share, expenses, and other assets. Cash used in investing activities increased from 2013 to 2014 primarily due to increases in capital expenditures related to our production equipment, data centers, and real estate purchases, higher spend related to acquisitions, and lower proceeds received in 2014 from divestiture of businesses compared to 2013.