In fiscal 2014, we completed a major payment security project that provides enhanced encryption of payment card data at the point of sale in all of our U.S. stores, offering significant new protection for customers. The new security protection takes raw payment card information and scrambles it to make it unreadable to unauthorized users. We are also rolling out enhanced encryption to our Canadian stores and EMV chip-and-pin technology in our U.S. stores, which will add extra layers of payment card protection for customers who use EMV enabled chip-and-pin cards. Our interconnected retail focus connects our key initiatives and is based on building a competitive and seamless platform across all commerce channels. In fiscal 2014, we continued to enhance our website and mobile experience, resulting in increased traffic to our websites, increased online sales conversion rates, and an increase in the number of orders being picked up in our stores. Almost 40% of our online orders are picked up in our stores through our buy online, pick-up in store and buy online, ship to store programs. Additionally, we improved navigation, enhanced search capabilities, and expanded chat functionality across our online platforms. Sales from our online channels increased 36.9% for fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013 and represented approximately 4.5% of our total net sales for fiscal 2014. In fiscal 2014, we started a pilot for buy online, deliver from store, which complements our existing interconnected retail programs. Furthermore, we opened two of three planned direct fulfillment centers in fiscal 2014 and plan to open the third direct fulfillment center in the second half of fiscal 2015. These highly automated facilities will support our online growth by providing a balance of cost efficiency and speed in shipping online orders to meet our customers' needs. Our approach to driving productivity and efficiency is advanced through continuous operational improvement in the stores and our supply chain, disciplined capital allocation, and building shareholder value through higher returns on invested capital. We believe that our current cash position, access to the long-term debt capital markets, and cash flow generated from operations should be sufficient not only for our operating requirements but also to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs and fund dividend payments, share repurchases, obligations incurred as a result of the data breach, and any required long-term debt payments through the next several fiscal years. We maintained $100 million of network security and privacy liability insurance coverage in fiscal 2014 to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to the data breach. The investigation of the data breach is ongoing, and we are supporting law enforcement efforts to identify the responsible parties. We believe that the ultimate amount paid on these actions, claims, and investigations could be material to our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows in future periods. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The focus on information management capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities, transforming our firm into a competitive force.