The management and franchise segment provides services, which include hotel management and licensing of our brands to franchisees, as well as property management at timeshare properties. This segment generates its revenue from management and franchise fees charged to hotel owners, including our owned and leased hotels, and to homeowners' associations at timeshare properties. As a franchisor of hotels, we charge franchise fees in exchange for the use of one of our brand names and related commercial services, such as our reservation system, marketing and information technology services. The addition of new hotels to our managed and franchised system also contributed to the growth in revenue. Our relationships with third-party owners and franchisees generate new relationships with developers and opportunities for property development that can support our growth. We believe that we have good relationships with our third-party owners, franchisees, and developers and are committed to the continued growth and development of these relationships. Our supply of third-party developed timeshare intervals was approximately 109,000, or 82 percent of our total supply, as of December 31, 2014. We expect sales and marketing agreements with third-party developers and resort operations to comprise a growing percentage of our timeshare revenue. The effectiveness of any cost-cutting efforts is limited by the fixed costs inherent in our business. As a result, we may not be able to offset revenue reductions through cost cutting. We have taken steps to reduce our fixed costs to levels we feel are appropriate to maximize profitability and respond to market conditions without jeopardizing the overall customer experience or the value of our hotels or brands. Our capital expenditures for property and equipment primarily included expenditures related to the renovation of existing owned and leased properties and our corporate facilities. Our software capitalization costs related to various systems initiatives for the benefit of our hotel owners and our overall corporate operations. We capitalize costs associated with certain software development projects, and as those projects are completed and placed into service, amortization expense will increase. Our management analyzes our operations and business by both operating segments and geographic regions. Our operations consist of three reportable segments that are based on similar products or services: management and franchise; ownership; and timeshare. We expect the percentage of our hotel rooms outside the U.S. will continue to increase in future years as hotels in our pipeline open. We evaluate the economic viability of the hotel based on the geographic location, the credit quality of the third-party owner, and other factors. By increasing the number of management and franchise agreements with third-party owners, we expect to achieve a higher overall return on invested capital. Our technology resources, including our reservation system and marketing services, play a critical role in supporting our management and franchise operations. Our ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is essential in responding to changing business needs and directions. The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities.