Our business is conducted as a single reportable business segment, and substantially all of our identifiable assets are located in the United States, United Kingdom, continental Europe, Israel, Canada, and Singapore. The implementation of new regulations may impact participation in our markets, and we face increased pressure on pricing, which could affect trading volumes. In particular, the business environment has been characterized by increasing competition among global markets for trading volumes and listings, requiring continuing investment in technology. We have diversified our business to reduce exposure to volatility in trading activity or participation in any one asset class, increasing our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 13% in 2012 to 39% in 2014. We continue to focus on our strategy to broaden and diversify our revenue streams and on company-wide expense reduction initiatives in connection with our acquisition of NYSE to mitigate uncertainties. Our results have been affected by many factors, including the level of trading activity in our markets, which is significantly influenced by general market conditions, competition, price volatility, and technological changes in the financial services industry. The maintenance and growth of our revenues could be impacted if we face increased pressure on pricing. We recognize that market participants demand speed, capacity, and reliability, which necessitates ongoing investment in technology. Our technology support services consist of costs for running our data centers and maintaining our computer hardware and software required to support our technology. Technology and communication expenses increased due to the inclusion of NYSE expenses following our acquisition and growth in various contract volumes. We incurred acquisition-related transaction and integration costs primarily relating to our integration of NYSE and other acquisitions. Our technology infrastructure is critical in supporting our trading and clearing platforms, and we expect to make operational capital expenditures to enhance our technology and support business growth. We recognize that our IT capabilities have evolved to encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes, as well as interfirm transactions and relationships. Our IT capability is essential for transforming our firm into a competitive force, leveraging IT-based resources in combination with other capabilities. We have invested in technology resources to enhance our information management capability, which includes providing data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access. Our strategic resource allocation focuses on actionable investments that enhance our operational efficiency and support our business innovation initiatives. The integration of technology capabilities is vital for our organizational effectiveness and agility in responding to market dynamics. We continue to monitor potential triggering events in our technology capabilities, including changes in the business and regulatory climate, which could impact our operational performance and strategic decisions.