The adoption of da Vinci surgical systems has the potential to grow for those procedures that offer greater patient value than non-da Vinci alternatives, while providing economic return to healthcare providers. We focus our organization and investments on developing, marketing, and training for those products and procedures where da Vinci can bring significant patient value relative to alternative treatment options. Our multi-port technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of motion of minimally invasive surgery instruments in the surgical field analogous to the motions of a human wrist, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon's hand. We believe that the use of Firefly during cholecystectomy procedures will enhance the ability of surgeons to identify key anatomical structures during the surgery. The da Vinci surgical system generally sells for approximately between $0.6 million and $2.5 million, depending upon configuration and geography, and represents a significant capital equipment investment for our customers. We generate recurring revenue as our customers consume our Endowrist and single-site instrument and accessory products used in performing procedures with the da Vinci surgical system. Our instruments and accessories have a limited life and will either expire or wear out as they are used in surgery, at which point they are replaced. The installed base of da Vinci surgical systems has grown to 3,266 at December 31, 2014, compared with 2,966 at December 31, 2013. The demand for systems is ultimately driven by da Vinci surgical procedure volume and is highly sensitive to changes in procedure growth rates. The decline in U.S. system sales in 2014 was largely driven by moderating procedure growth, economic pressure, and uncertainty at hospitals associated with the Affordable Care Act, and evolving system utilization and point of care dynamics. We continue to make strategic acquisitions of intellectual property and related technologies, reflecting our commitment to enhancing our technology capabilities. We expect to continue to make substantial investments in research and development and anticipate that research and development expenses will increase in the future. Our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economic solutions in each of the procedure categories. The increase in recurring revenue during the year ended December 31, 2014, was primarily driven by an approximately 9% higher procedure volume. We believe that domestic revenue has accounted for the large majority of total revenue due to patients' ability to choose their provider and method of treatment in the U.S., reimbursement structures supportive of innovation and minimally invasive surgery, and initial investments focused on domestic infrastructure. Our international revenue has grown faster in proportion to U.S. revenue primarily due to higher procedure growth rates in international markets. The growth in our overall procedure volume was driven by approximately 32% growth in U.S. general surgery procedures and approximately 12% growth in worldwide urologic procedures. The initial instrumentation set for single-site surgery was not wristed; however, we believe that the wristed needle driver will better enable single-site surgeries requiring significant reconstruction. We have commercialized four generations of da Vinci surgical systems, and the da Vinci Xi surgical system, launched in the second quarter of 2014, can be used across a wide spectrum of minimally invasive surgical procedures, expanding upon core da Vinci features.