We believe our integrated business model strengthens our route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of our brand ownership and our manufacturing and distribution businesses. Our integrated business model enables us to be more flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our large retail customers and allows us to more fully leverage our scale and reduce costs by creating greater geographic manufacturing and distribution coverage. The beverage market is subject to some seasonal variations, and our beverage sales are generally higher during the warmer months and can be influenced by the timing of holidays as well as weather fluctuations. We believe the North American LRB market is influenced by certain key trends and uncertainties, including increased health consciousness, increased government regulation, changes in consumer preferences, increased competition in the LRB market, product and packaging innovation, and a changing retailer landscape. We are impacted by shifting consumer demographics and needs, and we believe marketing and product innovations that target fast-growing population segments could drive market growth. Our competitors can use their resources and scale to rapidly respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products, reducing prices, or increasing promotional activities. We believe brand owners and bottling companies will continue to create new products and packages that address changes in consumer tastes and preferences. Our net sales increased due to favorable product and package mix, increased branded sales volume, higher pricing driven by the Mexican sugar tax, and an increase in contract manufacturing. We recognize revenue, net of the costs of our customer incentives, at the time risk of loss has been transferred to our customer. Our customer incentives and marketing accrual methodology contains uncertainties because it requires management to make assumptions and apply judgment to estimate our customer participation and volume performance levels which impact the expense recognition. We have made acquisitions to strengthen our route to market in the U.S. and support efforts to build and enhance our leading brands, which may require additional funding for future capital expenditures and possibly restructuring expenses. We expect to incur annual capital expenditures, net of proceeds from disposals, in an amount approximately 3.00% of our net sales, which we expect to fund through cash provided by operating activities. Our capital expenditures have reduced over the last three years as a result of a stronger focus on the return on our discretionary capital expenditures. Our capital expenditures primarily related to machinery and equipment, including production improvements in our Mexico facilities, our distribution fleet, IT investments, and expansion and replacement of existing cold drink equipment. We believe that our operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations for the next twelve months. Our assumptions reflect our historical experience and our best judgment regarding future performance. The increase in sales volume was primarily driven by a 21% increase in Peñafiel as a result of product innovation. Our largest brand, Dr Pepper, is a leading flavored CSD in the U.S. according to Nielsen. We operate primarily in the U.S., Mexico, and Canada, and we also distribute our products in the Caribbean.