We aim to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and driving growth and value creation in the assets we manage. Our business offers a broad range of investment management services to our fund investors and provides capital markets services to our firm, our portfolio companies, and third parties. We have increased our focus on meeting the needs of our existing fund investors and in developing relationships with new investors in our funds. Our growth has been driven by value that we have created through our operationally focused investment approach, the expansion of our existing businesses, our entry into new lines of business, innovation in the products that we offer investors in our funds, an increased focus on providing tailored solutions to our clients, and the integration of capital markets distribution activities. We believe that these aspects of our business will help us continue to expand and grow our business and deliver strong investment performance in a variety of economic and financial conditions. Our investment teams have deep industry knowledge and are supported by a substantial and diversified capital base, an integrated global investment platform, the expertise of operating consultants and senior advisors, and a worldwide network of business relationships that provide a significant source of investment opportunities, specialized knowledge during due diligence, and substantial resources for creating and realizing value for stakeholders. Our ability to attract new capital and investors in our funds is driven, in part, by the extent to which they continue to see the alternative asset management industry generally, and our investment products specifically, as an attractive vehicle for capital appreciation or income. Our ability to maintain and grow our revenue base is dependent upon our ability to successfully deploy the capital from our funds and our balance sheet. Greater competition, high valuations, increased overall cost of credit, and other general market conditions may impact our ability to identify and execute attractive investments. We have a long-term investment horizon and the capital deployed in any one quarter may vary significantly from the capital deployed in any other quarter or the quarterly average of capital deployed in any given year. Our management, monitoring, transaction, and incentive fees are based on the contractual terms of the governing agreements and are recognized when earned, which coincides with the period during which the related services are performed. Our management fees in our private markets investment funds are generally calculated based on the amount of capital committed or invested by a fund. Accordingly, movements in the fair value of investments do not significantly affect the amount of fees we may charge in private markets funds. In the case of our public markets business, management fees are often calculated based on the average net asset value (NAV) of the fund or vehicle for that particular period, although certain funds in our public markets segment have management fees based on the amount of capital committed or invested. The majority of our investments are reported at fair value. Net changes in the fair value of investments impact the net gains (losses) from investment activities in our consolidated statements of operations. Based on investments held as of December 31, 2014, we estimate that an immediate 10% decrease in the fair value of investments generally would result in a commensurate change in the amount of net gains (losses) from investment activities. The impact that the consequential decrease in investment income would have on net income attributable to KKR would generally be significantly less than the amount described above, given that a majority of the change in fair value would be attributable to noncontrolling interests and therefore we are only impacted to the extent of our carried interest and our balance sheet investments.