The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions in applying our accounting policies that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. Our revenues are driven largely by our customers' spending on capital equipment and related maintenance services necessary to support key transitions in their underlying product technologies. The demand for our products is driven by our customers' needs to solve the process challenges they face as they adopt new technologies required to fabricate advanced integrated circuits (ICs). We believe that, over the long term, our customers will continue to invest in advanced technologies and new materials to enable smaller design rules and higher density applications, as well as to reduce cost. Our product revenues increased as our customers increased their investments in defect inspection capabilities to address yield challenges caused by the introduction of new technologies and architectures. Our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. To do this, we believe that we must continue to make substantial investments in our research and development. Our research and development expenses have generally increased over time, including significant increases due to higher costs associated with advanced product and technology development projects. We incur significant costs associated with these projects, including compensation for engineering talent, engineering material costs, and other expenses, as technological innovation is essential to our success. The timing, length, intensity, and volatility of the capacity-oriented capital spending cycles of our customers are unpredictable. However, the semiconductor industry has also been significantly impacted by constant technological innovation. The growing use of increasingly sophisticated semiconductor devices has caused many of our customers to invest in additional semiconductor manufacturing capabilities and capacity. These investments have included process control and yield management equipment and services. Our gross margin fluctuates with revenue levels and product mix and is affected by variations in costs related to manufacturing and servicing our products, including our ability to scale our operations efficiently and effectively in response to prevailing business conditions. Changes in gross margin percentage driven by revenue volume of products and services reflect our ability to leverage existing infrastructure to generate higher revenues. Our gross margin increased due to lower charges for inventory obsolescence as well as manufacturing and service efficiencies. We have continued to scale our production volumes and capacity to meet anticipated customer requirements and remain at risk of incurring significant inventory-related and other restructuring charges if business conditions deteriorate. Our customer base continues to become more highly concentrated over time, thereby increasing the potential impact of a sudden change in capital spending by a major customer on our revenues and profitability. We provide leading-edge equipment, software, and support that enable IC manufacturers to identify, resolve, and manage significant advanced technology manufacturing process challenges and obtain higher finished product yields at lower overall cost. Our products and services are used by our customers to measure and control nanometric-level manufacturing processes and to detect, analyze, and resolve critical product defects that arise in that environment.