We are a global company focused on leading the world in essentials for a better life, with manufacturing facilities in 35 countries and products sold in more than 175 countries. In operating our global business, we seek to manage our portfolio to balance growth, margin, and cash flow, invest in our brands, innovation, and growth initiatives, deliver sustainable cost reductions, and provide disciplined capital management to improve return on invested capital and return cash to shareholders. Key strategies for our segments include leveraging our brands and providing innovations to grow our strong positions in personal care, bringing differentiated, value-added innovations to grow and strengthen our consumer tissue brands, and shifting our mix to faster-growing, higher-margin wiping and safety segments within K-C Professional. We executed our growth strategies in K-C International, with a focus on markets in China, Eastern Europe, and Latin America. To help fund our investments in innovations and growth initiatives and to improve our profit margins, we are generating cost savings through several initiatives, including leveraging our global procurement organization and deploying lean principles. In 2014, we initiated a restructuring plan to improve organization efficiency and offset the impact of stranded overhead costs resulting from the spin-off of our health care business. The restructuring is intended to improve our underlying profitability and increase our flexibility to invest in targeted growth initiatives, brand building, and other capabilities critical to delivering future growth. We continued to focus on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders, with cash provided by operations of $2.8 billion in 2014. Our business outlook includes a focus on targeted growth initiatives, innovation, and brand building, with expectations for growth in volume, net selling prices, and product mix. We anticipate that advertising spending will increase somewhat as a percentage of net sales to support targeted growth initiatives, brand building, and innovation activities. Our share of net income from equity companies is expected to be down somewhat due to lower earnings at K-C de Mexico, driven by a weaker Mexican peso. We expect capital spending to be in a $950 to $1,050 range and share repurchases to total $0.8 to $1.0 billion, subject to market conditions. We are subject to risks and uncertainties that can affect our business operations and financial results, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, the prices and availability of our raw materials, and potential competitive pressures on selling prices for our products. The factors described under risk factors in this form 10-K could cause our future results to differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. We believe our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, capital spending, payment of dividends, pension plan contributions, and other needs for the foreseeable future.