The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. Our business model is built to support two principal objectives: helping customers by providing safe and reliable energy, bulk commodity and liquids products transportation, storage and distribution; and creating long-term value for our shareholders. We focus on providing fee-based services to customers from a business portfolio consisting of energy-related pipelines, natural gas storage, processing and treating facilities, and bulk and liquids terminal facilities. Our reportable business segments are based on the way our management organizes our enterprise, and each of our business segments represents a component of our enterprise that engages in a separate business activity and for which discrete financial information is available. As an energy infrastructure owner and operator, we examine a number of variables and factors on a routine basis to evaluate our current performance and our prospects for the future. Our midstream group provides gathering and processing services primarily through our operations, which include substantial fee-based gathering, processing, and fractionation assets. The revenues and earnings we realize from gathering natural gas and processing natural gas are affected by the volumes of natural gas made available to our systems, which are primarily driven by levels of natural gas drilling activity. Our midstream group services are provided pursuant to a variety of arrangements, generally categorized as fee-based, percent-of-proceeds, percent-of-index, and keep-whole. We monitor the amount of capital we expend in relation to the amount of production that we expect to add. The demand for co2 is driven by the demand for co2 in oil fields, and our success in this portion of the co2 business segment is influenced by the demand for co2. Our ability to make accretive acquisitions or expand our assets is impacted by our ability to maintain adequate liquidity and to raise the necessary capital needed to fund such acquisitions. Our general and administrative expenses include shared corporate services, including accounting, information technology, human resources, and legal services. We evaluate business segment performance primarily based on segment earnings before all dd&a expenses and amortization of excess cost of equity investments, which we consider an important measure of our success in maximizing returns to our shareholders. Our capital expenditures for the year are categorized as maintenance/sustaining or expansion capital expenditures, with expansion capital expenditures expected to increase throughput or capacity. We budget for and make maintenance capital expenditures necessary to maintain safe and efficient operations, meet customer needs, and comply with applicable law. Our capital expenditures are expected to sustain and grow our business, with significant amounts budgeted for expansion projects. We have a centralized cash management program for our U.S.-based bank accounts that concentrates the cash assets of our subsidiaries, providing financial flexibility. Our ability to complete successful acquisitions and expansions will depend on our financial condition and results of operations, liquidity requirements, business prospects, capital requirements, and other factors.