The competitive and evolving nature of the global payments industry provides both challenges to and opportunities for the continued growth of our business. Mastercard continues to monitor political and economic conditions around the world to identify opportunities for the continued growth of our business and to evaluate the evolution of the global payments industry. Our business and our customers' businesses are subject to regulation in many countries. Regulatory bodies may seek to impose rules and price controls on certain aspects of our business and the payments industry. Information security risks for global payments and technology companies such as Mastercard have significantly increased in recent years. Although to date we have not experienced any material impacts relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches, there can be no assurance that we will be immune to these risks and not suffer such losses in the future. The company generates revenue and has financial assets in countries at risk for currency devaluation. Our liquidity and access to capital could also be negatively impacted by the outcome of any of the legal or regulatory proceedings to which we are a party. The company believes that its existing cash, cash equivalents and investment securities balances, its cash flow generating capabilities, its borrowing capacity and its access to capital resources are sufficient to satisfy its future operating cash needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations and potential obligations. The company has recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $364 million at December 31, 2014. The company regularly reviews the status of each significant matter and assesses its potential financial exposure. If the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, the company accrues a liability for the estimated loss. Significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and whether an exposure is reasonably estimable. The company evaluates goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis or sooner if indicators of impairment exist. The impairment evaluation utilizes a quantitative assessment using a two-step impairment test. The first step is to compare the reporting unit's carrying value, including goodwill, to the fair value. The company uses a market approach for estimating the fair value of its reporting unit. The company classifies its net revenue into five categories, including transaction processing fees, which are primarily based on the number of transactions. The company's advertising and marketing strategy is to increase global Mastercard brand awareness, preference and usage through integrated advertising, sponsorship, promotions, interactive media and public relations programs on a global scale. The increase in personnel expenses in 2014 compared to 2013 was due to an increase in the number of employees from both our acquired businesses and to support the company's strategic initiatives. Data processing and telecommunication expense consists of expenses to support our global payments network infrastructure, expenses to operate and maintain our computer and telecommunication system. These expenses increased in both 2014 and 2013 due to capacity growth of our business. The company attempts to manage these foreign currency exposures through its foreign exchange risk management activities. The significant components of our general and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 included personnel, professional fees, and data processing and telecommunications. The company has no off-balance sheet debt, other than lease arrangements and other commitments.