We strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution. We continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities and technology offerings. Our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company. We also control above-property costs, some of which we allocate to hotels, by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas. Properties in our system continue to maintain very tight cost controls. We believe that we have access to sufficient financial resources to finance our growth, as well as to support our ongoing operations and meet debt service and other cash requirements. Our ability to develop and update our brands and the ability of hotel developers to build or acquire new Marriott-branded properties depend in part on capital access, availability, and cost for other hotel developers and third-party owners. We monitor market conditions and carefully price our rooms daily in accordance with individual property demand levels, generally adjusting room rates as demand changes. Our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. We continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use website, marriott.com, and of our associated mobile smartphone applications and mobile website that connect to marriott.com, through functionality and service improvements, and we expect to continue capturing an increasing proportion of property-level reservations via this cost-efficient channel. We also believe revenue per available room ("revpar") is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. We define our comparable properties as those that were open and operating under one of our brands for at least one full calendar year as of the beginning of the current period and have not undergone significant room or public space renovations or expansions. We also believe company-operated house profit margin is a meaningful indicator of our performance because this ratio measures our overall ability as the operator to produce property-level profits by generating sales and controlling the operating expenses over which we have the most direct control. Our 2014 results reflected a favorable economic climate and demand for our brands in many markets around the world, reflecting generally low supply growth in the U.S. and Europe, improved pricing in most North American markets, and a year-over-year increase in the number of properties in our system. We continue to focus on enhancing property-level house profit margins and making productivity improvements. We expect the number of our hotel rooms to increase approximately 7 percent in 2015. We believe that minimizing our capital investments and adopting a strategy of recycling the investments that we do make maximizes and maintains our financial flexibility. Our brands remain strong as a result of skilled management teams, dedicated associates, superior customer service with an emphasis on guest and associate satisfaction, significant distribution, and desirable property amenities. We also control above-property costs by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas.