The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements. We continue to invest in product quality, marketing, and innovation behind our iconic brands, while implementing a series of cost-saving initiatives. Our goals are to achieve industry-leading revenue growth over time along with higher expected growth rates of advantaged snack categories; leverage our cost structure through supply chain reinvention, productivity programs, overhead streamlining, volume growth, and improved product mix to drive margin gains. We expect to incur the majority of the program's charges in 2015 and 2016 and to complete the program by year-end 2018. We monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. Growth in the global categories slowed from approximately 4% in 2013 to 3.6% in 2014. We believe the slowdown in category growth will continue to affect our near-term net revenue growth, but we expect the slowdown, particularly in emerging markets, to be temporary. We continue to make investments in our brands and build strong routes to market to address the needs of consumers in emerging and developed markets. We are focused on aggressively managing our costs currently as we continue to invest in brand building and routes to market. Our advantaged geographic footprint, operating scale, and portfolio of brands have all significantly contributed to building our market-leading positions across most of the product categories in which we sell. To grow and maintain our market positions, we focus on product quality, bringing new products and innovations to market, and effectively meeting consumer needs and preferences. We continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, and marketing consumer promotions. We manage our business to achieve top-tier financial performance using a number of operating metrics including organic net revenue, adjusted operating income, and adjusted EPS. We also monitor a number of factors and trends that we expect may impact our near- and long-term revenues and profitability objectives. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, particularly in emerging markets. Some of these markets have greater political and economic volatility and vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions. Volatility in these markets affects demand for and the costs of our products and requires frequent changes in how we operate our business. We expect to continue to comply with our long-term debt covenants. We also expect that our net pension cost will increase to approximately $321 million in 2015. The increase is primarily due to lower discount rates offset by favorable beginning of the year asset levels and planned contributions. We believe that cash from operations, our $4.5 billion revolving credit facility, and our authorized long-term financing will provide sufficient liquidity for our working capital needs, planned capital expenditures, future contractual obligations, share repurchases, and payment of our anticipated quarterly dividends. We expect to continue to fund these expenditures from operations. Our total debt was $16.7 billion at December 31, 2014, and we expect to fund these repayments with cash from operations and the issuance of commercial paper or additional debt. We are unable to reliably estimate the timing of the payments for certain liabilities, including accrued pension costs and income taxes. We believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax laws and that we have adequately accounted for uncertain tax positions.