3M is investing in business transformation, which includes the ongoing multi-year phased implementation of an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system on a worldwide basis, as well as changes in processes and internal/external service delivery across 3M. The company is continuing to increase its manufacturing and sourcing capability, particularly in developing economies, in order to more closely align its product capability with its sales in major geographic areas. 3M's capital spending by geography has been led by the United States, followed by Europe, Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific, and Latin America/Canada. 3M also increased investments in IT systems and infrastructure, which are critical for supporting its growth initiatives and operational efficiency. The company is actively considering additional acquisitions, investments, and strategic alliances, and from time to time may also divest certain businesses. Investments in property, plant, and equipment enable growth across many diverse markets, helping to meet product demand and increasing manufacturing efficiency. 3M's ongoing transition to a more optimized capital structure, financed with additional low-cost debt, could impact its credit rating in the future. The company expects to maintain a consistent presence in the market and believes it will have continuous access to the commercial paper market. The strength and stability of 3M's business model and strong free cash flow capability, together with proven capital markets access, enables 3M to implement its strategy while continuing to invest in its businesses. The company is managing its operations in five operating business segments, and each of these segments absorbed additional incremental investments related to business transformation, enabled by 3M's global ERP implementation. This investment negatively impacted each of the five business segments' operating margins. The company believes that its most critical accounting estimates relate to legal proceedings, pension and postretirement obligations, asset impairments, and income taxes. The company has experienced stable to declining costs for most raw material categories and transportation fuel, which has been driven by year-on-year cost decreases in many feedstock categories. 3M manages commodity price risks through negotiated supply contracts, price protection agreements, and forward contracts. The company expects to contribute approximately $100 million to $200 million of cash to its global defined benefit pension and postretirement plans in 2015. 3M's focus on research and development has resulted in a portion of its value being comprised of internally developed businesses that have no goodwill associated with them. The company will continue to monitor its reporting units and asset groups in 2015 for any triggering events or other indicators of impairment. 3M's market value at both September 30, 2014, and December 31, 2014, was significantly in excess of its equity. The company uses operating income as one of its primary business segment performance measurement tools. The company is committed to investing in research and development, capital expenditures, and commercialization capability to drive organic growth.