The preparation of financial statements includes the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Altria Group, Inc.'s management reviews certain financial results, including diluted EPS, on an adjusted basis, which exclude certain income and expense items that management believes are not part of underlying operations. These items may include, for example, loss on early extinguishment of debt, restructuring charges, and certain tax items. Altria Group, Inc.'s management does not view any of these special items to be part of Altria Group, Inc.'s sustainable results as they may be highly variable, are difficult to predict and can distort underlying business trends and results. Altria Group, Inc.'s management believes that these adjusted financial measures provide useful insight into underlying business trends and results and provide a more meaningful comparison of year-over-year results. Adjusted financial measures are used by management and regularly provided to Altria Group, Inc.'s chief operating decision maker for planning, forecasting and evaluating business and financial performance, including allocating resources and evaluating results relative to employee compensation targets. Altria Group, Inc. recognizes the funded status of its defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans on the consolidated balance sheet and records as a component of other comprehensive earnings (losses), net of deferred income taxes, the gains or losses and prior service costs or credits that have not been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. The estimated fair values of the indefinite-lived intangible assets within the smokeless products, cigars and wine reporting units substantially exceeded their carrying values. Altria Group, Inc. conducts a required annual review of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for potential impairment, and more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would require Altria Group, Inc. to perform an interim review. The analysis incorporated assumptions used in Altria Group, Inc.'s long-term financial forecast and also included market participant assumptions regarding the highest and best use of Altria Group, Inc.'s indefinite-lived intangible assets. The average discount rate used in performing the valuations was approximately 10%. Altria Group, Inc. regularly performs a systematic assessment of each individual lease in its portfolio to determine potential credit or collection issues that might indicate impairment. The estimated residual values are reviewed annually by PMCC's management, which includes analysis of a number of factors, including activity in the relevant industry. PMCC considers rents receivable past due when they are beyond the grace period of their contractual due date. PMCC stops recording income on rents receivable when contractual payments become 90 days past due or earlier if management believes there is significant uncertainty of collectability of rent payments. PMCC's investment in leases is included in the line item finance assets, net, on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2014 and 2013. The repayment of the nonrecourse debt is collateralized by lease payments receivable and the leased property, and is nonrecourse to the general assets of PMCC. The following events that occurred during 2014, 2013 and 2012 affected the comparability of statement of earnings amounts. Altria Group, Inc. used an income approach to estimate the fair values of its reporting units and its indefinite-lived intangible assets. The analysis incorporated assumptions used in Altria Group, Inc.'s long-term financial forecast and also included market participant assumptions regarding the highest and best use of Altria Group, Inc.'s indefinite-lived intangible assets.