Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations includes various forward-looking statements concerning trends or events potentially affecting our business. The refining & marketing segment income from operations depends largely on our refining & marketing gross margin and refinery throughputs. The profitability of our pipeline transportation operations primarily depends on tariff rates and the volumes shipped through the pipelines. Our operations consist of three reportable operating segments: refining & marketing; speedway; and pipeline transportation. The speedway segment's income from operations increased primarily due to increases in gasoline and distillate gross margin and merchandise gross margin, partially offset by higher operating expenses. The increases were primarily attributable to the acquisition of convenience stores from Hess, enabling us to further leverage our integrated refining and transportation operations. The acquisition of Hess' retail operations significantly expands our Speedway presence and is aligned with our strategy to grow higher-valued, stable cash flow businesses. We believe that the acquisition enables us to provide an outlet for an incremental 200 mbpd of assured sales from our refining system. Our capital expenditures and investments for 2015 include significant allocations for technology, equipment, and dispenser upgrades, which are essential for enhancing operational efficiency and supporting business innovation. The budget includes spending on refining, retail marketing, transportation, logistics, and brand marketing projects, as well as amounts designated for corporate activities. We continuously evaluate our capital budget and make changes as conditions warrant. The refining & marketing segment's capital budget includes projects that will allow us to process condensate from the Utica shale region and grow Gulf Coast export capabilities. We have a project to build a condensate splitter at our Catlettsburg refinery to allow it to process condensate, which we expect to complete in 2015. The remaining budget is primarily allocated to maintaining facilities and meeting regulatory requirements at our refineries. The speedway segment's capital budget is focused on continued growth and integrating the convenience stores acquired from Hess into Speedway. The budget includes expenditures for new convenience store construction and land acquisition to expand our markets. Our liquidity totaled $5.27 billion at December 31, 2014, consisting of cash and cash equivalents and available credit facilities. We believe that our short-term and long-term liquidity is adequate to fund not only our current operations but also our near-term and long-term funding requirements, including capital spending programs, the repurchase of shares of our common stock, and other amounts that may ultimately be paid in connection with contingencies. The effective tax rates reflect certain permanent benefit differences, including the domestic manufacturing deduction, partially offset by state and local tax expense. The increase in income from equity method investments was primarily due to increases in income from our ethanol affiliates and income from our pipeline affiliates. The increase in our pipeline transportation revenue was primarily due to higher average tariffs received on crude oil and refined products shipped. We expect to invest significantly in projects to support the changing energy landscape in the United States, including equity investments in major pipeline projects and new infrastructure.