For more than 40 years, MSCI's research-based models and methodologies have helped the world's leading investors build and manage better portfolios. Our line of products and services includes analytical tools, data, and environmental, social, and governance (ESG) research, which are essential for deeper insights into performance and risk drivers in investment strategies. To maintain and accelerate our revenue and operating income growth, we have significantly invested in and expanded our operating functions and infrastructure, including additional product management, sales and client support staff, and technology functions. The purpose of this enhanced investment program is to maximize our medium-term revenue and operating income growth, ensuring that MSCI remains a leading provider of investment decision support tools. We focus on revenue growth for the company in total and by product category, as well as operating metrics, including run rates and retention rates to manage the business. Our business is not highly capital intensive, and we expect to continue to convert a high percentage of our operating profits into excess cash in the future. 

Our revenue growth strategy includes expanding and deepening relationships with investment institutions worldwide, developing new and enhancing existing product offerings, and actively seeking to acquire products, technologies, and companies that will enhance or complement our client base and product offerings. The growth in index, real estate, and ESG products was driven primarily by equity index benchmark and data products, aided by strong growth in ESG and real estate products. We are able to grow our revenues by licensing additional users and locations as well as selling additional products and services. 

Risk management analytics products provide a consistent risk assessment framework for managing and monitoring investments across various asset classes. Our risk management analytics product category includes revenues from annual, recurring subscriptions to our risk management analytics products, which offer clients daily analysis, measuring and monitoring of market risk at fund and firm levels. The products are accessed via a secure, interactive web-based application service or as a fully outsourced risk reporting service. 

We have largely completed our enhanced investment program, and as a result, we expect margin expansion to begin in the second half of 2015. The increase in compensation and benefits costs primarily reflects costs related to increased staffing levels and current staff. Non-compensation expenses increased primarily due to higher third-party professional fees and information technology costs. The increase in operating expenses was primarily the result of the investments made under the enhanced investment program. 

We believe our liquidity, along with other financing alternatives, will provide the necessary capital to fund acquisition opportunities and achieve our planned growth. Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and credit capacity under our credit facilities. We expect existing foreign cash flows from operations, together with existing cash and cash equivalents, will continue to be sufficient to fund our foreign operating activities and cash commitments for investing activities.