We are a leading provider of trading, clearing, exchange technology, regulatory, securities listing, information and public company services across six continents. Our technology powers markets across the globe, supporting derivatives trading, clearing and settlement, cash equity trading, fixed income trading and many other functions. We provide market technology to exchanges, clearing organizations and central securities depositories around the world. Our future revenues and net income will continue to be influenced by a number of domestic and international economic trends including the demand for information about, or access to, our markets, which is dependent on the products we trade, our importance as a liquidity center, and the quality and pricing of our data and access services. The demand for licensed exchange traded products and other financial products based on our indices as well as changes to the underlying assets associated with existing licensed financial products are also significant. The challenges created by the automation of market data consumption, including competition and the quickly evolving nature of the data business, further impact our operational flexibility. Our business drivers are defined by investors' and companies' cautiously optimistic outlook about the pace of global economic recovery. The continuous pressure in transaction fee pricing due to intense competition in the U.S. and Europe necessitates ongoing investment in technology to meet customers' and regulators' demands as markets adapt to a global financial industry. We continue to leverage opportunities in our corporate solutions and market technology businesses by offering new products to our expanding customer base and by strengthening our direct relationships with those customers. The evolution of market participants' trading behavior and the continued rapid progression and deployment of new technology in the financial services industry are critical to our strategic resource allocation. We expect to confront changes in both the competitive and regulatory environments, which will create both challenges to our existing businesses and new opportunities for growth. Our technology solutions revenues increased primarily due to the acquisition of the TR corporate businesses, which provide insight, analytics and communications solutions, and the integration of these businesses into our corporate solutions business. The increase in market technology revenues reflects increased customer demand, particularly for software as a service revenues. The operational increase in expenses associated with our acquisitions of the TR corporate businesses and espeed is notable. We have also seen an increase in the average daily matched share volume for all of our U.S. cash equity markets, which was driven by higher U.S. consolidated volume and an increase in matched market share. The financial performance metrics indicate a strong linkage between our IT capabilities and business performance, emphasizing the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our strategic management practices are focused on enhancing our technology infrastructure to support business innovation and operational efficiency. The integration of technology into our business processes is essential for maintaining competitive advantage and responding to market dynamics.