We are committed to improving our service and have added resources to meet the needs of our network. Our continued focus on cost control helped stem growth in operating expenses despite higher volumes and led to an all-time low operating ratio. The unexpected volume growth and severe winter weather led to resource shortages and network delays during the year. Looking forward, we expect the impact of lower oil prices on our fuel surcharge revenue programs to be offset by increased volumes and higher rates. We will continue to focus on safety, service levels, cost control, productivity, operational efficiency, and a market-based approach to pricing. We anticipate higher intermodal revenues due to increased volumes as a result of continued highway conversions and growth associated with new and existing customers. Our technology investments of $70 million are planned for new or upgraded systems and computers. We expect cash on hand combined with cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations. The crescent corridor consists of a program of projects for infrastructure and other facility improvements geared toward creating a seamless, high-capacity intermodal route spanning 11 states from New Jersey to Louisiana and offering truck-competitive service along several major interstate highway corridors. We plan to implement certain elements of the crescent corridor through a series of public-private partnerships. Our investments in facilities and terminals are anticipated to include terminals and equipment to add capacity to our intermodal network, new or expanded bulk transfer facilities, improvements to vehicle distribution facilities, and upgrades and expansions of our mechanical service shops. Our goal is to maintain a capital structure with appropriate leverage to support our business strategy and provide flexibility through business cycles. We believe the estimate of any reasonably possible loss will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. We maintain substantial amounts of insurance for potential third-party liability and property damage claims. We utilize analyses in which the projected annual cash flows from the pension and postretirement benefit plans are matched with yield curves based on an appropriate universe of high-quality corporate bonds. We regularly review these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in the business environment, and other factors we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. We are subject to various jurisdictions' environmental laws and regulations. We record a liability where such liability or loss is probable and its amount can be estimated reasonably. Our employment averaged 29,482 in 2014, compared with 30,103 in 2013, and we expect employment levels to be higher than 2014 as we continue to add resources to our network. We are evaluating the effect that new accounting standards will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. Our debt-to-total capitalization ratio was 42.1% at December 31, 2014, compared with 45.6% at December 31, 2013. We consider it unlikely that interest rate fluctuations applicable to these instruments will result in a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. We have budgeted $2.4 billion for property additions, which includes planned investments for the crescent corridor.