Nvidia is dedicated to advancing visual computing, enabling individuals to interact with digital ideas, data, and entertainment with an ease and efficiency unmatched by any other communication medium. Our business model has three elements: creating Nvidia-branded products and services, offering our processors to original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, and licensing our intellectual property. Nvidia-branded products and services are visual computing platforms that address four large markets: gaming, enterprise, high-performance computing & cloud, and automotive. Our GPU product brands aimed at specialized markets include GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla for researchers, deep learning, and big-data analysts; and Grid for cloud-based visual computing users. We also integrate our GPUs into tiny mobile chips called system-on-a-chip (SoC) processors, which power tablets and automotive infotainment and safety systems. Our Tegra brand integrates an entire computer onto a single chip, incorporating GPUs and multi-core CPUs with audio, video, and input/output capabilities. We extended our reach in accelerated datacenter computing, with the world's fifteen most highly-efficient supercomputers all utilizing our Tesla GPUs. We continued to expand our reach in the big data analytics market, with IBM announcing future support for GPU acceleration in its IBM DB2 with Blu Acceleration. We launched our Tesla K80 dual-GPU accelerator, designed to power a wide range of machine learning, data analytics, and high-performance computing applications. Nvidia Grid technology will be available on the VMware Horizon DaaS platform to deliver 3D graphics on virtualized desktops and applications delivered through the cloud. We announced that many automobile manufacturers were shipping various new models with infotainment systems powered by Nvidia, including the BMW i8 and i3, Volkswagen Golf and Passat, and Honda Civic, Civic Tourer, and CR-V. Research and development expenses increased, driven by employee additions and compensation increases, which reflect our commitment to enhancing our IT capabilities and supporting business needs. Our management has discussed the development and selection of critical accounting policies and estimates, which affect significant judgments and estimates used in preparing our consolidated financial statements. Our overall gross margin was positively impacted by a richer product mix in our GPU business, which reflects our strategic resource allocation and operational efficiency. We expect to spend approximately $150 million to $200 million for capital expenditures during fiscal year 2016, primarily for facilities, emulation equipment, computers, and engineering workstations, indicating our ongoing investment in technology capabilities and infrastructure. Our cash balances are held in numerous locations throughout the world, including substantial amounts held outside of the United States, which may be repatriated but could incur U.S. federal income taxes. We believe that our existing cash balances and anticipated cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet our operating, acquisition, share repurchase, cash dividend, and capital requirements for at least the next twelve months, reflecting our strategic management practices and operational flexibility.