In management's discussion and analysis, we provide a historical and prospective narrative of our general financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect our future results, including key events and recent developments within our company. We believe the increased sales achieved by our stores are the result of store growth and the high levels of customer service provided by our well-trained and technically proficient team members, superior inventory availability, including same day and overnight access to inventory in our regional distribution centers, enhanced services and programs offered in our stores, a broader selection of product offerings in most stores with a dynamic catalog system to identify and source parts, and a targeted promotional and advertising effort through various media and localized promotional events. Our comparable store sales increase was driven by increases in average ticket values and customer transaction counts for both do-it-yourself and professional service provider customers. The improvements in average ticket values were the result of the continued growth of the more costly, hard part categories as a percentage of our total sales. The overall growth in our hard part categories continues to be driven by our faster-growing professional service provider sales, which are primarily comprised of hard part categories and by the increasing complexity and cost of replacement parts necessary to maintain the current population of better-engineered and more technically advanced vehicles. Our supplier financing programs enable us to reduce overall supply chain costs and negotiate extended payment terms with our suppliers. We have ongoing initiatives aimed at tailoring our product offering to adjust to customers' changing preferences; however, we also continue to have initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of purchasing up on the value spectrum. We believe that cash expected to be provided by operating activities and availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund both our short-term and long-term capital and liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. Our long-term business strategy requires capital to open new stores, fund strategic acquisitions, expand distribution infrastructure, operate and maintain existing stores, and may include the opportunistic repurchase of shares of our common stock through our board-approved share repurchase program. The increase in total selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily the result of additional team members, facilities, and vehicles to support our increased store count. We believe that the key drivers of current and future demand of the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of U.S. miles driven, number of U.S. registered vehicles, new light vehicle registrations, average vehicle age, and unemployment. Our strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility are critical in responding to market dynamics and consumer demands. We are committed to leveraging our IT capabilities to enhance our operational efficiency and support our business strategies, ensuring that we remain competitive in the automotive aftermarket industry. The anticipated increase in commuter miles is expected to drive overall annual U.S. miles driven, resulting in continued demand for automotive aftermarket products. We remain confident in our ability to gain market share in our existing markets and grow our business in new markets by focusing on our dual market strategy and the core values of hard work and excellent customer service.