We are managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in leading-edge technology. We believe these investments are critical to our success. Our primary goal is to support the success of our clients and their businesses through innovative technology solutions and outstanding personal service. Our business strategy is focused on strong long-term financial performance by providing high-quality, timely, accurate, and affordable services; growing our client base; increasing utilization of our ancillary services; leveraging our technology through our service organization; and expanding our product offerings. We continue to position ourselves to capitalize on the opportunities arising from the shift to SaaS solutions as we invest heavily in product development relating to our SaaS capabilities and mobile applications. Our Paychex next generation suite of innovative products and services includes a SaaS platform that combines the latest technology with superior customer service to provide human resource administrators a streamlined and integrated approach to workforce management. With this, all Paychex services, including payroll, time and attendance, HR, benefits, training, and performance management, are accessible on a single cloud-based platform with Paychex single sign-on. We believe continued investment in our technology is a key building block for future success. Our online HR administration services are often included as part of the SaaS solutions for mid-market clients. The growth for fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013 in HR services revenue was driven primarily by client base growth, particularly in Paychex HR services, retirement services, and online HR administration products. Our online HR administration products contributed to growth through sales success for SaaS solutions. We continue to strengthen our position as an expert in our industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, small businesses, and other interested parties. We provide free webinars, white papers, and other information on our website to aid existing and prospective clients with the impact of regulatory changes. We are utilizing a joint venture arrangement in Brazil, which is a significant market with a growing economy, approximately five million small businesses, and, with recent regulatory changes, a significant opportunity for outsourcing payroll and human resource services. Our financial position as of May 31, 2014 remained strong with cash and total corporate investments of $936.8 million and no debt. Our investment strategy focuses on protecting principal and optimizing liquidity. We believe that our investments as of May 31, 2014 were not other-than-temporarily impaired, nor has any event occurred subsequent to that date that would indicate any other-than-temporary impairment. Our positive cash flows in fiscal 2014 allowed us to support our business growth and to pay substantial dividends to our stockholders. We are managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in leading-edge technology. The higher growth rate for fiscal 2014 was related to additional internally developed software related to our Paychex next generation platform that was placed in service during the year. Higher equipment costs within information technology and higher professional services supporting our technology development contributed to the increases in other expenses for both fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013. We continue to focus on investing in our products, people, and service capabilities, positioning ourselves to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth.