We continue to invest in technology and business infrastructure and streamline our processes. Our ability to utilize technology to develop and deliver products and services to our customers and protect PNC's systems and customer information is critical. We are focused on transforming our retail banking business to a more customer-centric and sustainable model while lowering delivery costs as customer banking preferences evolve. Our strategies for growing fee income across our lines of business are focused on achieving deeper market penetration and cross-selling our diverse product mix. We strive to expand and deepen customer relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, fee-based, and credit products and services. We are also working to build a stronger residential mortgage banking business with the goal of becoming the provider of choice for our customers. Our capital priorities are to support client growth and business investment, maintain appropriate capital in light of economic uncertainty, and return excess capital to shareholders. We expect to face further increased regulation of our industry as a result of Dodd-Frank as well as other current and future initiatives intended to enhance the regulation of financial services companies. Compliance with new regulations will increase our costs and reduce our revenue. Our financial performance is substantially affected by a number of external factors outside of our control, including general economic conditions and changes in the competitive and regulatory landscape. Our success will depend upon focused execution of strategic priorities for organic customer growth opportunities, further success in growing profitability through the acquisition and retention of customers, and deepening relationships. We expect to continue this approach and have a goal of an additional $400 million in cost savings through our continuous improvement program, which again we expect will help to fund our business and technology investments. We utilize technology to develop and deliver products and services to our customers and protect PNC's systems and customer information. Our ability to bolster our critical infrastructure and streamline our core processes is essential. We continue to maintain a strong capital position and expect to build capital through retention of future earnings net of dividend payments and share repurchases. We are focused on the fundamentals of growing customers, loans, deposits, and fee revenue while improving profitability. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships that meet our risk/return measures. We are also working to build a stronger residential mortgage banking business with the goal of becoming the provider of choice for our customers. Our strategies for growing fee income across our lines of business are focused on achieving deeper market penetration and cross-selling our diverse product mix. We continue to invest in our products, markets, and brand, and embrace our corporate responsibility to the communities where we do business. Our ability to effectively manage PNC's balance sheet and generate net interest income is crucial. The impact of the extensive reforms enacted in the Dodd-Frank legislation and other legislative, regulatory, and administrative initiatives will also affect our operations.