A significant portion of management's time is devoted to maximizing cash flows from our existing self-storage facilities, as well as seeking additional investments in self-storage facilities. We believe that our centralized information networks, national telephone and online reservation system, the brand name "public storage," and our economies of scale enable us to meet such challenges effectively. Our self-storage operations are analyzed in two groups: the same store facilities, representing the facilities that we have owned and operated on a stabilized basis since January 1, 2012, and all other facilities, which are newly acquired, newly developed, or recently expanded facilities. We expect to continue to seek additional development projects; however, the level of future development may be limited due to various constraints such as difficulty in finding available sites that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations, as well as challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage activities in certain municipalities. We believe that our management and operating infrastructure will result in newly acquired facilities stabilizing at a higher level of net operating income than was achieved by the previous owners. However, it can take 24 or more months for these newly acquired facilities to reach stabilization, and the ultimate levels of net operating income to be achieved can be affected by changes in general economic conditions. We expect the non-same store facilities to continue to provide earnings growth during 2015 as these facilities approach stabilized occupancy levels and the earnings of the 2014 acquisitions are reflected in our operations for a longer period in 2015 as compared to 2014. Our evaluation that we have met the REIT requirements could be incorrect, because compliance with the tax rules requires factual determinations, and circumstances we have not identified could result in noncompliance with the tax requirements in current or prior years. We believe that our geographic diversification and scale provide some insulation from localized economic effects and add to the stability of our cash flows. We expect to continue to seek additional development projects; however, the level of future development may be limited due to various constraints such as difficulty in finding available sites for building that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations, as well as the challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage activities in certain municipalities. We believe that our real estate development activities are beneficial to our business operations over the long run. We expect to continue to seek additional development projects; however, the level of future development may be limited due to various constraints such as difficulty in finding available sites that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations, as well as challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage activities in certain municipalities. Our self-storage operations are analyzed in two groups: the same store facilities, representing the facilities that we have owned and operated on a stabilized basis since January 1, 2012, and all other facilities, which are newly acquired, newly developed, or recently expanded facilities. We believe that our management and operating infrastructure will result in newly acquired facilities stabilizing at a higher level of net operating income than was achieved by the previous owners. However, it can take 24 or more months for these newly acquired facilities to reach stabilization, and the ultimate levels of net operating income to be achieved can be affected by changes in general economic conditions.