We report our results under three reportable segments: electric power infrastructure services, oil and gas infrastructure services, and fiber optic licensing and other. Our integrated operations and common administrative support at each of our operating units require that certain allocations, including allocations of shared and indirect costs, be made to determine operating segment profitability. The electric power infrastructure services segment provides comprehensive network solutions to customers in the electric power industry, including the design, installation, upgrade, repair, and maintenance of electric power transmission and distribution infrastructure and substation facilities, along with other engineering and technical services. This segment also provides emergency restoration services and the installation of "smart grid" technologies on electric power networks. The oil and gas infrastructure services segment provides comprehensive network solutions to customers involved in the development and transportation of natural gas, oil, and other pipeline products, including the design, installation, repair, and maintenance of pipeline transmission and distribution systems. Our fiber optic licensing and other segment designs, procures, constructs, maintains, and owns fiber optic telecommunications infrastructure in select markets and licenses the right to use these facilities to customers. We believe market opportunities exist for lit services that will enable us to leverage capacities of our dark fiber networks, as well as providing other attractive growth opportunities. Recent investments and acquisitions have enabled us to further enhance our electric power and oil and gas infrastructure service offerings and expand our capabilities. We continue to evaluate opportunities for strategic acquisitions that may require cash and investments in customer-sponsored projects. Our industry is capital intensive, and we expect the need for substantial capital expenditures to continue into the foreseeable future to meet anticipated demand for our services. We believe that our financial and operational strengths will enable us to manage challenges and uncertainties, and we remain optimistic about our near-term and long-term opportunities. The economic feasibility of renewable energy projects may depend on the availability of tax incentive programs or the ability of project developers to take advantage of such incentives. We continue to see growth opportunities across all the industries we serve, despite challenges from regulatory requirements and uncertain economic conditions. We believe that utilities remain committed to the expansion and strengthening of their transmission infrastructure, with planning, engineering, and funding for many of their projects in place. We also anticipate increased infrastructure spending by our customers as a result of regulation requiring the power industry to meet federal reliability standards for its transmission and distribution systems. Our ability to offer a complete pipeline integrity turnkey solution to pipeline companies and gas utilities provides us an advantageous position in providing these services. The recent decline in oil prices creates uncertainty in the near term for our oil and gas infrastructure services, should oil prices remain at lower levels. We believe that our overall size and breadth of service offerings provide competitive advantages that allow us to leverage opportunities driven by the development and production of resources from North American unconventional shale formations. We are also experiencing an increase in demand for our natural gas distribution services as a result of continuing improvement in economic conditions and lower natural gas prices.