We design, manufacture, have manufactured on our behalf and market digital communications products and services based on cdma, ofdma and other technologies. Our business practices continue to be the subject of an investigation by the China National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC). We are taking steps to address these matters, although the nature and timing of any resolution is uncertain. We continue to invest significant resources toward advancements in 3G, 3G/4G multimode and 4G LTE technologies, audio and video codecs, wireless baseband chips, our converged computing/communications (Snapdragon) chips, graphics, connectivity, multimedia products, software and services. We are also investing across a broad spectrum of opportunities that leverage our existing technical and business expertise to deploy new business models and enter into new industry segments, such as products designed for implementation of small cells and addressing the challenge of meeting the increased demand for data; products for the connected home and the Internet of Everything; automotive; very high-speed connectivity; new display technologies; data centers; mobile health; wireless charging; and machine learning, including robotics. Our QCT segment is a leading developer and supplier of integrated circuits and system software based on cdma, ofdma and other technologies for use in voice and data communications, networking, application processing, multimedia and global positioning system products. QCT's system software enables the other device components to interface with the integrated circuit products and is the foundation software enabling manufacturers to develop devices utilizing the functionality within the integrated circuits. We expect continued growth in the coming years in consumer demand for 3G, 3G/4G multimode and 4G products and services around the world, driven primarily by smartphones. We also expect growth in new device categories and industries, driven by the expanding adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones. Our QTL segment grants licenses or otherwise provides rights to use portions of our intellectual property portfolio, which includes certain patent rights essential to and/or useful in the manufacture and sale of certain wireless products. The increase in licensing revenues in fiscal 2014 was primarily due to an increase in QTL revenues related to sales of CDMA-based products. Our QSI segment makes strategic investments that are focused on opening new or expanding opportunities for our technologies and supporting the design and introduction of new products and services for voice and data communications. We expect to continue making strategic investments and acquisitions, the amounts of which could vary significantly, to open new opportunities for our technologies, obtain development resources, grow our patent portfolio and/or pursue new businesses. Our research and development expenditures were $5.5 billion in fiscal 2014, and we expect to continue to invest heavily in research and development for new technologies, applications and services for voice and data communications, primarily in the wireless industry. We believe our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and our expected cash flow generated from operations will satisfy our working and other capital requirements over the next fiscal year and beyond based on our current business plans.