We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our corporate entities include information technology, risk management, human resources, and other administrative functions. The integration of our recycling operations with our collection operations allows us to obtain revenue from the sale of recycled commodities. We believe that presenting adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income attributable to Republic Services, Inc., and adjusted diluted earnings per share provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial impact of certain items. We have incurred comparable charges and costs in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. Our management team remains focused on executing our strategy to deliver consistent earnings and free cash flow growth, and improve return on invested capital. We are committed to an efficient capital structure, maintaining our investment grade credit ratings, and increasing cash returns to our shareholders. Our guidance includes the expected financial impact from acquisitions and reflects our focus on managing controllable aspects of our business by enhancing the quality of our revenue, investing in profitable growth opportunities, and reducing costs. We expect to use excess cash on hand and cash from operating activities to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments, share repurchases, and debt repayments. We have entered into various interest rate swap agreements to reduce overall borrowing costs and rebalance our debt portfolio's ratio of fixed to floating interest rates. Our credit facilities require us to comply with certain financial and other covenants, and we expect to be in compliance throughout 2015. Our environmental remediation liabilities primarily include costs associated with remediating groundwater, surface water, and soil contamination, as well as controlling and containing methane gas migration and the related legal costs. We periodically review the status of all environmental matters and update our estimates of the likelihood of and future expenditures for remediation as necessary. Changes in the liabilities resulting from these reviews are recognized currently in earnings in the period in which the adjustment is known. We assess our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset or asset group may not be recoverable based on projected cash flows anticipated to be generated from the ongoing operation of those assets. We evaluate our goodwill for impairment annually or when an indicator of impairment exists. Our operating segments are comprised of several vertically integrated businesses, and we assign assets and liabilities from our corporate operating segment to our three reporting units to the extent that such assets or liabilities relate to the cash flows of the reporting unit. We believe the control premium represents the value a market participant could extract as savings and/or synergies by obtaining control. We have developed criteria for classifying disposal capacity as probable expansion airspace, which must be met before including it in our remaining disposal capacity estimates. We believe that satisfying all of these criteria demonstrates a high likelihood that expansion airspace will be permitted.