The company’s operations are highly dependent on the integrity of its technology systems, and its success depends, in part, on its ability to make timely enhancements and additions to its technology in anticipation of evolving client needs. The company is committed to an ongoing process of upgrading, enhancing, and testing its technology systems, which is focused on meeting client needs, market and regulatory changes, and deploying standardized technology platforms. Management believes that funds generated by its operations will continue to be the primary funding source of its capital expenditures, which include software and equipment relating to the company’s information technology systems. Professional services expense increased in 2014 from 2013 primarily due to higher spending on technology services and an increase in fees paid to outsourced service providers and consultants. The company’s liquidity needs arise from funding its subsidiaries' operations, including margin and mortgage lending, and transaction settlement, in addition to funding cash dividends, acquisitions, investments, short- and long-term debt, and managing statutory capital requirements. The company has established policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, which includes the risk of human error, employee misconduct, external fraud, computer viruses, cyber attacks, and technological failure. The company has two data centers intended, in part, to further improve the recovery of business processing in the event of an emergency. Operational risk is mitigated through a system of internal controls and risk management practices designed to keep operational risk and operational losses at levels appropriate to the inherent risk of the business. The company actively engages in the research and development of new technologies, services, and products, and endeavors to protect its research and development efforts through the use of copyrights, patents, trade secrets, and contracts. The company’s risk management process is comprised of risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and reporting, and risk mitigation. The company has established a policy to describe the roles and responsibilities of all key stakeholders in model development, management, and use, and all models are registered in a centralized database and classified into different risk ratings. The company monitors its exposure to European issuers by performing risk assessments of the foreign countries, establishing credit and maturity limits by issuer, and monitoring aggregate credit limits by geography and sector. The company’s capital plan considers significant risks to meeting its capital goals over time and through evolving economic, financial, and business environments. The comprehensive capital contingency plan provides guidelines for sustained capital events and is designed to provide a framework for responding to any capital stress. The company's management regularly reviews the estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of its financial statements for reasonableness and adequacy, including the evaluation of whether securities available for sale and securities held to maturity are other-than-temporarily impaired. The company’s allowance for loan losses methodology utilizes statistical models that estimate prepayments, defaults, and probable losses for the loan segments based on predicted behavior of individual loans within the segments. The company’s operational risk management includes policies and procedures to protect against fraud and unauthorized access to systems and data, and it conducts periodic testing of disaster recovery plans.