The following summary of our financial condition and results of operations is qualified in its entirety by the more complete discussion contained in this item and by the risk factors set forth in item 1a of this annual report. Our solutions help customers overcome the challenge of developing increasingly advanced electronics products while reducing their design and manufacturing costs. We believe that our leading technology, customer relationships, business model, diligent expense management, and acquisition strategy will help us continue to successfully execute our strategies. We derive revenue primarily from our software license arrangements, which include technology subscription licenses that provide limited rights to receive future technology, and we recognize revenue from these licenses ratably over the term. Our business model, which consists of time-based revenue, represents approximately 90% of our total revenue. The overall growth of our business has been the primary driver of the increase in our revenue, which is subject to fluctuations primarily due to customer requirements, including payment terms and the timing and value of contract renewals. Our research and development expenses have increased due to headcount increases, including those from acquisitions, which are critical for enhancing our IT capabilities and supporting our business needs. We allocate certain human resource programs, information technology, and facility expenses among our functional income statement categories based on headcount within each functional area. The increase in our expenses compared to prior fiscal years was primarily due to an increase in personnel-related costs driven by increased headcount from our acquisitions. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to personnel-related costs and functionally allocated expenses as a result of headcount increases primarily from our acquisitions. We recognize revenue from maintenance arrangements ratably over the maintenance period, and revenue from professional services is recognized as services are performed and accepted by the customer. Our customer arrangements are complex, involving hundreds of products and various license rights, and we compete on all fronts to serve customers in a highly competitive market. We believe that the coverity acquisition has expanded our total addressable market and has enabled us to enter into a new, growing market dedicated to helping companies deliver better software faster. We recognize revenue based on various criteria, including whether persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists and whether delivery has occurred. Our ability to utilize our deferred tax assets is evaluated based on past operating results and forecasts of future taxable income. The timing of our billings and collections, operating results, and the timing and amount of tax and other liability payments will affect our cash from operating activities. We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and available credit will satisfy our routine business requirements for at least the next twelve months. Our business outlook remains solid based on our leading technology and customer relationships, which are essential for maintaining our competitive advantage in the market.