The following discussion may contain predictions, estimates, and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under the heading entitled "risk factors" included elsewhere in this report. We believe we have achieved steady, long-term growth in sales and improvements in operating performance since our formation in 1993 due to our competitive strengths and through execution of our value-driven operating strategy. Our selective acquisition strategy has also contributed to the growth of our business. The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. We attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We have regularly been successful in identifying and developing both aftermarket and OEM products to drive our growth. We focus on the engineering, manufacturing, and marketing of a broad range of highly engineered niche products that we believe provide value to our customers. Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. Our three core value drivers are obtaining profitable new business, improving our cost structure, and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers. The aerospace industry, in particular, remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. The commercial aerospace industry, including the aftermarket and OEM market, is impacted by the health of the global economy and geopolitical events around the world. Our presence in both the commercial aerospace and military sectors of the aerospace industry may mitigate the impact on our business of any specific industry risk. We service a diversified customer base in the commercial and military aerospace industry, and we provide components to a diverse installed base of aircraft, which mitigates our exposure to any individual airframe platform. We believe that our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform, or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. The company generated $541.2 million of net cash from operating activities during fiscal 2014 compared to $470.2 million during fiscal 2013. The net increase of $71.0 million was due primarily to an increase in income from operations offset by higher interest payments due to the company's current debt structure. The company has not, at this time, determined to change the nature of its debt facilities. However, in the future, the company may increase its borrowings in connection with acquisitions, if cash flow from operations becomes insufficient to fund current operations or for other short-term cash needs or for stock repurchases or dividends. The company evaluates from time to time the appropriateness of its current leverage, taking into consideration the company's debt holders, equity holders, credit ratings, acquisition opportunities, and other factors. The company may need to refinance all or a portion of its indebtedness on or before maturity. The company has established a trade receivables securitization facility which effectively increases the company's borrowing capacity depending on the amount of trade accounts receivable. The company uses the proceeds from the securitization program as an alternative to other forms of debt, effectively reducing borrowing costs.