We invest more than $1 billion each year to develop new products for our portfolio. This ability to directly control our manufacturing helps ensure a consistent supply of products for our customers. Our business model focused on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. In 2014, free cash flow was 27 percent of revenue, up 3 percentage points from a year ago. Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. We believe these products serve highly diverse markets with thousands of applications and have dependable long-term growth opportunities. Our business model continued to generate strong cash flow from operations, with free cash flow for 2013 of $3 billion, or 24 percent of revenue. We have a variable-rate revolving credit facility with a consortium of investment-grade banks that allows us to borrow up to $2 billion until March 2019. Our primary source of liquidity is cash flow from operations. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. We recognize revenue from sales of our products, including direct sales to our distributors, when title and risk of loss pass, which usually occurs upon shipment or delivery to the customer or distributor. We recognize revenue net of allowances, which are management's estimates of future credits to be granted to customers or distributors under programs common in the semiconductor industry. We continually monitor the actual claimed allowances against our estimates, and we adjust our estimates as appropriate to reflect trends in distributor revenue and inventory levels. We may also provide distributors an allowance to scrap certain slow-selling or obsolete products in their inventory, estimated as a negotiated fixed percentage of each distributor's purchases from us. We believe we can reasonably and reliably estimate allowances for credits to distributors in a timely manner. The calculation of tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. We recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the U.S. and other tax jurisdictions based on an estimate of the ultimate resolution of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. We review acquisition-related intangible assets for impairment when certain indicators suggest an asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable. We review goodwill for impairment annually, or more frequently if certain impairment indicators arise, such as significant changes in business climate, operating performance or competition, or upon the disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. Our judgment regarding future recoverability of our deferred tax assets based on these criteria may change due to various factors, including changes in U.S. or international tax laws and changes in market conditions and their impact on our assessment of taxable income in future periods. Actual future write-offs of inventory for salability and obsolescence reasons may differ from estimates and calculations used to determine valuation allowances due to changes in customer demand, customer negotiations, technology shifts and other factors.