The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Delivery system modernization and payment reform are critical, and the alignment of incentives between key constituents remains an important theme. We are increasingly rewarding care providers for delivering improvements in quality and cost-efficiency. This trend is creating needs for health management services that can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our Optum business platform. Our businesses participate in the U.S., Brazilian, and certain other international health economies. The rate of market growth may be affected by a variety of factors, including macro-economic conditions and regulatory changes, including enacted health reform legislation in the United States, which have impacted and could further impact our results of operations. We frequently evaluate and adjust our approach in each of the local markets we serve, considering all relevant factors, such as product positioning, price competitiveness, and environmental, competitive, legislative, and regulatory considerations. Our review of regulatory considerations involves a focus on minimum MLR thresholds and the new risk adjustment, risk corridor, and reinsurance provisions that impact the small group and individual markets. We will continue to balance growth and profitability across all of these dimensions. The intensity of commercial pricing competition depends on local market conditions and competitive dynamics. We expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population, and national interest in health and well-being. Our medical cost trends are primarily related to unit costs, utilization, and prescription drug costs. The primary drivers of prescription drug trends continue to be unit cost pressure on brand name drugs and a shift towards expensive new specialty medications. We are taking actions to respond to these funding reductions, but the reductions adversely affected after-tax earnings for our Medicare business during 2014. We expect continued Medicaid revenue increases due to anticipated growth in our offerings; we also believe that the reimbursement rate environment creates the risk of downward pressure on Medicaid net margin percentages. We continue to take a prudent, market-sustainable posture for both new business and maintenance of existing relationships. We advocate for actuarially sound rates that are commensurate with our medical cost trends and remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs. Our Medicare Advantage rates are currently enhanced by CMS quality bonuses in certain counties based on our local plans' star ratings. The level of star ratings from CMS, based upon specified clinical and operational performance standards, will impact future quality bonuses. We are dedicating substantial resources to advance our quality scores and star ratings to strengthen our local market programs and further improve our performance for the future payment years. The ongoing reductions to Medicare Advantage funding place continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We seek to intensify our medical and operating cost management, make changes to the size and composition of our care provider networks, adjust members' benefits, implement or increase member premiums over the monthly payments we receive from the government, and decide on a county-by-county basis where we will offer Medicare Advantage plans.