Our customer service network consists of 881 rental locations in the United States and Canada as well as centralized call centers and online capabilities. We believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of this environment because, as a larger company, we have more extensive resources and certain compelling competitive advantages. These include a fleet of rental equipment with a total original equipment cost of $8.4 billion, and a national branch network that operates in 49 U.S. states and every Canadian province, serving 99 of the 100 largest metropolitan areas in the United States. Our size gives us greater purchasing power, the ability to provide customers with a broader range of equipment and services, and the ability to enhance the earning potential of our assets by transferring equipment among branches to satisfy customer needs. In particular, we have focused on customer segmentation, customer service differentiation, rate management, fleet management, and operational efficiency. Our strategy calls for a consistently superior standard of service to customers, often provided through a single point of contact; the further optimization of our customer mix and fleet mix; and the implementation of "lean" management techniques, including kaizen processes focused on continuous improvement. As of December 31, 2014, we have trained over 2,100 employees on the lean kaizen process. We plan to continue to invest in fleet to further position United Rentals as a single source provider of total jobsite solutions through our extensive product and service resources and technology offerings. We expect that the majority of our end markets will continue to recover and drive demand for equipment rental services. Our revenues are derived from equipment rentals, sales of rental equipment, sales of new equipment, contractor supplies sales, and service and other revenues. We achieved a year-over-year increase in rental rates and volume of original equipment cost on rent, reflecting the impact of acquisitions and improved asset productivity. We believe that the rate and volume improvements reflect improvements in our operating environment and the execution of our strategy. Our financial flexibility and liquidity have improved significantly, allowing us to invest the necessary capital in our business to take advantage of opportunities in the economic recovery. We manage our liquidity using internal cash management practices and have taken a number of actions related to our capital structure to improve our financial flexibility. Our principal existing sources of cash are cash generated from operations and from the sale of rental equipment and borrowings available under our facilities. We expect that our existing sources of cash will be sufficient to support our existing operations over the next 12 months. Our strategy emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. We believe that our IT capabilities, which include information technology systems and support, play a crucial role in enhancing our operational efficiency and effectiveness in meeting business needs and driving competitive advantage.