We are engaged in a number of research and early-stage development programs, including programs in the areas of oncology and neurology. We plan to continue investing in our research programs and fostering scientific innovation in order to identify and develop transformative medicines with a focus on cystic fibrosis and other genetic diseases, oncology, and neurology. Our investments in drug candidates are subject to considerable risks, and we closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies, frequently evaluating our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights. This process can result in abrupt changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs, as well as those of our competitors. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. Our marketing of pharmaceutical products is subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations, and we have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent, and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems. We dedicate substantial management and other resources in order to obtain and maintain appropriate levels of reimbursement for our products from third-party payors, including governmental organizations in the United States and ex-U.S. markets. Our total net product revenues have been decreasing on an annual basis due to significant decreases in incivek net product revenues, partially offset by increases in kalydeco net product revenues. We expect net product revenues to increase due to expected increases in kalydeco net product revenues and potential net product revenues in the second half of 2015 from sales of lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor. We have submitted a new drug application to the FDA and a marketing authorization application to the EMA for lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates. We do not assign our internal costs to individual drugs or drug candidates because the employees within our research and development groups typically are deployed across multiple research and development programs. We expect our development expenses for outsourced activities to increase due to activities related to clinical trials, including the phase 3 clinical development program for vx-661 in combination with ivacaftor. We expect to continue to incur losses on a quarterly basis until we can substantially increase revenues as a result of potential future regulatory approvals, the timing of which are uncertain. Our cash flows from product sales have decreased on an annual basis during each of the past two years. We expect cash flows from sales of kalydeco to increase as we continue to increase the number of patients that are treated with kalydeco. We have entered into certain research and development collaboration agreements with third parties that include the funding of certain development, manufacturing, and commercialization efforts with the potential for future milestone and royalty payments. Our obligation to fund these efforts is contingent upon continued involvement in the programs and/or the lack of any adverse events that could cause the discontinuance of the programs. The successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks. The duration and cost of discovery, nonclinical studies, and clinical trials may vary significantly over the life of a project and are difficult to predict.