Our company and others have recognized the value of the traditional waste stream as a potential resource. We believe we are uniquely equipped to meet the challenges of the changing waste industry and our customers' waste management needs, both today and as we work together to envision and create a more sustainable future. We plan to accomplish our strategic goals through competitive advantages derived from a "best cost" structure achieved through operational improvements and differentiation in our industry, driven by capitalizing on our extensive, well-placed network of assets. While we will continue to monitor emerging diversion technologies that may generate additional value, our current attention will be on improving existing diversion technologies, such as recycling operations. In pursuit of these long-term goals, we recognize that we must grow the business, and do so as efficiently and cost-effectively as possible. We are focusing on the following five key company priorities: provide the best possible service to our customers; continuously improve our operational performance; take advantage of opportunities in our current business, as well as considering attractive acquisition opportunities; remain focused on price leadership while considering competitive dynamics; and minimize both operating costs and selling, general & administrative expenses. We believe that execution of our strategy through these key priorities will drive continued financial performance and leadership in a dynamic industry. Our 2014 results were affected by the recognition of net pre-tax gains, which includes gains on the sale of our wheelabrator business. We anticipate saving in excess of $100 million annually from restructuring actions when fully implemented. We recognize that we must grow the business, and do so as efficiently and cost-effectively as possible. Our focus on capital spending management has resulted in a decrease in capital expenditures. We are committed to providing our shareholders with a return on their investment through dividend payments, and we have also returned value to our shareholders through share repurchases. Our liquidity and capital resources are continually monitored, enabling us to plan for present needs and fund unbudgeted business activities that may arise during the year. We have cash requirements for the construction and expansion of our landfills, additions to and maintenance of our trucking fleet and landfill equipment, and capital expenditures, acquisitions, and investments in support of our strategic growth plans. We are in the process of assessing the provisions of the amended guidance associated with revenue recognition and have not determined whether the adoption will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. We believe that inflation generally has not had, and in the near future is not expected to have, any material adverse effect on our results of operations. However, approximately 30% of our collection revenues are generated under long-term agreements with price adjustments based on various indices intended to measure inflation. We are seeking expansion permits at 23 of our landfills that meet the expansion criteria outlined in our critical accounting estimates and assumptions section. The number of landfills we own or operate as of December 31, 2014, segregated by their estimated operating lives, is provided. We continually focus on improving the utilization of airspace through efforts that include optimizing the placement of daily cover materials and increasing initial compaction through improved landfill equipment, operations, and training.