We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers and utilizing our low cost-of-capital to invest in growing markets, including the deepwater gulf of mexico, the marcellus shale, the gulf coast region, the canadian oil sands, and areas of increasing natural gas demand. Our strategy is to provide large-scale energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas, natural gas products, and crude oil that exists in north america. We seek to accomplish this through further developing our scale positions in current key markets and basins and entering new growth markets and basins where we can become the large-scale service provider. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver an attractive return to our shareholders. We continue to manage expenditures as appropriate without compromising safety and compliance. Our planned consolidated capital investments for 2015 total between $3.96 billion and $4.59 billion. We expect to maintain an attractive cost of capital and reliable access to capital markets, both of which will allow us to pursue development projects and acquisitions. We continue to address these risks through disciplined investment strategies, sufficient liquidity from cash and cash equivalents and available capacity under our credit facilities. Our ongoing strategy is to safely and reliably operate large-scale, interstate natural gas transmission and midstream infrastructures where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. The merged partnership is expected to be self-funding through its cash flows from operations, its credit facilities and/or commercial paper program, and its access to capital markets. We anticipate our more significant uses of cash to be maintenance and expansion capital expenditures, contributions to our equity-method investees to fund their expansion capital expenditures, interest on our long-term debt, and quarterly dividends to our shareholders. We believe we have, or have access to, the financial resources and liquidity necessary to meet our requirements for working capital, capital and investment expenditures, dividends and distributions, debt service payments, and tax payments, while maintaining a sufficient level of liquidity. Our operations are influenced to a greater extent by competition for specialized services and specific price changes in crude oil and natural gas and related commodities than by changes in general inflation. Our interstate natural gas pipelines consider prudently incurred environmental assessment and remediation costs and the costs associated with compliance with environmental standards to be recoverable through rates. Our business plan for 2015 continues to reflect both significant capital investment and continued dividend growth as compared to 2014. We expect higher production handling volumes in 2015, following the completion of gulfstar fpstm in the fourth quarter of 2014. We plan to expand our processing capacity at our oak grove facility by adding a second 200mmcf/d cryogenic natural gas processing plant, which is expected to be placed into service at the end of 2015. We will continue to expand the gathering system in the susquehanna supply hub in northeastern pennsylvania that is needed to meet our customer's production plans. We plan to file an application with the ferc in the second quarter of 2015 for approval of the atlantic sunrise expansion project, which involves an expansion of transco's existing natural gas transmission system along with greenfield facilities to provide firm transportation from the northeastern marcellus producing area to markets along transco's mainline as far south as station 85 in alabama. We plan to place the project into service during the second half of 2017, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals, and it is expected to increase capacity by 1,700 mdth/d.