Our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations reflects our commitment to enhancing the health of animals and bringing solutions to our customers who raise and care for them. We believe our investments in the industry's largest sales organization, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, our high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, and our long track record of developing products that meet customer needs, has led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. Our R&D efforts enable us to deliver innovative products to address unmet needs and evolve our product lines so they remain relevant for our customers. Additionally, our management team's focus on improving operational and cost efficiencies increases the likelihood of achieving our core growth strategies and enhancing long-term value for our shareholders. We seek to leverage our direct local presence and strong customer relationships through our direct selling commercial model, which deepens our understanding of our customers' businesses and encourages the adoption of more sophisticated animal health products. We aim to maximize our presence in emerging markets where economic development drives increased demand for animal protein and spending on companion animals. Our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products developed through joint ventures and products obtained through license or acquisition. We are committed to supporting cutting-edge research and securing the right to develop and commercialize new products and technologies. Our manufacturing and supply chain capabilities provide us with a global platform for continued expansion, including in emerging markets, and our quality and reliability differentiate us from our competitors. The animal health industry is competitive, and we face competition in the regions in which we operate, with principal methods of competition varying depending on the particular region, species, product category, or individual product. Our competitors include the animal health businesses of large pharmaceutical companies and specialty animal health businesses. We also compete with companies that produce generic products, although the level of competition from generic products varies from market to market. Our revenue is primarily derived from our diversified product portfolio of medicines and vaccines used to treat and protect livestock and companion animals. Our products are promoted to veterinarians and livestock producers by our sales organization, which includes sales representatives and technical and veterinary operations specialists. The depth of our product portfolio enables us to address the varying needs of customers in different species and geographies. We believe that animal health medicines and vaccines customers value high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, which contributes to animal health brand loyalty. Our investments in technology and infrastructure are essential for maintaining operational efficiency and supporting our strategic goals. We continuously monitor our liquidity position and assess the impact of global economic conditions on our operations and financial performance. As we operate in multiple foreign currencies, changes in those currencies relative to the U.S. dollar will impact our revenue, cost of goods, and expenses, and consequently, net income. Our strategic resource allocation and investment decisions are guided by our commitment to enhancing firm capabilities and achieving operational flexibility in a dynamic market environment.