item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements.
overview our business we develop, manufacture and market a broad range of consumer household, personal care and specialty products. our well-recognized brands include arm & hammer® baking soda, cat litter, laundry detergent, carpet deodorizer and other baking soda-based products; oxiclean® stain removers, cleaning solutions, laundry detergents and bleach alternatives; vitafusion® and l'il critters® gummy dietary supplements for adults and children, respectively; batiste® dry shampoo; waterpik® water flossers and showerheads; therabreath® oral care products; hero® acne treatment products; trojan condoms, lubricants and vibrators; spinbrush battery-operated toothbrushes; first response home pregnancy and ovulation test kits; nair depilatories; orajel oral analgesic; xtra laundry detergent; and zicam cold shortening and relief products. seven of those brands are designated as "power brands" because they compete in large categories, and we believe they have the potential for significant global expansion. those seven brands are arm & hammer®; oxiclean®; vitafusion® and l'il critters®; batiste®; waterpik®; therabreath®; and hero® and represent approximately 70% of our net sales and profits.
we sell our consumer products under a variety of brands through a broad distribution platform that includes supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, dollar, pet and other specialty stores and websites and other e-commerce channels, all of which sell the products to consumers. we sell our specialty products to industrial customers, livestock producers and through distributors.
we operate our business in three segments: consumer domestic, consumer international and the specialty products division ("spd"). the segments are based on differences in the nature of products and organizational and ownership structures. in 2023, the consumer domestic, consumer international and spd segments represented approximately 78%, 17% and 5%, respectively, of our consolidated net sales.
supply chain, inflation, consumer demand and competition we continue to monitor the impact of both inflation and recessionary indicators including the effect of corresponding government actions, such as raising interest rates to counteract inflation, that may negatively impact consumer spending, especially for our discretionary brands, and how these factors will potentially influence future cash flows for the short and long term.
we believe that inflation and recessionary concerns are continuing to drive a decline in consumer spending for our most discretionary brands, waterpik and flawless, as consumers reduce spending in these categories and shift to lower cost alternatives. most notably, a growing number of water flosser consumers have switched to more value-branded products. to address these demand shifts, we are taking steps to better manage production schedules and inventory levels for those products along with increasing promotional activities and marketing spend, as well as continuing efforts to develop lower cost water flosser alternatives.
our vitamin business continues to experience a softening of growth from record high levels during the covid-19 pandemic and has seen a significant ramp up in competition coming from new gummy vitamin category entrants which have increased from about six competitors a decade ago to more than 60 of significance today. in addition, residual impacts from previous vitamin-specific supply chain challenges resulted in increased shelf space and/ or display for certain of our competitors. we are improving our product offerings, redesigning packaging, launching new advertising and increasing global promotional and marketing efforts to solidify the business and, ultimately, regain lost market share.
net sales in our specialty products division declined in 2023, largely due to declining sales of our megalac dairy supplement within our animal nutrition business. during the first quarter of 2024, we will be exiting this part of the animal nutrition business as a result of the return of foreign competition in the united states dairy market.
looking forward, the impact that these challenges will continue to have on our operational and financial performance will depend in part on future developments, including inflationary impacts, interest rates, recessionary concerns, as well as retail customers' acceptance of all or a portion of any price increases. additionally, we may be impacted by our ability to recruit and retain a workforce and engage third-parties to manufacture and distribute our products, as well as any future government actions affecting employers and employees, consumers and the economy in general. while we expect that many of these effects will be transitory and that our value-focused portfolio positions us well in challenging economic environments, it is impossible to predict their impact.
2023 financial highlights key 2023 financial results include:
•2023 net sales grew 9.2% over 2022, with gains in consumer domestic and consumer international, partially offset by lower sales in spd. the gains are primarily due to favorable pricing/product mix, favorable volumes, and the benefit of recent acquisitions in consumer domestic and consumer international, partially offset by unfavorable volumes and pricing/product mix in spd.
•gross margin increased 220 basis points to 44.1% in 2023 from 41.9% in 2022, primarily due to favorable price/volume/mix, the impact of productivity programs, lower transportation costs, and business acquisition benefits, partially offset by higher manufacturing costs including labor and higher commodities.
•operating margin increased 690 basis points to 18.0% in 2023 from 11.1% in 2022. the 2022 operating margin included a non-cash charge of $411.0 or 760 basis points related to the flawless intangible asset impairment. excluding the impairment charge, operating margin decreased 70 basis points as an increase in gross margins was offset by higher marketing expenses and selling general and administrative costs.
•we reported diluted net earnings per share in 2023 of $3.05, an increase of approximately 81.5% from 2022 diluted net earnings per share of $1.68 which included the non-cash flawless intangible asset impairment charge of $1.26 per share.
•cash provided by operations was $1,030.6 in 2023, a $145.4 increase from the prior year due to an improvement in working capital and an increase in cash earnings (net income adjusted for non-cash items) including the impact of recent acquisitions.
strategic goals, challenges and initiatives our ability to generate sales depends on consumer demand for our products and retail customers' decisions to carry our products, which are, in part, affected by general economic conditions in our markets. while a vast majority of our products are consumer staples and less vulnerable to decreases in discretionary spending than other products, certain of our products, are more likely to be affected by consumer decisions to control spending. some retail customers have responded to economic conditions by increasing their private label offerings (primarily in the dietary supplements, diagnostic kits and oral analgesics categories), launching their own brands, and consolidating the product selections they offer to the top few leading brands in each category. in addition, an increasing portion of our product categories are being sold by club stores, dollar stores, mass merchandisers and internet-based retailers. these factors have placed downward pressure on our sales and gross margins.
we intend to continue to aggressively pursue several key strategic initiatives: maintain competitive marketing and trade spending, tightly control our cost structure, expand our online market share, continue to develop and launch new and differentiated products, and pursue strategic acquisitions. we also intend to continue to grow our product sales globally and maintain an offering of premium and value brand products to appeal to a wide range of consumers.
we derive a substantial percentage of our revenues from sales of liquid laundry detergent. as a result, any delays or reduction of sales of these products, in the event that our product category diversification efforts discussed below are not successful, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. we continue to evaluate and vigorously address these pressures through, among other things, new product introductions and increased marketing and trade spending. however, there is no assurance the category will not decline in the future and that we will be able to offset any such decline.
we are continuously focused on strengthening our key brands through the launch of innovative new products, which span various product categories, including premium and value household products supported by increased marketing and trade spending. there can be no assurance that these measures will be successful.
our global product portfolio consists of both premium (63% of total worldwide consumer revenue in 2023) and value (37% of total worldwide consumer revenue in 2023) brands, which we believe enables us to succeed in a range of economic environments. we intend to continue to develop a portfolio of appealing new products to build loyalty among cost-conscious consumers.
over the past two decades, we have diversified from an almost exclusively u.s. business to a global company with approximately 17% of sales derived from countries outside of the united states in 2023. we have subsidiary operations in seven countries (canada, mexico, u.k., france, germany, china and australia). we also export products to over 130 other countries through our global markets group using a broad network of third-party distributors. in 2023, we benefited from our expanded global footprint and expect to continue to focus on selectively expanding our global business. if we are unable to expand our business internationally at the rate that we expect, we may not realize our anticipated growth targets.
although we believe ongoing international expansion represents a significant opportunity to grow our business, our increasing activity in global markets exposes us to additional complexity and uncertainty. sales generated outside of the u.s. are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations as well as political uncertainty which could impact future operating results. moreover, the current domestic and international political environment, including existing and potential changes to u.s. policies related to global trade and tariffs, have resulted in uncertainty regarding the global economy. the impact of u.s. tariffs on certain products was a component of increased cost of sale during the year ended december 31, 2023. the implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as higher tariffs or new barriers to entry, in countries in which we manufacture or sell large quantities of products could negatively impact our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
we also continue to focus on controlling our costs. historically, we have been able to mitigate the effects of cost increases primarily by implementing cost reduction programs and, to a lesser extent, by passing along cost increases to customers. we have also entered into set pricing and pre-buying arrangements with certain suppliers and hedge agreements for diesel fuel and other commodities. additionally, our focus on tight cost controls has enabled us to effectively navigate challenging economic conditions.
the identification and integration of strategic acquisitions are an important component of our overall strategy and product category diversification. acquisitions have added significantly to our sales, profits and product category diversification over the last decade. this is evidenced by our 2015 acquisition of certain assets of varied industries corporation (the "vi-cor acquisition"), the 2016 acquisitions of spencer forrest, inc., the maker of toppik (the "toppik acquisition"), and the anusol and rectinol businesses from johnson & johnson (the "anusol acquisition"), the 2017 acquisitions of the viviscal brand from lifes2good holdings limited (the "viviscal acquisition"), and the waterpik brand from pik holdings, inc. (the "waterpik acquisition"), the 2020 acquisition of the zicam brand from consumer health holdco llc, the 2021 acquisition of the therabreath brand from dr. harold katz, llc and hk-ip international, inc, and the 2022 acquisition of the hero brand which includes the mighty patch acne treatment products. the failure to effectively identify or integrate any acquisition or achieve expected synergies may cause us to incur material asset write-downs. we actively seek acquisitions that fit our guidelines, and our strong financial position provides us with flexibility to take advantage of acquisition opportunities. in addition, our ability to quickly integrate acquisitions and leverage existing infrastructure has enabled us to establish a strong track record in making accretive acquisitions. since 2001, we have acquired six of our seven "power brands."
we believe we are well positioned to meet the ongoing challenges described above due to our strong financial condition, experience operating in challenging environments and continued focus on key strategic initiatives. our focus is to maintain competitive marketing and trade spending, manage our cost structure, continue to develop and launch new and differentiated products, while pursuing strategic acquisitions. this focus, together with the strength of our portfolio of premium and value brands, has enabled us to succeed in a range of economic environments. moreover, the generation of a significant amount of cash from operations provides us with the financial flexibility to pursue acquisitions, drive new product development, make capital expenditures to support organic growth and gross margin improvements, return cash to stockholders through dividends and share buy backs, and reduce outstanding debt. these factors position us to continue to increase stockholder value over the long-term.
for information regarding risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and cash flows, see "risk factors" in item 1a of this annual report.
recent developments dividend increase on january 31, 2024, the board declared a 4% increase in the regular quarterly dividend from $0.2725 to $0.28375 per share (equivalent to an annual dividend of $1.135 per share) payable to stockholders of record as of february 15, 2024. the increase raises the annualized dividend payout from $267.0 to approximately $276.0 on an annualized basis.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. (gaap). the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. by their nature, these judgments are subject to uncertainty. they are based on our historical experience, our observation of trends in industry, information provided by our customers and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. our significant accounting policies and estimates are described below.
revenue recognition and promotional and sales return reserves virtually all of our revenue represents sales of finished goods inventory and is recognized when received or picked up by our customers. the reserves for consumer and trade promotion liabilities and sales returns are established based on our best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle future and existing claims on products sold as of the balance sheet date. promotional reserves are provided for sales incentives, such as coupons to consumers, and sales incentives provided to customers (such as slotting, cooperative advertising, incentive discounts based on volume of sales and other arrangements made directly with customers). all such costs are netted against sales. slotting costs are recorded when the product is delivered to the customer. cooperative advertising costs are recorded when the customer places the advertisement for our products. discounts relating to price reduction arrangements and coupons are recorded when the related sale takes place. costs associated with end-aisle or other in-store displays are recorded when product that is subject to the promotion is sold. we rely on historical experience and forecasted data to determine the required reserves. for example, we use historical experience to project coupon redemption rates to determine reserve requirements. based on the total face value of consumer domestic coupons redeemed over the past several years, if the actual rate of redemptions were to deviate by 0.1% from the rate for which reserves are accrued in the financial statements, a difference of approximately $0.7 in the reserve required for coupons would result. with regard to other promotional reserves and sales returns, we use experience-based estimates, customer and sales organization inputs and historical trend analysis in arriving at the reserves required. if our estimates for promotional activities and sales returns reserves were to change by 10% the impact to promotional spending and sales return accruals would be approximately $16.0. while management believes that its promotional and sales returns reserves are reasonable and that appropriate judgments have been made, estimated amounts could differ materially from actual future obligations.
impairment of goodwill, trade names and other intangible assets the company has intangible assets of substantial value on its consolidated balance sheet. intangible assets relate to intangible assets with a useful life, indefinite-lived trade names and goodwill. the company determines whether an intangible asset (other than goodwill) has a useful life based on multiple factors, including how long the company intends to generate cash flows from the asset.
intangible assets with a useful life are assessed for impairment when there are business triggering events. carrying values of goodwill and indefinite-lived trade names are reviewed at least annually for possible impairment.
our impairment analysis is based on a discounted cash flow approach that requires significant judgment with respect to unit volume, revenue and expense growth rates, and the selection of an appropriate discount rate and royalty rate. management uses estimates based on expected trends in making these assumptions. with respect to goodwill, impairment occurs when the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds the discounted present value of cash flows for that reporting unit. for trade names and other intangible assets, an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between the carrying value and the net present value of estimated future cash flows, which represents the estimated fair value of the asset. fair value for indefinite-lived intangible assets is estimated based on a "relief from royalty" or "excess earnings" discounted cash flow method, which contains numerous variables that are subject to change as business conditions change, and therefore could impact fair values in the future. judgment is required in assessing whether assets may have become impaired between annual valuations. indicators such as unexpected adverse economic factors, unanticipated technological change, distribution losses, or competitive activities and acts by governments and courts may indicate that an asset has become impaired.
the result of our annual goodwill impairment test determined that the estimated fair value substantially exceeded the carrying values of all reporting units. we determined that the fair value of all indefinite-lived intangible assets for each of the years in the three-year period ended december 31, 2023 exceeded their respective carrying values based upon the forecasted cash flows and profitability.
recently, our global trojan business has benefited from the successful introduction of new products, such as trojan bareskin raw, which has contributed to expanded distribution resulting in sales growth in 2023 and an improvement in the expected sales growth outlook for this business. while the company cannot predict future changes in economic or competitive factors that may adversely impact the underlying cash flows used to estimate fair value of the trade name, it believes that the improved growth and profitability outlook for this business has reduced the near-term risk of impairment of the trojan trade name. the carrying value of the trojan trade name is $176.4 and fair value represented 162% of the carrying value as of october 1, 2023.
our global waterpik business has continued to experience a significant decline in customer demand for many of its products, primarily due to lower consumer spending for discretionary products resulting in part from inflation and a growing number of water flosser consumers switching to more value-branded products. waterpik's profitability has also been impacted by tariffs imposed on its products imported into the united states that were manufactured in china. as a result, the waterpik business has experienced declining sales and profits resulting in a reduction in expected future cash flows which have eroded a substantial portion of the excess between the fair and carrying value of the trade name. this indefinite-lived intangible asset may be susceptible to impairment and a continued decline in fair value could trigger a future impairment charge of the waterpik trade name. while management can and has implemented strategies to address the risk, significant changes in operating plans or adverse changes in the future could reduce the underlying cash flows used to estimate fair values and could result in a decline in fair value that could trigger future impairment charges of these assets. the carrying value of the waterpik trade name is $644.7 and fair value represented 109% of the carrying value as of october 1, 2023.
the vitamin category continues to experience a softening of growth from record high levels during the covid-19 pandemic and significant product competition coming from new category entrants. the category has grown from about 6 competitors a decade ago to more than 60 of significance in recent years. in addition, residual impacts from previous vitamin-specific supply chain challenges have resulted in reduced shelf space for vitafusion and lil critters at certain retailers and consumers switching to competitor's brands. these factors, along with higher interest rates, have resulted in a reduction in expected future cash flows which have eroded a substantial portion of the excess between the fair and carrying value of the trade name. this indefinite-lived intangible asset may be susceptible to impairment and a continued decline in fair value could trigger a future impairment charge of the vitafusion and lil' critters trade name. while management has implemented strategies to address the risk, significant changes in operating plans or adverse changes in the future could reduce the underlying cash flows used to estimate fair value. the carrying value of the vitafusion and lil' critters trade name is $281.3 and fair value represented 154% of the carrying value as of october 1, 2023.
in the fourth quarter of 2022, we determined that a review of our ability to recover the carrying values of the global finishing touch flawless intangible assets was necessary based on the discontinuance of certain products at a major retailer. the finishing touch flawless assets consist of the definite-lived trade name, customer relationships and technology assets recorded at acquisition. we evaluated our ability to recover the carrying values of the intangible assets by comparing the carrying amount to the future undiscounted cash flows and determined that the cash flows would not be sufficient to recover the carrying value of the assets. after determining the estimated fair value of the assets, which included a reduction in cash flows due to the loss of distribution mentioned above along with an expected continued decline in discretionary consumption and higher interest rates, a non-cash impairment charge of $411.0 was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2022. the remaining net book value of the trade name as of december 31, 2023 is $30.9 and will be amortized over a remaining useful life of two years. we have implemented strategies to address the decline in profitability. however, if unsuccessful, a further decline could trigger a future impairment charge.
it is possible that our conclusions regarding impairment or recoverability of goodwill or other intangible assets could change in future periods if, for example, (i) the businesses or brands do not perform as projected, (ii) overall economic conditions in future years vary from current assumptions (including changes in discount rates), (iii) business conditions or strategies change from current assumptions, (iv) investors require higher rates of return on equity investments in the marketplace or (v) enterprise values of comparable publicly traded companies, or actual sales transactions of comparable companies, were to decline, resulting in lower multiples of revenues and ebitda. a future impairment charge for goodwill or intangible assets could have a material effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.
income taxes income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized to reflect the future tax consequences attributable to the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which the differences are expected to be recovered or settled. management provides a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets for amounts which are not considered "more likely than not" to be realized. we record liabilities for potential assessments in various tax jurisdictions under u.s. gaap guidelines. the liabilities relate to tax return positions that, although supportable by us, may be challenged by the tax authorities and do not meet the minimum recognition threshold required under applicable accounting guidance for the related tax benefit to be recognized on the income statement. we adjust this liability as a result of changes in tax legislation, interpretations of laws by courts, guidance and rulings issued by tax authorities, changes in estimates and the expiration of the statute of limitations. many of the judgments involved in adjusting the liability involve assumptions and estimates that are highly uncertain and subject to change. in this regard, settlement of any issue, or an adverse determination in litigation, with a taxing authority could require the use of cash and result in an increase in our annual effective tax rate. conversely, favorable resolution of an issue with a taxing authority would be recognized as a reduction to our annual effective tax rate.
new accounting pronouncements refer to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of december 31, 2023.
results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021
the discussion of results of operations at the consolidated level presented below is followed by a more detailed discussion of results of operations by segment. this section of this form 10-k generally discusses 2023 and 2022 results and year-to-year comparisons between 2023 and 2022. discussions of 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022. the segment discussion also addresses certain product line information. our operating segments are consistent with our reportable segments.
twelve months ended              change vs.     twelve months ended december 31, 2023              prior year       december 31, 2022
gross profit                                                  $2,588.5                   15.0%                $2,250.0
marketing expenses                                              $641.3                   19.8%                  $535.2
percent of net sales                                              10.9   %     90 basis points                    10.0   %
percent of net sales                                              15.2   %   -560 basis points                    20.8   %
operating margin                                                  18.0   %    690 basis points                    11.1   %
net sales net sales for the year ended december 31, 2023 were $5,867.9, an increase of $492.3, or 9.2% compared to 2022 net sales. the components of the net sales increase are as follows:
(1)on october 13, 2022, the company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of hero cosmetics, inc. ("hero"), the developer of the hero® brand which includes the mighty patch® acne treatment products (the "hero acquisition").
the volume change reflects increased volumes in the consumer domestic and consumer international segments partially offset by volume declines in spd. price/mix was favorable in the consumer domestic and consumer international segments partially offset by slightly unfavorable price/mix in the spd segment.
gross profit our gross profit for 2023 was $2,588.5, a $338.5 increase compared to 2022. gross margin was 44.1% in 2023 compared to 41.9% in 2022, a 220 basis points ("bps") increase. the increase is due to favorable price/volume/mix of 220 bps, the impact of productivity programs of 150 bps, lower transportation costs of 100 bps, and benefits from the hero acquisition of 90 bps, partially offset by higher manufacturing costs including labor and higher commodities of 340 bps.
operating costs marketing expenses for 2023 were $641.3, an increase of $106.1 compared to 2022. marketing expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 90 bps to 10.9% in 2023 as compared to 2022 due to 180 bps on higher expense from increased marketing spend as our ability to meet customer demand improved, offset by 90 bps of leverage on higher net sales.
sg&a expenses for 2023 were $889.8, a decrease of $227.2 or 20.3% compared to 2022. sg&a as a percentage of net sales decreased 560 bps to 15.2% in 2023 compared to 20.8% in 2022 due to 390 bps on lower expenses and 170 bps of leverage associated with higher sales. the lower expenses of 390 bps were primarily due to the non-cash flawless intangible asset impairment charges of $411.0 or 760 bps in 2022, partially offset by higher expenses associated with the hero acquisition of $78.7, investment spending for future growth and higher incentive compensation costs which reflects improved business performance.
interest expense in 2023 was $110.9, an increase of $21.3 primarily due to higher average interest rates on outstanding debt.
taxation the 2023 effective income tax rate was 21.9% compared to 20.9% in 2022. the increase in the rate is due to the tax rate benefit of the flawless impairment charge recorded in 2022.
on august 16, 2022, president biden signed into law the inflation reduction act of 2022, which contains provisions effective january 1, 2023, including a 15% corporate minimum tax and a 1% excise tax on stock buybacks. the new law did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows during the year ended december 31, 2023.
we operate three reportable segments: consumer domestic, consumer international and spd. these segments are determined based on differences in the nature of products and organizational and ownership structures. we also have a corporate segment.
segment                  products consumer domestic        household and personal care products consumer international   primarily personal care products spd                      specialty chemical products the corporate segment income consists of equity in earnings of affiliates. as of december 31, 2023, we held 50% ownership interests in each of armand and armakleen, respectively. our equity in earnings of armand and armakleen, totaling $8.7, $12.3 and $9.4 for the three years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are included in the corporate segment.
some of the subsidiaries that are included in the consumer international segment manufacture and sell personal care products to the consumer domestic segment. these sales are eliminated from the consumer international segment results set forth below.
segment net sales and income before income taxes for each of the three years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were as follows:
(2)in determining income before income taxes, interest expense, investment earnings and certain aspects of other income and expense were allocated among segments based upon each segment's relative income from operations.
(3)corporate segment consists of equity in earnings of affiliates from armand and armakleen in 2023, 2022 and 2021.
(4)2022 results include the flawless non-cash intangible asset impairment charges of $411.0 in sg&a expenses, of which $349.3 was recorded in the consumer domestic segment and $61.7 was recorded in the consumer international segment.
(5)2021 results include a $98.0 reduction in sg&a expenses to reduce the flawless business acquisition liability, of which $83.2 was recorded to consumer domestic and $14.8 was recorded to consumer international.
product line revenues for external customers for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were as follows:
consumer domestic net sales in 2023 were $4,571.2, an increase of $440.2 or 10.7% compared to net sales of $4,131.0 in 2022. the components of the net sales change are the following:
(1)includes the hero acquisition since october 13, 2022 (the date of the acquisition).
the increase in net sales for 2023 reflects the impact of the hero acquisition, and the impact of higher sales of therabreath® mouth wash, arm & hammer® cat litter, arm & hammer® liquid detergent, and arm & hammer® baking soda, partially offset by declines in finishing touch flawless® hair removal products, vitafusion® and l'il critters® gummy dietary supplements, and waterpik® water flossers.
consumer domestic income before income taxes for 2023 was $842.7, a $415.4 increase as compared to 2022. the 2022 results include the finishing touch flawless intangible asset impairment charge of $349.3 in sg&a expenses. excluding the impairment charge, income before income taxes increased $66.1 due to favorable price/mix of $193.0, the gross margin benefit of higher sales volumes related to the hero acquisition of $138.1, lower manufacturing and distribution expenses of $12.0, partially offset by higher sg&a expenses of $165.2 from higher expenses associated with the hero acquisition and higher incentive compensation costs, higher marketing expenses of $96.5, and higher interest and other expenses of $15.3.
consumer international net sales in 2023 were $975.7, an increase of $79.6 or 8.9% as compared to 2022. the components of the net sales change are the following:
foreign exchange rate fluctuations                   0.1   %
(1)includes the hero acquisition since october 13, 2022 (the date of the acquisition).
excluding the impact of foreign exchange rates and acquired product lines, the increase in net sales for the year ended december 31, 2023, is driven by sterimar® nasal congestion relief, therabreath® mouth wash, batiste® dry shampoo, oxiclean® stain removers and waterpik in the global markets group; batiste® dry shampoo, oxiclean® stain removers, therabreath® mouth wash, and gravol® anti-nauseant in canada; sterimar® nasal congestion relief and batiste® dry shampoo in europe and sterimar® nasal congestion relief, arm & hammer® dental care, arm & hammer® baking soda, and arm & hammer® liquid detergent in mexico.
consumer international income before income taxes was $94.8 in 2023, an increase of $56.0 compared to 2022. the increase is due to favorable price/mix of $53.4, lower sg&a expenses of $33.3 (including the 2022 flawless intangible asset impairment charge of $61.7, partially offset by higher incentive compensation costs), the gross margin benefit of higher sales volumes of $12.1, and favorable foreign exchange rates of $3.1, partially offset by higher manufacturing and commodity costs of $33.5, higher marketing expenses of $10.2, and higher interest and other expenses of $2.1.
spd net sales were $321.0 for 2023, a decrease of $27.5, or 7.9% compared to 2022. the components of the net sales change are the following:
net sales decreased in the year ended december 31, 2023 primarily due to competitive imports within our domestic dairy business.
spd income before income taxes was $21.2 in 2023, a decrease of $23.7 compared to 2022. the decrease in income before income taxes for 2023 is due to higher sg&a costs of $16.4 (including the passport intangible asset impairment charge of $3.5 and higher incentive compensation costs), the gross margin impact of lower sales volumes of $7.2, unfavorable manufacturing costs of $3.4, and unfavorable price/mix of $2.5, partially offset by lower interest and other expenses of $5.4, and lower marketing expenses of $0.5.
corporate corporate includes administrative costs of the production, planning and logistics functions which are elements of cost of sales in our consolidated statements of income but are allocated to the operating segments in sg&a expenses to determine operating segment income before income taxes. such amounts were $60.4, $34.3 and $47.1 for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the increase in 2023 compared to 2022 is primarily due to higher incentive compensation costs.
also included in corporate are the equity in earnings of affiliates from armand and armakleen, totaling $8.7, $12.3 and $9.4 for the three years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
liquidity and capital resources on june 16, 2022, we entered into a credit agreement (the "credit agreement") that provides for our $1,500.0 unsecured revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility") that matures on june 16, 2027, unless extended. the credit agreement replaced our prior $1,000.0 unsecured revolving credit facility that would have matured on march 29, 2024 that was entered into on march 29, 2018. we have the ability to increase our borrowing up to an additional $750.0, subject to lender commitments and certain conditions as described in the credit agreement. borrowings under the credit agreement are available for general corporate purposes and are used to support our $1,500.0 commercial paper program.
as of december 31, 2023, we had $344.5 in cash and cash equivalents, and approximately $1,495.0 available through the revolving credit facility and our commercial paper program. to preserve our liquidity, we invest cash primarily in government money market funds, prime money market funds, short-term commercial paper and short-term bank deposits.
on october 31, 2022, we issued $500.0 aggregate principal amount of 5.60% senior notes due 2032 (the "2032 notes"). the proceeds from the sale of the 2032 notes were used to repay commercial paper debt incurred to finance the hero acquisition, and related fees and expenses. the 2032 notes will mature on november 15, 2032, unless earlier retired or redeemed pursuant to the terms of the supplemental indenture governing the terms of the 2032 notes.
on june 2, 2022, we issued $500.0 aggregate principal amount of 5.00% senior notes due 2052 (the "2052 notes"). in july 2022 a portion of the proceeds from the sale of the 2052 notes were used to repay all of our outstanding $300.0 2.45% senior notes due august 1, 2022. the 2052 notes will mature on june 15, 2052, unless earlier retired or redeemed pursuant to the terms of the supplemental indenture governing the terms of the 2052 notes.
in october 2022, we repaid all of the outstanding $400.0 2.875% senior notes due october 1, 2022 with a portion of the proceeds from the 2052 notes and cash on hand.
on december 22, 2021, we entered into a $400.0 unsecured term loan facility (as amended on june 16, 2022, the "term loan facility") with various banks. the loan under the term loan facility (the "term loan") was fully drawn at closing. unless repaid early, the term loan is due on december 22, 2024. the interest rate is the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") plus a spread and an applicable church & dwight co., inc and subsidiaries
margin based on the company's credit rating, which can range from 60 basis points to 125 bps. the proceeds of the term loan were used to partially fund the therabreath acquisition, with the remaining proceeds used for the repayment of commercial paper. in 2023, we repaid $200.0 of the term loan with cash on hand and commercial paper borrowings. in january 2024, we repaid an additional $100.0 of the term loan with cash on hand.
additionally, we financed the therabreath acquisition with a portion of the proceeds from an underwritten public offering of $400.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.3% senior notes due 2031 (the "2031 notes") completed on december 10, 2021. the 2031 notes will mature on december 15, 2031, unless earlier retired or redeemed pursuant to the terms of the supplemental indenture governing the terms of the 2031 notes.
we financed the waterpik acquisition with a portion of the proceeds from an underwritten public offering of $1,425.0 aggregate principal amount of senior notes completed on july 25, 2017, consisting of $300.0 aggregate principal amount of floating rate senior notes that were due in 2019 and have been fully repaid, $300.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.45% senior notes that were due in 2022 and have been fully repaid, $425.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.15% senior notes due 2027 and $400.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.95% senior notes due 2047.
in 2015, we initiated a supply chain finance program ("scf program"). under the scf program, qualifying suppliers may elect to sell their receivables from us for early payment. participating suppliers negotiate their receivables sales arrangements directly with a third party. we are not party to those agreements and do not have an economic interest in the supplier's decision to sell their receivables. the scf program may allow suppliers more favorable terms than they could secure on their own. the terms of our payment obligations are not impacted by a supplier's participation in the scf program. our payment terms with suppliers are consistent between suppliers that elect to participate in the scf program and those that do not participate. as a result, the program does not have an impact to our average days outstanding.
all amounts outstanding to suppliers participating in the scf program are recorded within accounts payable in our consolidated balance sheets, and the associated payments are included in operating activities within our consolidated statements of cash flows.
the current economic environment presents risks that could have adverse consequences for our liquidity. see the discussion of this and other risks under "risk factors" in item 1a of this annual report. we continue to manage all aspects of our business including, but not limited to, monitoring the financial health of our customers, suppliers and other third-party relationships, implementing gross margin enhancement strategies and developing new opportunities for growth. we do not anticipate that current economic conditions will adversely affect our ability to comply with the financial covenant in the credit agreement because we currently are, and anticipate that we will continue to be, in compliance with the maximum leverage ratio requirement under the credit agreement.
on october 28, 2021, the board authorized a new share repurchase program, under which we may repurchase up to $1,000.0 in shares of common stock (the "2021 share repurchase program"). the 2021 share repurchase program does not have an expiration and replaced the 2017 share repurchase program. all remaining dollars authorized for repurchase under the 2017 share repurchase plan have been cancelled. the 2021 share repurchase program did not modify our evergreen share repurchase program, authorized by the board on january 29, 2014, under which we may repurchase, from time to time, common stock to reduce or eliminate dilution associated with issuances of common stock under its incentive plans.
in november 2023, we executed an agreement to purchase 3.3 million shares for $300.1, inclusive of fees, of which $229.3 was purchased under the evergreen share repurchase program and $70.8 was purchased under the 2021 share repurchase program.
as a result of our stock repurchases, there remains $658.9 of share repurchase availability under the 2021 share repurchase program as of december 31, 2023.
on january 31, 2024, the board declared a 4% increase in the regular quarterly dividend from $0.2725 to $0.28375 per share, equivalent to an annual dividend of $1.135 per share payable to stockholders of record as of february 15, 2024. the increase raises the annual dividend payout from $267.0 to approximately $276.0 on an annualized basis.
we anticipate that our cash from operations, together with our current borrowing capacity, will be sufficient to fund our share repurchase programs to the extent implemented by management, pay debt and interest as it comes due, pay dividends at the latest approved rate, and meet our capital expenditure program costs, which are expected to be approximately $180.0 in 2024 primarily for manufacturing capacity investments in laundry, litter and vitamins to support expected future sales growth. cash, together with our current borrowing capacity, may be used for acquisitions that would complement our existing product lines or geographic markets.
net cash provided by operating activities   $1,030.6                  $885.2                    $993.8
net cash provided by operating activities - our primary source of liquidity is our cash flow provided by operating activities, which is dependent on the level of net income and changes in working capital. our net cash provided by operating activities in 2023 increased by $145.4 to $1,030.6 as compared to $885.2 in 2022 due to an improvement in working capital and an increase in cash earnings (net income adjusted for non-cash items) including the impact of recent acquisitions. the improvement in working capital is primarily related to lower investment in inventory in the u.s. as fill rates have improved, lower investment in inventory related to our discretionary brands and higher incentive compensation accruals. we measure working capital effectiveness based on our cash conversion cycle. the following table presents our cash conversion cycle information for the quarters ended december 31, 2023 and 2022:
as of december 31, 2023           december 31, 2022      change days of sales outstanding in accounts receivable ("dso")                    29                          28           1
days of inventory outstanding ("dio")                                       70                          69           1
days of accounts payable outstanding ("dpo")                                72                          78           6
our cash conversion cycle (defined as the sum of dso plus dio less dpo) at december 31, 2023, which is calculated using a two period average method, increased 8 days from the prior year primarily due to a reduction in dpo of 6 days. the reduction in 2023 dpo compared to 2022 is partially driven by our recent acquisitions. we continue to focus on reducing our working capital requirements.
net cash used in investing activities - net cash used in investing activities during 2023 was $234.3, primarily reflecting property, plant and equipment additions of $223.5. net cash used in investing activities during 2022 was $728.6, primarily reflecting $546.8 for the hero acquisition and $178.8 for property, plant and equipment additions.
net cash used in financing activities - net cash used in financing activities during the twelve months of 2023 was $725.6, reflecting $300.1 of treasury stock purchases, $266.5 of cash dividend payments and $270.6 of net debt repayments, partially offset by $111.7 of proceeds from stock option exercises. net cash used in financing activities during the twelve months of 2022 was $120.9, reflecting $255.0 of cash dividend payments and $12.0 of financing costs, partially offset by $119.9 of net debt borrowings, and $26.2 of proceeds from stock option exercises.
other items market risk concentration of risk a group of four customers accounted for approximately 44% and 42% of consolidated net sales in 2023 and 2022, respectively. a group of three customers accounted for approximately 37% of consolidated net sales in 2021, of which a single customer (walmart inc. and its affiliates) accounted for approximately 23%, 24% and 24% in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
interest rate risk we had outstanding total debt at december 31, 2023, of $2,406.0, net of debt issuance costs, of which approximately 92% has a fixed weighted average interest rate of 4.1% and the remaining 8% was constituted primarily of the term loan due 2024 with a current rate of approximately 6.2%. from time to time the company will enter into interest rate lock agreements to hedge the risk of changes in the interest payments attributable to changes in the interest rate associated with anticipated issuances of debt.
other market risks we are also subject to market risks relating to our diesel and other commodity costs, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and changes in the market price of the common stock. refer to note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for a discussion of these market risks and the derivatives used to manage the risks associated with changing diesel fuel and other commodity prices, foreign exchange rates and the price of our common stock.